 i have never seen this much enthusiasm for a republican candidate"
 
steven crowder knocks it out of the park with his brilliant imitation of bob ross painting a very sick hillary 
"former senate president of haiti
"you have got to be kidding me! after all the times that trump has been attacked by the democratic side of our society for saying that we need a wall on our mexican border to stop illegals from getting into our country and destroying our economy
"the 2014 irs filings for the clinton foundation have been released and the numbers are absolutely sickening. out of $91.3 million spent in 2014
"many americans are suspicious of he mayor of london
"hillary clinton ally david brock is offering to pay for new information on donald trump
 
" hillary is guilty as hell; she is without question the godmother of birtherism. and our media is without question a left-wing pack of degenerate liars and cover-up artists.    john noltethe birther movement came under new scrutiny friday as a reporter accused sidney blumenthal of spreading the malicious rumor during the 2008 campaign
"remember when mooch thought having #crookedhillary back in the white house wasn t in the best interest of our nation? yeah neither does she. maybe someone should remind her as she hits the campaign trail to drum up support from black female voters. i wonder if anyone is gonna miss this racist freeloader and her regular attacks on anyone whose last name isn t obama? we sure aren t going to miss 5-star mooch
"for just a little over four months
"what happens when hillary s poll numbers take a nose-dive after she s caught having convulsions in a  press-free  zone
"a total of 205 clinton foundation donors whose corporations and foundations collectively contributed $216 million since 2009
"dr. milton wolf seems to have take offense at the diagnosis of hillary clinton. he states in no uncertain terms that  non-contagious bacterial pneumonia  does not even exist. his argument can be supported by the fact that if that was indeed what she had then why the antibiotics that supposedly don t help with bacterial type infections.you may remember dr. wolf from stories of him being obama s second cousin. he has been featured on a few mainstream media shows to discuss many different things form his familial ties to obama to his campaign for kansas state senate in 2014.these screen captures are from his recent tweets concerning hillary and her supposed diagnosis.is it possible that hillary
"hillary pretends to care about the black community. if she cared so much
"hillary clinton has said a lot of things that stick deep in the craw of honest
"after general powell s email server was hacked it seems that hillary and trump were not the only ones he attacked with insults and nasty rhetoric.powell went after retired lt. gen. michael flynn
 joins kaepernick’s “disrespect the american flag” movement [video]"
"wow that s gonna leave a mark!when she s not being arrested for defacing public property
"in the end it really all comes down to character. who can you trust? who will look at you with a straight face and tell you what you want to hear
 
"trump is such a good sport. it s no wonder he relates to so many people in so many different walks of life. he s not afraid to be the butt of a joke and he always seems to genuinely enjoy having fun in spontaneous situations. it s refreshing to not have to watch a polished politician carefully measuring every action
"scholar and journalist heather mac donald toiled away early on in her career at liberal enclaves
 
"donald trump can be a stickler for things that seem to be weighted to benefit  the other guy  so to speak
"19 year old native british man
"even the democrat ministers can t help themselves from shutting down anyone that would dare to come into their city with an (r) after their name. and people ask why republicans don t do more outreach in minority communities. these people are clearly not throwing out the welcome mat for the man who will likely be our next president of the united states. wouldn t it have been refreshing to see this minister embrace donald trump s message of jobs for citizens and of hope for broken communities that have been ignored by democrat ruled cities for decades? the minister of a methodist church made national headlines after she scolded donald trump for injecting politics into a campaign stop.the rev. faith green timmons came on stage and stopped trump in the middle of his remarks at bethel united methodist church.watch:she told him to stay focused on the water crisis and not hillary clinton. i invited you here to thank us for what we ve done in flint
 the cars are made in mexico and you can’t drink the water in flint”"
"who knew
 
 not transformational…with a husband who’s still d#*king bimbos at home”"
"in an ironic twist of politics barack obama has decided it would be wise to jump from his regular day job and hit the campaign trail for hillary as she takes a  break from campaigning due to her diagnosis of pneumonia.  he said at a pennsylvania dem rally
 
"hillary s all about protecting women who are victims of rape unless of course her husband is the accused rapist in her first extensive interview in over a decade
 jobless
"the hacker guccifer 2.0 released more dnc e-mails overnight and they are really telling. we reported last night on the reason guccifer released the e-mails:breaking: more hacked e-mails from dnc released by a vengeful guccifercorruption and pay to play runs rampant with this white house federal positions were given to the highest donors as you ll see below:this is obviously a partial list but it gives you an idea of what s going on here. a few more below: the hacked documents contained detailed lists of 100
"does anyone even care that this american man was picked out of thin air to be used as a scape goat to cover for hillary s incompetence? one day he s an innocent man making third rate videos and posting them on youtube
this is the some stiff dancing rick perry does his best on dancing with the stars but it s just awkward 
"so much for  the most transparent administration in history because the step-daughter of theresa heinz-kerry
"it s not the first time that the name of vladimir putin has been brought up in the us presidential campaign
" little miss sunshine  has fooled a lot of people over the years into believing her she was just some innocuous
"hillary clinton s campaign charged up to a hundred thousand dollars for fundraisers in l.a. she may well not attend.it s a big deal   the rich and famous were expecting to rub elbows with hillary at seth macfarlane s home. there was also an  intimate dinner with hillary  at billionaire barry diller s estate. for lunch at the  family guy  creator s pad   donations start at $5k   $10k gets you  co-host  status with preferred seating   and for a whopping $33
" the disgraceful behavior of multi-millionaire nfl players continued last night during the national anthem. players took a knee while others raised their fist.these pictures are all you need to see to make you boycott the nfl!squandering the goodwill of fans by doing things like this will be the death of the nfl. fans of all races support the teams year after year with their hard earned dollars only to see a sideshow of divisiveness like the sideline display above. these players have a job to do and part of that job is to behave like a team. they ve been taught that from pee wee football on up. the old adage that there s no i in team still holds true for football and it should for america. how can we move forward together to make america better if we re so stuck in victimhood. everyone has their cross to bear and some wrong they wish to right. every race and culture could reach back and be angry about something. the big question to the black community is when is it time to move on? when will you take responsibility for some of the wrongs in your community? until you do so
"after months of speculation about hillary s poor health
"this should come as a surprise to no one yesterday was the 15th anniversary of the worst terror attack in history
 
"bill clinton somehow seems to sabotage hillary quite frequently. it s kind of funny but she s probably not too happy with bill. in an interview with charlie rose
"the la times reported yesterday that hillary clinton s campaign manager was sure she didn t faint but just  stumbled  as she was getting into the van to leave the 9/11 ceremony. does any of the video that s been plastered everywhere look like she just stumbled? it s more than that for sure!flash forward to clinton s campaign manager s interview with kate snow and you see a pattern here of covering up and lying about why clinton has been ill for so long. check out the back and forth with kate snow and robbie mook:after clinton was seen falling into a van after attending a 9/11 memorial sunday morning
"does anyone else find it ironic that black multi-millionaire athletes are protesting oppression in america after 8 years of our first black president?how much courage does it take for these multi-millionaire athletes to stand in protest against the flag our us military members defend with their lives every day? members of our armed forces are making between $17
"this is how coddled kids who have never had to deal with losing an innocent family member
 expose newborn grandchildren? [video]"
 let’s have at it” [video]"
 
 secret service forced to lift her into van"
"hillary clinton 9/11 nyc pic.twitter.com/q9ynsjtxss  zdenek gazda (@zgazda66) september 11
"we re still waiting for the nfl to make a statement about the disrespectful protests by multi-millionaire players who plan to protest an  oppressive  america and the cops who defend the stadiums
 big money ties between fbi director james comey and #crookedhillary clinton are revealed"
"did hillary forget about her  deplorable  supporters who beat innocent trump supporters bloody at one rally after another only a few months ago? but we are the #basketofdeplorables? share this. because we aren't! pic.twitter.com/vrn2gqiyzo  black women 4 trump (@tallahfortrump) september 10
"here s the video clip that captured hillary insulting and  writing off nearly half the country. and here s mitt romney s comments at a private event that was secretly recorded. many will argue that his  47% of obama supporters are entitled  comment helped to sink his candidacy. we actually think romney was unfairly targeted for these comments
 
 
 the klan has always been a democratic organization”[video]"
" i know there are only 60 days left to make our case and don t get complacent
 could her rapist husband become a de facto president?"
 
 
 fl rally: “the citizens of this country will be in charge once more.” [transcript and video]"
"the obama s have convinced black communities across america they are victims. it s true they are victims
"the way trump is packing in thousands of supporters at every rally in every state he visits
"the arrogance of bill clinton is astounding. while addressing a crowd of hillary supporters in pennsylvania
"about a month ago
oops! in 2008 bill clinton said the same thing  make america great again : 
 not violence or freebies to make a better life [video]"
these images were all taken from a facebook page dedicated to capturing death threats against donald trump. i thought i had seen everything until i came upon this page. the lack of value these (mostly) young people place on the sanctity of life is stunning. how many of these people do you think have been visited by the fbi? how many of these common thugs have been arrested? what if there was a facebook page exposing the death threats made against hillary? do you think it would have been all over the news?               all of these images and the video below can be found on the operation mogul fury facebook page. we commend this person for their hard work in uncovering these vile threat spread out across so many social media accounts.
"iran may have received an additional $33.6 billion in secret cash and gold payments facilitated by the obama administration between 2014 and 2016
 
"and now a message of peace and unity from one of our neighbors to the south:  we
"libertarian presidential candidate gary johnson was asked by msnbc host mike barnacle
"president obama is clearly not quite ready to go  gentle into that good night.  as he moves towards the end of his second term as president of the united states
"she never does things the way the rest of us do. she s always got an angle she s always got a way around doing things the way the  everyday people  she claims she represents do them. how can any female  say that lying
"the top democrat on the house committee investigating democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton s use of a private email system released an email exchange wednesday between former secretary of state colin powell and clinton in which he advised her on circumventing state department servers.the exchange between clinton and powell
"make america conservative again. there really isn t any downside it might be time to rethink the millennial voter.a new paper suggests that americans are more politically polarized now than they ve been in the past 46 years
"john lester: as a naval flight officer i held the top secret sensitive compartmentalized information clearance. and that provided me access with materials and information highly sensitive to our war fighting capabilities. had i communicated this information not following the prescribed protocols i would have been prosecuted and imprisoned. secretary clinton
"this is how the unions do things in america. is this where you want your money invested? bernie sanders must be so happy to have endorsed #crookedhillary it s okay to keep the money train flowing into hillary campaign coffers
 
 there are many  c  words for hillary but  competent  is not one of them .ouch! 
"7% of americans actually claim they ll vote for leftist candidate and faux libertarian
 as if he’s an arm of the clinton campaign” [video]"
 
 not white people or cops are keeping blacks down"
"you know the left has won when communism replaces education a freshman tentatively raises her hand and takes the microphone.  i m really scared to ask this
"hillary was seen passing up a bottle of water in the midst of another one of her coughing fits in front of her press cheerleaders on her new campaign plane yesterday. passing up a bottle of water in the middle of a coughing fit would seem strange
"am i the only one who feels like i m living in the  twilight zone  when i hear nancy pelosi begin a discussion about a certain threat to our national security by saying
"every american needs to consider this new evidence about hillary and how her campaign is helping to hide her poor health from voters unless of course
"president barack obama pledged $90 million ( 67 million) on tuesday to help laos recover millions of unexploded bombs secretly dropped there by us planes during the vietnam war
 
"about a month ago
"my kids draw bigger crowds at their neighborhood lemonade stands! from gp: she [hillary] will speak at luke easter park at 1:00 pm et.hillary is speaking at the park in 25 minutes with her vice presidential running mate tim kaine.so far only a couple hundred supporters have turned out to see her.crowd waiting for hillary clinton and tim kaine at luke easter park in cleveland. pic.twitter.com/b8qmtggcxn  tom troy (@tomftroy) september 5
 5 cruz supporters tried to fire her from organization she founded for supporting trump"
”son of a bitch”…china makes him exit “ass” of air force one…putin has tense meeting with him [video]"
"besides trump
 
a closer look   please listen to the way she spins trump s words ridiculous!and then on the plane! she had to stop speaking and leave the press:
 
"wow! these are not good numbers for hillary in states where democrats have been winning for decades!heading to youngstown
"happy labor day! today is a day to celebrate working americans and the contribution they make to our nation and to its prosperity. it s also a great time to consider what obama has done to help americans get jobs
"when obama had the opportunity to speak out against 49er s quarterback colin kaepernick s disrespect for our flag
 anti-gun
 
"from the abc news report:hillary clinton  will hold press conferences  as president
"wow! this video really shows how the media covers for hillary
but the media s concerned trump is the threat to our national security with his  reckless words.  lol!watch #unfithillary threaten russia here:
"dear san francisco police union: we wanted you to know that if you decide to boycott the 49er s
 
"9-11 is a distant memory for liberals george washington university has hired a former islamic extremist to work at its center on homeland security   a man who once denounced the united states and made threats against the creators of the tv series  south park  for depicting the prophet muhammad in a bear suit.while reformed extremists have worked at universities in europe to help fight terrorism
"finally
 faith"
"donald trump just delivered a humble and heartfelt speech in detroit. s been bashed on social media all day for his visit. hillary s thugs were out in force because they re shaking in their boots that trump might win. the people deserve better and hopefully they ll wake up and break free of doing the same thing they ve done for decades. detroit needs someone like trump!doing the same thing over and over   the definition of insanity:i m protesting #trumpindetroit pic.twitter.com/uucwlm4ak8  madamecain (@madamecain) september 3
" if the hierarchy within the republican party loses an election to democrats it s only a lost election; they are still there
" i thought it would be easier to carry just one device for my work and for my personal emails instead of two. just the kind of person we need running our country a lying
donald trump is visiting detroit to promote his agenda of helping the black community. our good friend and awesome patriot wayne bradley has been working in the inner city republican office for over two years in an effort to reach out to the black community. patty and i can t say enough great things about wayne bradley and his desire to succeed with the republican party in michigan in 2016 and beyond. his hard work might be paying off trump 2016! wayne bradley on fox news: 
"it s funny how things work out the fbi scapegoats hillary s crimes by using the excuse of her concussion
" hang-on
 
"the left is not able to get away with shaming conservatives as easily as they were in the past. outspoken conservative gop presidential candidates like donald trump
"dirty
"kudos to catholics4trump for providing evidence that the story hillary and her comrades in the media have been telling american voters for months about trump mocking a disabled man was nothing more than an opportunity for them to fabricate a story about trump
"is anyone else sick to death of the bias on fox news? the supposed  fair and balanced  channel has shown its true colors lately. the hate for trump is palpable if you ve been watching as much as we have
 wisconsin
"does anyone else get the sense biden was picked to be the vp just to make obama look smart?vice president joe biden remarked at a hillary clinton campaign event thursday that it s  ok sometimes  to be an uninformed guy who  has no idea what the hell he s talking about. biden
has anyone else out there seen this commercial? it comes on about every hour in my town. i knew something about this was wrong and now we know it s false if you care about a candidate with a dirty mouth then what about hillary s  dirty hands ? i choose the candidate who s honest and not canned. we re all adults here and this commercial is a desperate attempt to make trump look bad. it fails! 
"we re not sure who s doing the polling in america
"one thing we ve noticed is that trump has surrounded himself with great people who have a wealth of knowledge about the border and immigration. senator jeff sessions is one of those people. he s been an advocate for closing our borders for quite some time. sessions and so many others must have really schooled trump well on the border. the speech last night was dead on and full of great ideas. a new proposal has come up and is a brilliant idea. it s just being considered but the idea of using seized assets from drug cartels something to think about since $8.7 billion was brought in just last year from seized assets. that could pay for the wall in one year to fund construction of a new u.s. border wall
 she
" how in the heck does the rnc keep getting themselves into this mess? they always have awful liberal political hacks as moderators of the debates! anyone remember candy crowley and her effort to prop up obama in a 2012 debate? she basically saved his ass! does the republican party not think that lauer will do the same for his friend hillary? how dumb can you get!nbc s matt lauer
"in january 2015 a group of haitians surrounded the new york offices of the clinton foundation. they chanted slogans
"donald trump flew in an unmarked jet to a meeting with mexican president enrique pena nieto wednesday. the meeting was hastily put together but we give huge credit to trump for making the effort. hillary chose to troll trump. trump laid out his 5-step plan to improve relations with mexico
 
 but don’t let them come in large groups…”do not say ‘all lives matter!”"
"while trump works like crazy to win your vote
"it s easy to see why this letter went viral. bravo officer chris amos bravo!an open letter to colin kaepernick
 rudy giuliani
"based on the number of supporters trump is drawing at his florida rallies
 cruz (hillary) supporters run ads against trump in swing states [video]"
"john kerry decided to reveal how he truly feels about the danger of terrorism in other words
"she s the most crooked criminal to ever seek the office of president of the united states. the state department says about 30 emails that may be related to the 2012 attack on u.s. compounds in benghazi
"anyone who s paying attention to the stunning final acts by this president should not be shocked by this potential threat to the world s freedom of speech. he is anything but a  lame duck the united states could give control of one of the internet s underlying systems to the united nations after pledging not to
"the imperial presidency continues against the constitution: the constitution provides that the president  shall have power
 minorities into corporate america"
" it s easy to blame the  white man that way
 my lungs are without air
"hillary would like american voters to believe the  alt-right  media (new nickname for media who s not afraid to  out  her and the clinton crime family) is out to get her and they would be correct. hillary and bill have been given a pass by the mainstream media for decades. thanks to alternative media sources
"remember the muslim couple that appeared at the dnc as a gold star family? remember how they bashed donald trump for wanting to keep our nation safe from terrorists? yes
"here s just one more piece to the puzzle hillary was able to delete the money trail with bleach bit the owner of bleachbit was tipped off that his product was used by clinton when trey gowdy mentioned it in a tv interview:  gowdy said clinton s emails had been so thoroughly scrubbed that  even god can t read them. how transparent of her!bleachbit s creator says hillary may have chosen that program to scrub emails because it doesn t leave a  money trail .hillary clinton s decision to use bleachbit to scrub her private email server could have been based on the fact that the free software can be downloaded and used with complete anonymity
"huma abedin announced she is dumping her sexting hubby anthony weiner
"update: anthony weiner just deleted his twitter account after the photos and tweets were published. is this guy bill clinton s twin separated at birth or what? both of these men are just total pervs! weiner resigned from congress over his last escapade with sexting women. this time weiner is even more disgusting in his messages to a beautiful brunette. he brags about his manhood and even says: i d put someone s eye out with this thing. this is baby-sitting   anthony weiner-style.while his wife
"san fransisco 49er s quarterback colin kaepernick refused to stand during the national anthem during a recent nfl football game. he claimed he would no longer stand for a flag that represents a country who oppresses blacks. does he even know what  oppression  is?1). kaepernick coincidentally converted to islam only two months ago.2). he is engaged to nessa diab
"it s a federal offense to threaten a presidential candidate. but is it a federal offense if the candidate is donald trump? would the media cover this story if a bar owner suggested a well-known attempted assassin kill hillary? is it a clever joke or a threat? maybe a little bit of both? a sign outside a bar is turning a lot of heads.the message is political and timely and if you understand the context
 we’re not kidding!"
"wow! america is hungry for a real leader. america
"four men saw this man wearing a donald trump  make america great again  hat inside of a store
 ohio…this is diversity! [video]"
"after watching this video
"donald trump has been crucified by the leftist mainstream media
"fans of #crookedhillary are not going to like this wikileaks founder julian assange has said that the information they have on donald trump is not  more controversial material than what comes out of donald trump s mouth every second day.   we do have some information about the republican campaign
"an electrical contractor wrote to the 54-year-old host of  dirty jobs  to say that he finds it offensive when the media constantly refers to majority of the republican nominee s supporters as  uneducated white men. if the media is referring to trump supporters who happen to be male caucasians suffering from a lack of knowledge brought about by an absence of formal or practical instruction
"this woman should be in a jail cell not sitting around laughing and opening pickle jars on the jimmy fallon show. judicial watch s release this week of 725 pages of state department emails involving hillary clinton aide huma abedin demonstrates the obama administration considers a large percentage of the emails sent through clinton s private server too sensitive for congress or the american public to read.of the 725 pages
"apparently
"censorship is alive and well in obama s america dcleaks
999
 other trump supporters spit on
"megyn:  what about tim allen? you re one of the few conservatives in hollywood. you re out of the closet as a conservative. who do you like for president? megyn:  what about hillary clinton? tim allen:  all my staff
"get to know this woman! maria espinoza founded the remembrance project. it s an organization of families of people who ve been killed by illegal aliens. they want to call attention to the open borders and what happens when you allow anyone and everyone to cross our border. can you imagine one of you family members being killed by someone who isn t even a legal citizen? maria and other members of the remembrance project have connected with donald trump who s very sympathetic to their mission. is hillary even aware of this? i think not. trump wants to enforce our laws to close the border!trump surrogate maria espinoza said that donald j. trump will  uphold current laws  and  place americans first
"our government is officially in the pocket of the global elitists who will do anything  to elect a total crook! the state department just announced they won t release clinton schedules until after the election. the stonewalling has been going on for way too long. this move could backfire on the democrats and win votes for trump. foolish!washington (ap)   seven months after a federal judge ordered the state department to begin releasing monthly batches of the detailed daily schedules showing meetings by hillary clinton during her time as secretary of state
"maine governor paul lepage calls out a liberal liar in a big way! listen to this!after a series of questionable comments put him back in the spotlight
 coughing fits
"millennial propaganda tool for the democrat party
"freedom of speech is not a universally accepted right
"another stunning cover-up for #unfit hillary by her most committed media cheerleader one week ago
"if you need more proof that the clinton foundation was a pay to play operation here it is! executives from estee lauder got face time with clinton once they donated millions to the clinton foundation. the left is trying to say that you can t prove a connection but anyone with half a brain would be able to put two and two together. the prince of bahrain tried repeatedly to meet with hillary clinton but only after donating $32 million to the clinton foundation did he get a meeting.est e lauder executive nancy mahon was appointed to a government council and received special government employee status after donating to the clinton foundation while hillary clinton was secretary of state.executives at est e lauder were among those who got face time with secretary clinton after they donated to the clinton foundation
 michigan – home of largest muslim population in us"
"hillary clinton delivered a disgusting speech today claiming that trump supporters are racists. we have a response you ll love our video response to the racist and disgusting #hillaryinreno speech earlier today. #altrightmeans decency.  rep. steven smith (@repstevensmith) august 25
"hillary clinton is bending over backwards to convince american voters that donald trump is a  racist  because a white supremacist and a kkk member said they plan to vote for him. ]who eulogized kkk leader
hillary clinton tried to say everyone supporting trump is a racist she got a huge push back from online comments and dislikes for the event-check out the comments on youtube too: there s your poll!a sampling of the remarks: go to youtube if you want to see or comment on the video: this is priceless!
 golf take priority over our vets: 76 yr old vet kills himself in va parking lot after er allegedly denied appointment with doctor for mental problems"
"trey gowdy rips into the clinton case of using a private e-mail  for convenience when you are habitual
"someone should find out if hillary supporter
"how careless are these people? clinton s right-hand-woman was tossing documents in the back of a staff car! these documents were considered  burn bag  material which means they were classified! is this carelessness a sign of the clinton attitude of being above it all or was abedin just not aware of the seriousness of her actions?hillary clinton s most trusted state department aide huma abedin once left classified papers in the pocket behind the front seat of a staff car she was assigned in india
donald trump is the law and order candidate but it appears as though hillary clinton doesn t want the endorsement of the largest police officers union 
"the nfl was able to take a stand when it comes to the cowboys attempt to honoring slain police officers in their hometown
"the huge increase in price of the epipen is causing a controversy on capitol hill with cries fro an investigation into the spike in price. the ceo of the company is the daughter of a democrat senator how strange is that! the ironic thing is she s blaming the hike in cost on obamacare charleston
"unless the democrats can figure out a way to effectively steal the vote from millions
"harry reid s disrespectful comments are just another example of a leftist democrat who puts politics before honor every time.sen. harry reid is fighting back against claims that hillary clinton was responsible for the deaths of four americans in benghazi
thank you lou dobbs! he s been dead on this entire election process with his honest commentary. he called out the  sorry bunch  of republican leaders saying they are so jealous of trump that they would let a corrupt person like hillary be president. so true! 
"hillary and bill clinton knew when hillary lost in 2008 to obama that she would run again so why the heck did they keep doing the pay to play scam throughout the past 8 years? greed! it s simply greed and thinking they are above the law. the elitists like the clintons need to be taken down because they put americans last and their own greed first. hillary clinton took money from middle eastern nations that do not have the best interests of the us at heart. what kind of secretary of state sells out her own country? and people are actually supporting her for president? unreal!  washington dc   hillary clinton s national finance director has emerged in newly released emails as what one watchdog called the  middle  man between her state department and family foundation
hillary clinton wearing a grill cover? what is that? that is cher in the foreground but i have no clue what hillary is wearing  is michelle obama also wearing a tablecloth she got from nantucket? 
"what a role model for mothers in america or at least for the ones who have fake names for their daughters when they use private servers to cover up their corrupt behavior wikileaks found 67 emails between hillary clinton and daughter chelsea under her fake name
"the clintons are afraid of the truth so be it! if a special prosecutor is brought in to investigate them then that would be fine
"when the majority of students
"university of michigan is located in ann arbor
 you saved my life” [video]"
 free market provide much needed help for total strangers in la flood"
" the democratic presidential nominee is in the midst of a multiday
"they had no basis for publishing their article and yet they published anyway. this is journalistic malpractice at its finest:from the daily mail: the book makes a number of unpleasant claims   such as one that a modeling agency melania worked for in milan before moving to new york was  something like a gentleman s club .the claims are all unsubstantiated and the mail could find no trace of the book s author
 vince foster disappear from national archives"
"if you believe this excuse
the video below is a great snapshot of what was going on with the clinton foundation and huge donors from all over the world. hillary treated the state department like an arm of the clinton foundation 
"hillary clinton adviser philippe reines at the state department contacted the nfl commissioner in 2012 to inquire about severe head injuries.hillary clinton thanked reines and added
"terry mcauliffe is a huge friend of the clintons and is doing something so ridiculously wrong to help hillary win virginia it s how these people operate remember green tech? well
"thanks to judicial watch for exposing the clinton grifters for who they really are con artists! hillary wouldn t see the prince via regular channels but once he donated the money she met with him!newly released department of state documents reveal that the crown prince of bahrain was given an audience with then-secretary of state hillary clinton after he donated $32 million to her foundation.the documents
" to be honest with you what donald trump is saying is factual. again he may not address it in a manner that makes everyone happy but donald trump is being donald trump. that speaking from the heart and not being politically correct but really just getting the truth out there. under hillary clinton black lives really don t matter
"trump supporters chanted at the press before a trump rally in fredericksburg
"stephen moore has been a regular contributor to fox news and is now a trump campaign economic adviser. he recently debated the most liberal hack economist on the planet and kicked his a$$:watch lying liberal economist get hammered by trump s economic advisor [video]he questions the  republican turncoats  on what they re doing to the conservative movement by not supporting trump:i asked a successful businessman the other day what he thought about donald trump. he turned his thumb down. wow. are you going to vote for hillary? i asked with trepidation.  of course not
 this state is nothing”…west virginia coal miners speak out…support trump"
"mike rowe of discovery channel s show dirty jobs  took to facebook to answer a fan s request to  encourage your huge following to go out and vote this election. jeremy schneider writes hey mike
"huma abedin is no champion for female equality with her record of working closely with a radical muslim journal. her family is known to be connected to some shady characters in the muslim world but this hits home:hillary clinton s top campaign aide
the truth is what you get with this judge! we love her! judge jeanine rips into the democrats:
 guards…and now private street for ny house"
this is great! the cnn anchor tries to put words in the mouth of the louisiana governor but it totally backfires!
"god family
"for anyone who s paying attention
 al qaeda or muslim brotherhood"
jerry l washington asked the obvious question:  where s the black panthers and black lives matter organizations at now??? i haven t seen not 1  also please leave a donation so we can help as many families as we can who has lost everything. gofundme.com/2khyfguc 
 table
"the left showed its true colors last night with serious violence and anti-american flag burning. donald trump held a fundraiser at the minneapolis convention center that began and ended with violence and destruction. these people must not understand that punching people and burning american flags wins you zero support.it s one thing to be on opposite sides of an issue and opposite parties but this is shameful and hateful behavior by hillary s henchmen.protesters blocked the entrance hoping trump couldn t get in: then during the trump fundraiser in minneapolis
"bill bennett has been the voice of reason for conservatives so it was incredibly important when he finally spoke out against the #nevertrump crowd. bennett is like the quiet uncle who doesn t say much but when he does everyone listens because we know it s gonna be meaningful and right on target this statement is no exception:  there are a lot of people in the middle and there are still undecided people. he does not need to speak to the #nevertrumpers
"a new donald trump commercial hits hillary clinton on her immigration policy but can you guess whose voice it is? in hillary clinton s america
"you probably guessed it..he gave a line of total bs about how he would not take vacations if elected   the bargain that any president strikes with is
"we know where obama s been and what he s doing for crying out loud but jeh johnson thinks americans don t have tv s or computers to see the news. obama has played golf every day for 9 days! you d think he could get his a$$ down to louisiana to visit the flood victims! he s just too busy? lame!homeland security secretary jeh johnson visited louisiana yesterday to reassure local officials and citizens in the state that president obama cared about the victims of the devastating floods.when asked by reporters during a press conference if president barack obama would take time from his vacation to visit the state
"donald trump made the effort to visit the flood victims in louisiana while obama golfed and hillary slept who s looking presidential now?donald trump toured the flood areas in louisiana today where he was greeted by grateful flood victims:  we knew you d be here! watch: crowd praises trump for visiting louisiana; ""we knew you'd be here!""   abc news politics (@abcpolitics) august 19
"hillary clinton and her aides must have felt like  mandatory  didn t apply to them they were obviously reminded several times about the ethics training they were required to take but chose to ignore it. not that it would have helped these corrupt people the state department has no evidence showing hillary clinton or the majority of her top aides at the department complied with mandatory ethics training. mcclatchy reports newly released documents show just three of clinton s aides took the required training:state department records show only three of nine top clinton aides took the mandated training for new employees. records also suggest that none of seven top aides required to take subsequent annual training completed it.no records indicate whether clinton herself took any training. the republican national committee made an foia request for the documents last december. when the state department did not respond within the 90-day deadline
"hillary clinton is a planned parenthood s champion. she was greeted like a rock star at the planned parenthood action fund event in june
"this is a great story for anyone who doesn t understand the power one liberal judge can wield from the bench. u.s. district judge robart
 it sounds pretty good to me maybe they think they can stand behind the armed americans. they obviously haven t picked up a history book. scary! 
"barack obama is above the law his daughter is above the law their friends are above the law chicago politics at its finest.smoking pot and twerking at lollapalooza are the least of malia obama s problems after it was just discovered who her male friend is. her right-hand man who was seen partying by her side and taking drags off her joint isn t exactly the person you would want your daughter hanging out with
"pandering hillary just took a yuge hit!republican donald trump is surging with african american voters and gaining more support from latino voters than mitt romney and john mccain.the latest la times daybreak poll has hillary up by just six-tenths of a point.trump is surging with black voters and doing better with latino voters than romney or mccain.in the last ten presidential election cycles the highest black vote share for a republican was 12% for bob dole in 1996. trump has 14.6% of the black vote in today s la times poll.here are just a few examples of support for trump from the black and hispanic community:black votes matter that's why people are leaving the democratic plantation of chains! #selfmade #trump2016 voters pic.twitter.com/lnqjlvswf9  florida street team (@chatrevolve) august 15
nice try but it s obvious tim kaine is covering for hillary s lack of trustworthiness  
"as progressivism gets more of a stronghold in america
"vice presidential candidate tim kaine has some explaining to do! it sure looks like he sold his soul to the clintons to run as vice president. he had a totally different view of bill clinton in 2002 and stated he thought bill should have stepped down during the monica lewinsky sex scandal. the lack of integrity and lack of respect for the office that bill clinton held should be enough for any democrat to not want him anywhere near the white house again. clinton shook his finger as he looked in the camera and lied  to the american people about his disgusting affair with a white house intern. does anyone care to recall that this was a huge deal and now his enabling wife is running for president! this all seems so impossible but the press
"no one understands the dirty democrat underbelly better than stephen k. bannon. he s been in the trenches fighting with the underdog conservative movement for years. he was a close friend of andrew breitbart s and he understands better than anyone what we re really up against with hillary and how the left will stop at nothing to win. trump didn t need another go-along to get-along rino as his ceo. the new york times described bannon today as a  media firebrand.  he needed someone who doesn t think voter fraud is some made up right-wing conspiracy. bannon s studied the occupy movement
"hillary can t even find this many supporters to attend her rallies in the us! biden shouldn t have expected anything less from a majority christian nation overrun by mostly muslim  refugees the welcoming committee in belgrade
 afghanistan and rwanda"
"listening to zeke emanuel
"the truth in the information below is so dead on! we re putting foreigners before americans by brining in over 1 million every year! did you know that we have a diversity lottery every year where we allow 50 thousand people to come to the us for no other reason than diversity. we cannot keep doing this! something has to give in our government s effort to flood us with third worlders here s the story of just one city in america that s the result of mass migration:anticipating strong population growth
donald trump gave a rousing speech in wisconsin last night that should be considered a turning point in his campaign. it was fantastic! he delivered a speech about law and order but mostly about americans coming together to do better and offered a sincere plea to the black voter. well done! 
"didn t america have to suffer through a high profile perjury case for another clinton not so many years ago? oh yeah that was bill clinton who was actually impeached for lying to a grand jury. is there a more corrupt
"maybe it s the commonality they share with trump
crooked lying hillary 
"does anyone else get the sense hillary is not quite as popular with americans as the media would like us to believe? she can barely fill a phone booth with supporters at her rallies and the activity with her social media accounts pale in comparison to donald trump s. will the media be able to convince enough americans that voters actually like or trust hillary by november? flashback to 2014
osama bin laden s bodyguard and 14 other terrorists were released to the uae today more insanity from obama!
 assistant was catholic…takes days to id religion of muslims who commit acts of terror in us [video]"
the milwaukee riots provided an opportunity for thugs to ransack and destroy small businesses in their own community unreal! a longer version of the looting: 
"obama hosted a fundraiser for a bunch of wealthy donors on martha s vineyard this week while riots and flooding devastate two cities. no mention of either situation in obama s speech but obama had time to take a swipe at hillary clinton s opponent in the presidential race. obama said he s sick of talking about trump  and went on to praise clinton  great job  as secretary of state. what a joke! the funniest line of the night from obama had to be this:obama said clinton is  not always the flashiest  but she is  the person who s going to do the work. headlining a democratic fundraiser while vacationing on martha s vineyard
"remember the criticism george w. bush received for not doing enough for residents of louisiana after the horrible floods caused by hurricane katrina? could you imagine the feeding frenzy by the media would have had if bush declared a state of emergency and then went golfing? the media s double standard for our organizer in chief compared to the criticism of gw bush is beyond the pale president barack obama declared louisiana was in a state of disaster on sunday after a historic flood left at least five people dead
are you kidding me? this is the guy in charge of our nuclear codes? joe biden points out the guy who has the nuclear codes and then has the balls to claim that trump couldn t handle them! 
"#unfit hillary spoke to another small crowd today in scranton
"like we didn t know this already but now we have a firm account of media efforts to bury trump. the globalists and media are having a hissy fit because the people are rising up against another term for obama on steroids. yes
"communities like ferguson
"these two campaign workers are the definition of low information voter the milwaukee rioters and thugs want to kill or beat the heck out of white people but these two brainiacs are all for it have they looked at themselves lately? yes
bravo sheriff clarke! registered democrat sheriff david clarke is the only person in a position of authority in law enforcement who is brave enough to call the black lives matter movement what it truly is. he is also one of the only black leaders in america who is willing to say why we are seeing a race war and war against cops in america today. he is truly a breath of fresh air and deserves to be applauded for his courage and dedication to truth. the idea that he s a democrat is enough to make liberal heads explode!watch his epic news conference here:
hillary clinton slips when stepping behind biden during a rally today. the dems have rolled out biden in a desperate move to help clinton. joe biden then pulls the old trick out of his bag:  we can t trust trump with the nuclear codes now that s pretty funny since hillary has pretty much sold out the country to the highest bidder. remember she sold our uranium to the russians! she left 4 americans to die in benghazi! i could go on but this is ridiculous! awkward and lingering hug between two slick politicians   joe just won t let go! lol! 
"diamond and silk light up the crowd at a trump rally in nc. they remind crooked hillary
 al-qaeda trainer"
"whenever we have a terror attack in america
"afshin rattans goes underground inside the ecuadorian embassy in london with julian assange. he talks to the founder of wikileaks
"wow! this compilation of blatant blocking for hillary is beyond embarrassing and these  journalists  should be serving time for journalistic malpractice.we all know the mainstream media is guilty of supporter the democrat candidate for president in almost every election for decades
"this is obama s america this will be his legacy. he was elected by over 90% of the black community. he promised them jobs. instead
"tyra for trump lets it rip on the biased media and tells everyone to stop listening to the lying reports on trump!spread the word! done with media! us against the media
"hillary clinton tells about funding the terrorists who would help defeat the russians   most of this is true but in typical hillary fashion she changes the story and doesn t mention reagan s strategic defense initiative. the sdi aka  star wars  was a big part in the defeat as well. you can guarantee you ll never see this video clip on the main stream media! during the 1970 s the cia used the muslim brotherhood in egypt as a barrier
"thank you dc leaks! it s about time george soros  open society organization was hacked!dc leaks had this to say about soros:george soros is a hungarian-american business magnate
"funny what happens when liberals aren t able to bully or shame someone they don t agree with the results don t read like any poll you ve seen reported in the last weeks
"dems panic in 5 4 3 2 1 donald trump s presidential campaign started recruiting  election observer  volunteers late friday
"the number of muslim registered voters is up 324
cj pierson is such a great kid! he s sending message to all the never trump crowd to think of their children and grandchildren in the coming election vote trump! 
"oh boy! this is getting good! bill clinton is now accusing the fbi of serving up a  load of bull  in the comments about the investigation into hillary s e-mails. how idiotic is it to publicly slam the fbi? i guess  slick willy  isn t so slick anymore. all we have to say about this is keep on talkin  slick willy!bill clinton is accusing the fbi director of serving up  the biggest load of bull i ve ever heard    marking the first significant public comments from the husband of the democratic nominee on the scandal that s plagued his wife s campaign for over a year. first of all
at about the 7:30 mark you  ll hear the black eyed peas song playing to get bill clinton off of the stage. what a boring speaker he s become. could someone explain what has happened to his voice? 
sheryl attkisson is a fantastic journalist who s always been one to stand up for the truth. she describes an event where a dc bureau chief told his fellow journalists to take down trump the guess of who this could be is carl bernstein  
"will hillary s health be the only thing she can t hide by lying? she s the only presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician hillary clinton stated friday that she did not know if she could even stand up because she was so exhausted during the disastrous democratic convention in philly. by the end of those two weeks that s exactly how i felt
"sociopathic liarssociopaths are defined as someone who lies continuously in an attempt to get their own way
"wow! this just keeps getting better and better! this couldn t have happened to a better person pelosi! lol!after disappearing for a couple of weeks
"the trump bashing continues a washington post columnist reviewed a fashion layout/interview ivanka trump did with harper s bazaar and totally bashed the lovely ivanka. you d think it would be somewhat middle-of-road since it s in the arts and entertainment section of the washington post. it s almost like ivanka was set up by harper s to have wapo trash the article. fyi-if you happen to subscribe to vogue
the death tax is the hard earned money you have to pass on to the government when you die. wouldn t you rather your children receive that money instead of the feds? donald trump thinks so but hillary goes full on socialist describing what she would do with trump s money when he dies. it s really disgusting! 
"the media bias in this election is over the top! cnn has certainly lived up to the name  clinton news network ! a trump supporter did what we ve all wanted to do to the press he waved his middle finger at the cnn reporter and called him a traitor woohoo!""go home! you are a traitor! i am an american patriot!"" trump supporter screams at me and other journos in pen pic.twitter.com/tg4oroq7uq  noah gray cnn (@noahgraycnn) august 12
col oliver north lists the 5 irrefutable facts that confirm that obama s policies led to the rise of isis. please watch and share! 
"dear mrs. clinton
"judge jeanine gives us facts on the relationship between our state department and the clinton foundation 12
"corporations first unfortunately
"the nfl was able to take a stand when it comes to the cowboys attempt to honoring slain police officers in their hometown
"it was announced last week that george soros was donating over $25 million to hillary s campaign. today we find out that george soros is making decisions for hillary that could affect our national security and the security of other nations worldwide.more leaked e-mails from hillary clinton during her time as secretary of state now prove that she was taking foreign policy advice from radical leftist billionaire george soros.wikileaks latest email leak shows how soros had a direct line to secretary of state hillary clinton when it came to foreign policy decisions she was tasked to act upon.how can we ever trust hillary to make important decisions that affect the national security of our nation and of foreign nations now that it has been proven she is relying on advice from major donors like the unhinged radical
"we love ap reporter matt lee! he is a lone voice in the effort to get the truth from our government the stae department spokespeople are unbelievable in their evasiveness! how do these reporters get any truth? well
"roughly 70% of states use some form of electronic voting machine. the ease with which these machines can be manipulated is stunning donald trump said this week that he fears the election will be  rigged  for hillary clinton. although he didn t specify exactly how clinton
"the information is spilling out little by little but we now know that hillary clinton put america s national security at risk when she peddled influence for money using our state department. is there any doubt that she s lived up to her name  crooked hillary ? what s even worse is that the fbi wanted to investigate the clinton foundation but obama s doj blocked the investigation. this is exactly why an outsider like donald trump is what we need asap!the trump campaign seized on reports thursday that the obama administration rejected requests from three fbi field offices that wanted to open public corruption cases involving the clinton foundation and democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton. after banks alerted the field offices to suspicious activity involving the clinton family charity
"donald trump is so funny! he was speaking at a national association of home builders and made these remarks about hillary s health:  she s voted for tax increases
a feminist supporter of hillary clinton was on cnn to give her commentary on the orlando terrorist s father being in the crowd at a clinton rally. she goes ballistic when called out by a trump spokesperson it s pretty crazyand priceless! 
"donald trump was clearly on to something when he said we need to stop allowing unvetted refugees into our country until we get the refugee situation under control twin falls
"in nbc s attempt to discredit trump
"for anyone who thinks trump s comments have crossed over the line
prison planet s paul joseph watson does a masterful job of laying out hillary clinton s history with muslims not good! 
"don t mess with daddy s little girl! ivanka trump is nobody s fool and she is clearly not about to allow the media to define her father as someone he is not he beat 16 incredibly capable
bravo! it s about time some of the conservatives shot back (no pun intended) at the liberal pundits who re doing everything they can to bury trump. it s gotten so out of hand! dan bongino goes at it with don lemon awesome! 
"haha! no
"nothing good can come out of a protest over a thug who was shot to death by a cop defending his own life in a town that was ravaged
 cuba
"that hillary
"rudy is the best! he stays on message and was there when the trump speech and comment happened. based rudy: rudy giuliani on hillary's campaign inviting omar mateen's father and msm's orchestrated narrative pic.twitter.com/k94fbotmwa  viktor fiel (@viktorfiel) august 10
"dan rather just released a facebook post that s so full of bs that it stinks to high heaven! please feel free to go on over to his page and let him have it: dan ratherour lefty media hacks are coming out of the woodwork to try and bash donald trump. it s unbelievable and unprecedented: disgraced former cbs news anchor dan rather is out with a haughty statement on facebook
a video from a chicago concert may show malia obama smoking a joint is she following in her father s footsteps? she was also seen pulling her dress up and twerking at the same concert: malia obama flashes her booty in front of huge crowd at chicago concert
"she is the only presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician. she s been having  brain freezes  and admits to  short-circuiting  and video footage captures her
"feel the bern of a lot of gullible young people who were fed a big line of bullsh*t socialist senator bernie sanders (vt) is the proud new owner of a summer home in the champlain islands
000 reward for info leading to killer [video]"
"if you ve never heard betsy mccaughey speak   you re in for a treat! she was one of the most outspoken and honest people warning us about obamacare. she actually read the entire bill and then picked it apart. she s smart and very straightforward. now
"huma abedin is hillary s  bad cop  and is exposed as a scheming supporter of hillary in the just released e-mails by judicial watch:another 296 pages of hillary clinton s emails were released tuesday   exposing key clinton aides doing favors for billionaires and
so what do you think the  transparent  hillary did when asked about a terrorist s dad being a vip guest at her rally? she ignored the questions typical! 
"donald trump has done so many things that you ll never know about because the mainstream media refuses to report on them. we just reported that he bought 400 pizzas for the jacksonville
"the audio of hillary clinton laughing about getting a child rapist a lighter sentence is pretty shocking for a couple of reasons: the accent on hillary is very different from the many other accents she s presented to the public. it s strange because she s from illinois! what the heck! check it out and tell us what you think. the other thing that s so shocking is hillary s blatant disregard for the victim in this case. it s actually really sickening to hear her speak of the 12-year old with such disregard. it s rare that we get a glimpse into the real hillary so here it is in all its glory pretty scary huh?a child rape victim says she cannot forgive hillary clinton for defending her rapist in court 40 years ago
"50 so-called  republicans  just outed themselves and will be targets for defeat! how did they do that? well
"you won t believe who was spotted in the special section behind hillary clinton at her rally yesterday in kissimmee
if you ve ever watched cspan you ll know how rare it is to get a caller who s like this guy this is priceless!
 anti-cop terror group [video]"
"will jeb
"will the state department ever tell the truth and prove that careless
"the left went nuts immediately after donald trump s speech at the detroit economic club today. the terms such as  word salad  were used by political hacks at cnn it was the usual hit job on trump. spin
"this is rich! left-leaning washington post does a hit job on hillary: just the facts are provided exposing the lies of the clinton promise to create 200
and this woman is going to try and keep up with trump? i think it s safe to say the debates are gonna be fun  
trump has been bashed by hillary for manufacturing items out of the country but it s the failed policies of past administrations that sent jobs overseas and made it very difficult for manufacturers to produce in america. the kicker to all this is that hillary bashes trump while wearing pantsuits produced all over the world. 
"the hillary campaign sent in numerous hecklers and protesters today to disrupt donald trump s economic speech in detroit. democrats think detroit is just fine. after about the 10th protester donald trump mocked the hillary hecklers
"what in the world has become of the democrat party? hillary snubs the largest police union in america and then her vp candidate promotes black lives matter in his speech to the urban league. is the democrat party the new party of lawlessness? rudy giuliani weighs in on this and jumps all over hillary:rudy giuliani joined the  fox and friends weekend  co-hosts today to react to the revelation that hillary clinton has  snubbed  the largest police union in the country.giuliani said the fact that clinton isn t seeking the endorsement of the national fraternal order of police is indicative of a shift among democrats. the democratic party has become an anti-law enforcement party
"donald trump is making a key speech on the economy and his plan to turn it around. it might not be what liberals want but it s a pro-growth plan with deregulation and lower taxes! you gotta love that! trump has promised to unveil a new policy agenda for  revitalizing the american economy  in a speech monday at the detroit economic club. the plan will include major changes to u.s. energy policy that will make the country the biggest producer in the world of oil and gas
cnn s carol costello couldn t get the right answer out of the pro-trump and anti-clinton folks this must have driven her crazy! 
" in 1998
"tickets to the fundraiser for hillary hosted by a law firm who was banned from gitmo after being caught giving muslim terror suspects anti-american propaganda are a mere $2
photos of multiple staffers helping hillary clinton up stairs to a house were recently making the rounds on social media these photos have raised questions about clinton s health. twitter is all abuzz over the photos which show clinton struggling to get up the stairs. what s up with this or is it no big deal? hillary has a history of trip and fall  
this $400 million payment to iran isn t starting off too well shahram amiri iranian nuclear scientist fed info to u.s .hillary s emails exposed him: 
"this interview is honestly frightening because sebastian gorka basically tells us obama is doing nothing to stop the instability in the middle east and is just spinning information to protect his political legacy . the white house simply wants to spin gorka is the best at giving us the truth about islamic terrorism and the efforts by the obama administration to spin
"julian assange on hillary clinton in an interview with russia today (video below):rattansi: if there is any illegality in the pending emails you will release or malfesance in what you alreaday released president obama could presumably act on it and get hillary clinton charged? regardless on whether you are about to release any email which would mean that james comey and the fbi would have no alternative but to arrest hillary clinton?assange: our view which we have already stated is if the evidence that the fbi has is enough for a grand jury to indict already  but a prosecutor has to ask a grand jury to indict. and if a prosecutor doesn t ask
can you blame her for losing her cool with crooked lying hillary? share this with all of your  undecided  friends!
"i ll bet obama didn t count on this beautiful young lady pictured below to be our first gold medal was he hoping for a more  diverse  american to win? does it make you gag to hear this horrible president use our olympians as political pawns? he did just that during his weekly address video below. during saturday s weekly address
"when you re donald trump (or any republican for that matter) and the washington post comes to your defense
fox news senior judicial analyst judge andrew napolitano discusses whether it s unlawful for the u.s. to pay iran $400 million as ransom. 
"secretary hillary clinton and donald trump have very different views on just about everything. jimmy always wonders about whether people are really paying attention to those issues or not. for the most part
"the  hard working  first family
"yes
"sheriff clarke better beef up his security detail after obama and his democrat friends sees this truth bomb! kid
"conservative republican actor and outspoken nra member
"the irony of donald trump making a huge speech on the economy isn t lost on us! detroit has been ruled for decades by the democrats and has become a total disaster. corruption has run rampant among past democrat administrations with the past mayor even being jailed. there s no hiding the results of democratic rule and the loss of american manufacturing to overseas companies. i happened to catch some of the ruins of detroit:these photos are only a small piece of what i saw   it s shocking! donald trump will propose one of the biggest tax cuts since the days of ronald reagan in a new economic blueprint to be unveiled next week
"every union member who believes the democrats are looking out for them needs to remember
"if the trump campaign arranges a rally while obama is vacationing on martha s vineyard
below the belt h/t weasel zippers
"it s starting to get old but trump was right again   iranian state-run media in tehran did indeed videotape the arrival of a january 17 flight carrying $400 million in cash from the united states   and the money itself   judging from a documentary that aired the following month in the islamic republic. republican presidential nominee donald trump has been in a firestorm of controversy since first claiming on wednesday to have seen  secret  footage of money being offloaded from an aircraft.he admitted friday morning on twitter what his campaign had said more than a day earlier
clinton stumbles way through answering most meaningful conversation she had with an african american  
"vp candidate mike pence was in norfolk
"that s the third suspicious death of a man tied in some way to hillary. does anyone in law enforcement have an accurate body count of suspicious deaths tied to hillary? we recently questioned the suspicious murder of 27 year old democrat data director seth rich
"dana loesch gives us the lowdown on what would happen to our second amendment with a hillary presidency please watch and share! hillary clinton and barack obama regularly call for more second amendment restrictions. but yesterday
"charles woods
how unfunny! does this not tell you something about the jackwagons in the obama state department? unreal! 
"this shouldn t surprise anyone since obama did the same thing when the benghazi terror attack happened. he and hillary clinton stood there and lied to the families of the four dead american heroes. they both always put politics before the best interests of america. it s such a scary prospect to think hillary might be elected. it s honestly shocking that she s not in jail! she would be simply a third term for obama. as this gold star mom says
"a former hostage
"hillary s crowds have been nothing short of abysmal since she first announced she was running. trump s crowds on the other hand
"listen and watch hillary freaks out and goes into phony mode with her  politician speak this woman is nuts!secret service agents surround @hillaryclinton after protesters disrupt her rally pic.twitter.com/6jpsjpn6i8  politico (@politico) august 4
"lol! chris  thrill up his leg  matthews does his best to convince steve cortez
" to me
listen up people! this is great! lou dobbs gets it and knows how important this election is! 
"the clinton grifters will take money from just about anyone   even promoters of terror. the report below should tell you all you need to know about the influence peddlers that really have sold out the american people. do you want these two in the white house again? former president bill clinton collected $5.6 million in fees from gems education
loretta lynch is head of the doj and is opening for deray mckesson of black lives matter tomorrow in detroit. is this an endorsement of the radical domestic terrorist organization that calls for looting and violence in the name of social justice? the department of justice has lost any remaining credibility it might have had. loretta lynch is a political hack and a radical racist! 
"we can t be certain
" he asked me if i wanted it back and i said
"hillary shouldn t be on fox news giving interviews she should be in jail! queen hillary didn t quite get the same treatment from fox news  chris wallace as she gets when she visits msnbc s chris matthews!hillary clinton acknowledges that americans have a legitimate concern about her trustworthiness
"scott and clint eastwood are a great father/son duo in their latest interview with esquire magazine. the banter between the two is so good that you just know they have a close relationship. they look so much alike it s pretty amazing.the best parts of the interview are clint s honest assessment of the  p*ssy generation in true eastwood style
"earlier this week
this video is truly one of the best examples of how hillary lies and manipulates low-information voters into believing she is innocent of any wrongdoing even when it is crystal clear she is guilty 
" hill larious! if this was a donald trump pi ata
"making america unsafe again it s the obama legacy. during his two terms in office
"donald trump doesn t seem the forgiving type
 the constitution does not bar religious tests in immigration law’"
"us congressman joe wilson was right! obama is a liar his reckless and amateur decisions have made america more unsafe than we have ever been. now he s asking americans to vote for hillary to ensure his lawless legacy lives on the obama administration secretly organized an airlift of $400 million worth of cash to iran that coincided with the january release of four americans detained in tehran
"this is a must read for anyone who s undecided or plans on voting for a third party candidate it covers all the bases and cements for you the duty as an american to do what s best for our nation. if you are already a trump supporter
"too funny! diamond and silk did a video warning everyone about bikers for hillary and that they were on their way to philly for the convention. then the video cuts to john kerry on a girl s bike. and then there s obama who rides like a girl too.there were no bikers for hillary
"youtuber joey salads makes brilliant undercover video to illustrate the idiocy of the narrative put forth by the left that american voters shouldn t consider that hillary has been under fbi investigation (she s actually been under some sort of criminal investigation pretty much her entire adult life).we are about to select the next president of the united states of america   her history
"the domestic terror group is at it again watch photographers vie for the best angle while watching an aggressive
"hillary s pawn in the 2016 election is a controversial muslim who chose to use his son s memory to bash donald trump. it would be one thing if khizr khan really had a true reason to go after trump but he doesn t. donald trump has said he would like to take a look at our refugee program and see  what the hell is going on . trump couldn t be more right on this and is even backed up by our own fbi director who says it s a big risk to bring syrian refugees into america right now. let s face it
"charles woods
" hillary doesn t care about anyone but hillary i m not voting for clinton.it has nothing to do with her views. it really doesn t even matter about all the laws she broke.it s because she actually talked to me once. almost a sentence. but first
"just a little dose of common sense guns save lives.a new law went into effect in texas on monday that allows certain students to bring guns into classrooms
"hillary s lawless
"this is a shocking story of corruption and collusion even for a clinton. hillary should ve been locked up for this one but instead
 his ties to hillary
"we live near the city of detroit
"wow! this is a spectacular letter that should be read by every american voter. veteran chris mark truly puts mr. khan s public ridicule of donald trump into perspective. bravo mr. mark! please share this everywhere!dear mr. khan
"last thursday
you can run but you can t hide 
"remember when rand paul drilled hillary clinton on whether she knew about arms being shipped to jihadists? that was a classic moment because her response was a well scripted look of attempted ignorance. if you know hillary
"we ve inserted our thoughts and a few tweets throughout this article. our comments can be found in bold red type.let s start with trump s twitter response to mr. kahn s passionate speech denouncing trump at hillary s coronation. i don t think too many americans can argue with this:i was viciously attacked by mr. khan at the democratic convention. am i not allowed to respond? hillary voted for the iraq war
hillary s vp pick has ties with radical islamists but the takeaway from the dem convention is that he s pretty much a boring guy in english and spanish!
"hillary and bill clinton have no shame! they ve both been lying to the american people for 30 years! from bill s sexual exploits to hillary s e-mails
"you don t want to miss a second of judge jeanine s brilliant analysis of hillary vs. trump whether you like him or not
"remember when this would seem like a far-fetched idea? democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton said she  loves  the idea of appointing barack obama to the supreme court if she s elected president.at a campaign event in iowa tuesday
"meanwhile
"b..b..but that can t be right maybe we should change the way we poll the reuters/ipsos polling team announced friday that they are dropping the  neither  option from their presidential preference polls after their tracking polls showed a 17-point swing in favor of the republican nominee donald j. trump
"dr. dorothy woods
"swedish resident
 a bernie supporter prefer trump to hillary clinton”"
"are you paying attention america? a vote for hillary is a vote for communist billionaire
 violent
"censorship is alive and well when it comes to hillary clinton a street artist in australia had his instagram account deleted and now he s being told to take down the painting on the side of a building. hillary is pictured (below) in a sort of bikini/monokini that is pretty raunchy. it s a copy of a photoshopped image that s been on the internet for years. this really is censorship of the worst kind because it s a known image. obviously
"by now
"donald trump was making the rounds at a colorado springs campaign event and did something that s just priceless! he took not one but two babies and held them priceless!thank you colorado springs. get out & vote #trumppence16 in november! pic.twitter.com/wk02fwzjey  donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) july 29
"it s a snoozer! if you missed the coverage last night of the dem convention
"it s no secret that cnn is very biased when it comes to politics if you ve watched much of the coverage of the dem convention
"it s only logical that the people who supported bernie sanders
"maybe hillary s russian uranium deal included a cameo of russian warships on the dnc stage? it certainly wouldn t surprise anyone . on the last night of the democratic national convention
how bad is it that bill clinton looks like he s asleep during hillary s big moment last night? watch her vp pick try and cover for bill too funny! 
you will absolutely love this: 
five facts about hillary and benghazi:
"the dnc action committee announced on facebook today that it plans to make a citizen s arrest of hillary clinton during her acceptance speech at the dnc tonight.the list of charges are election fraud
"if you haven t seen dinesh d souza s  hillary s america  yet
"it would appear american voters are more interested in what the republican party has to say about the future of our nation than the out-of-control democrat party driven by the saul alinsky disciples of chaos
 god
" apparently
the protesters are breaking all the rules and creating total chaos at every turn during the dem convention. it is truly a case of the liberals eating their own! fun to watch! 
narcissist isn t a strong enough word to describe this twisted little man 
"meanwhile
wow! the dems are so out of touch  
"it s over for hillary it s officially over for the democrat party obama built this!the nomination was barely sealed up at the democratic national convention before bernie sanders
"voicemails from the dnc have been released by wikileaks: link herejust a couple examples of voicemails are pretty funny:*voicemails show former ambassadors calling dnc officials for time with obama.*passionate clinton supporter calls dnc (audio file #16014) to demand that sanders be stopped.these voicemails will give an insight into some of the inner workings of the dnc so dig
" democrats are the party of kkk the problem is
"it s just cleaner that way you know
"the dem convention has been a crazy event so far meryl streep screaming and bernie supporters walking out now we have pop star kesha ranting about gun control at a gabby giffords event who the heck are these people? democrats are definitely not having a good week! we can control is who we give the f**king weapons to.    keshakesha was playing a late night concert coinciding with the democrat national convention in philadelphia
"just another tolerant violent liberal
 if you’re listening…i hope you’re able to find the 30
"democrat delegate mary bayer was caught on undercover video explaining how hillary will deceptively take guns away from americans: you have to take that sort of moderate
"the house of cards is falling as america eagerly awaits wikileaks next major dump that promises to expose evidence that should indict hillary irs commissioner john koskinen referred congressional charges of corrupt clinton foundation  pay-to-play  activities to his tax agency s exempt operations office for investigation
"a protester threw water on geraldo and he immediately was ready to jump into with the person   couldn t have happened to a more pompous a@@! watch: dnc protesters dump water on @geraldorivera  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) july 27
"the queen of the dnc is in big trouble 1000+ berners walked out  ca is gone  ut gone oregon gone ..& more  #dncwalkout 1/2 empty #demexit   #alllivesmatter (@bootstrapzorg) july 27
what a crazy group of professional agitators and political scumbags this has been really entertaining and a bit creepy too 
 she’s killing black people”"
crazy video of congressman alan grayson going off on a politico reporter has been released. grayson appears to be such an elitist and a pompous a@@ when addressing the reporter. 
 delete yourself” banner [video]"
 waiting for medical care…obama’s crooked va spent millions on artwork"
judge jeanine pirro rips into  crooked  hillary for her collusion in rigging the election process so she would come out on top of bernie sanders: 
" just a reminder of something michelle obama said in 2008 on the campaign trail in puerto rico:michelle obama:  barack knows that we are going to have to make sacrifices; we are going to have to change our conversation; we re going to have to change our traditions
"dinesh d souza s fascinating movie
 roamed freely during day [video]"
" this was a 12 year girl who was raped brutally
 you certainly can’t run the white house!”"
"hillary s vp pick is proving himself to be a anti-american job destroyer in a couple different ways. he s willing to legalize millions of illegals and he sided with wall street in a bid to bring in cheap foreign labor to replace american workers. what a guy...philadelphia   sen. tim kaine
"well
"democrats brought illegal after illegal alien on stage today during their communist convention. (we re still wondering how ice allowed so many illegal aliens to appear on a national stage
"whoa! we asked the question yesterday in more of a tongue-and-cheek manner. that was before we saw the serious question that had just been asked of hillary by reporters. like everyone else who saw the video
julian assange tells what he ll do next and what motivates him. he also believes trump will be great for freedom of the press in america  
"no respect for god no respect for our constitution and no respect for america what a sickening bunch of heathens because the democrats leftist ideology trumps god every time in case you missed it
lefty bernie supporters chant  hrc has got to go!  in the streets of philadelphia during the dnc convention: 
"hillary clinton always putting a radical ideology and her own personal financial gain before the best interests of america. is this really the kind of leader america needs after 8 miserable
dnc chairwoman shouted down during opening remarks today wikileaks! 
"there s no denying it trump is a very animated speaker. he does seem to have a whole second language thing going on with his hand gestures. you almost don t even need to hear him speak to know what he s saying. this great little animated illustration helps to decode trump s second language:donald trump s hand gestures are his second language. we try to decode some of his most-used movements. pic.twitter.com/w8ehi5hwsz  post graphics (@postgraphics) july 22
"wow! at about the 14:00 minute mark you ll hear the ridiculous explanation for why obama stopped using the term  radical islam we wouldn t want to offend any of the people blowing us up
"wikileaks has opened our eyes to so much corruption and possible illegal activity by the democrats! this is total corruption and is really like saying our government is up for sale to the highest bidder! democratic national committee documents recently released by wikileaks include spreadsheets and emails that appear to show party officials planning which donors and prominent fundraisers to provide with appointments to federal boards and commissions.the documents
"the dnc convention got off to a crazy start! debbie wasserman shultz was holding a press conference and all heck broke loose with sanders protesters waving signs and booing her. a little from the crowd:here's some video of what @dwstweets endured moments ago  pic.twitter.com/b7uwaynxpw  david catanese (@davecatanese) july 25
"wow! what a week for the democrats! nothing like the truth to bring the dems to their knees! with the start of the dnc convention
"it s interesting how the media has completely ignored this massive wall while making a big deal about the extra security measure republicans had taken to keep their guests safe you know
 because black lives only matters when law enforcement is involved” [video]"
"democrat dummy of the day rep. tom cole (r.
watch the only presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician having what appears to be some sort of seizure 
"is it possible the curtain has been pulled back
"the tsunami has started president obama s kenyan half-brother wants to make america great again   so he s voting for donald trump. i like donald trump because he speaks from the heart
"supposedly
"the wikileaks e-mails are an incredible study in political destruction and corruption. the media has no shame in their clear effort to push hillary to be our next president. it s really sickening to see that the media has compromised any integrity they ever had so they can put the clinton grifters back in the white house. it s like some kind of mafia crime family thing where there s clear coordination in doing unscrupulous things under the table to get your way. pretty sick! a politico reporter let an employee of the democratic national committee read a story he wrote about presumptive democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton prior to its publication
"imagine what it must feel like for these officers who put on their uniforms and go to work
"share this link with everyone you know. every american should see this movie before they vote! the weekend clinton cash global release
"yes
"hillary is toast!here are the polls that had must ve pained cnn to post:cnn
 middle-aged career politician"
 i don’t eat with them” [video]"
"there s a time for everything
"hey america are you ready for a leader who says
"at least they re consistent and crooked to the core just like their candidate  hillary clinton will be crowned the democratic presidential candidate in philadelphia next week at event costing estimated $60 million  democrats have a $15 million credit line with the city in case their fundraising falls short  independent journalist is fighting for names of the donors to be made public before convention begins  but host committee tells court hearing that donations should be kept secretthe host committee for the democratic national convention wants to keep its donor list under wraps until after the convention even though a state open records agency has ordered its release.a philadelphia 2016 host committee lawyer told a judge thursday the release of fundraising records could harm the organization s last-minute efforts to seek donations and negotiate vendor contracts.the host committee set out to raise about $60 million from private sources
"nothing says embracing diversity like dividing interns by color and kicking the white interns to the back of the photo.it s pretty fitting that the race obsessed us rep. from texas
obama lies and spins his way through a bs speech   sickening! 
"trump talked about a country on the brink of disaster. he talked about a country he loves
"if you watched trumps acceptance speech last night you might now have caught this quick little dig at hillary. hillary s slogan is  i m with her  but trump said
"the expectations were high for ivanka trump s speech and she far exceeded them with her grace
watch the speeches live; 
pastor mark burns is such a fantastic speaker! he gave a great speech tonight but the three words he spoke will drive blm crazy! 
this is hysterical! cnn asks a trump supporter the wrong question and they get an earful   awesome! 
"hillary clinton and obama decided it was a great idea to back syrian rebels whom they considered to be  moderate . in 2012
"yes
laura ingraham reminds the never trump people that they had better vote for trump or it s another 4 years of decline: 
 jr wins best cruz comment of the night [video]"
"tonight was so disappointing! ted cruz did what we tell our children not to do in the face of doing the right thing even though it sucks to lose. cruz never endorsed the man who clearly beat him donald trump. he proved himself to be a small man who put himself before what s best for america. because
"dana white
 
"a protester at the rnc in cleveland attempted to light the american flag on fire in a pitiful; attempt at anarchy. she couldn t even light the flag but the beautiful thing is the police step in and yank her up like a rag doll. awesome! crowd following group of police who just arrested a woman  #resistrnc #rncincle pic.twitter.com/qwibqp7son  unicorn riot (@ur_ninja) july 20
"are they kidding? this was even a lead story on fox news tonight! a former trump adviser made a very general comment against hillary clinton and the secret service jumped all over him. you will not believe what he said! he stated that
 beat up and robbed her mother-in-law
how soon they forget obama was called out during a dem debate for plagiarism but dances around the topic calling it  silly season  in politics then pivots to hope and change bs classic obama! 
in case you missed this rudy giuliani delivered a fantastic speech at the rnc in cleveland! it s good old fashioned barnburner of a speech: 
 jr delivers powerful speech: “a president who will unleash the greatness in our nation” [video]"
this is a great flashback of all those who claim to have a crystal ball on who the nominee for the rnc will be donald trump will not be the nominee  
"michigan passed to let new york state be the state to put trump over the top donald trump
"newt goes after it with joe scarborough of msnbc and simply skewers him on the race war obama has promoted the past 7 1/2 years:  yeah. 7 1/2 years into his presidency
 racism
holy smokes! even the danish press sees through our idiotic president who becomes a blithering robot when greeting world leaders really lame! 
marcus luttrell gave a powerful speech last night at the gop convention. it was honest and warned the  next generation  about the future of terrorism. 
don t you wish every political ad could be retweaked like this! this video is one to share because it takes every comment and refutes it with facts. you ll love it! 
"former british lawmaker nigel farage
wow this woman absolutely nails it!
"***warning***if you are between the ages of 18-23 and believe everything your leftist teachers and professors are feeding you
"watch barack obama identify himself as the leader of the black lives matter terror group in video below: in a movement like black lives matter
"says the guy whose legacy will be a war on cops and the division of america president barack obama cautioned americans from drawing easy conclusions from the shooting attacks that killed three law enforcement officials in baton rouge and wounded three others.  as of right now
 was racist member of farrakhan’s nation of islam: “my religion is the religion of ‘justice'” [video]"
has anyone else out there just about had it with fox news anchor shepard smith editorializing every afternoon with his liberal thoughts? he had bobby jindal on to speak about the baton rouge cop killing then was clearly po d when jindal said that  all lives matter . smith totally lectured and insulted jindal on live tv unreal! 
"the common thread in all this is hate   the hate coming from: black lives matter
"obama s war on america just got real these acts of terror need to be treated as such.breaking: cleveland police union chief calls on ohio governor to declare state of emergency
"baton rouge became the scene of another police ambush this morning when three men shot and killed three police officers and wounded several others. authorities have confirmed that the first of three suspects is a missouri man who was killed after the shooting. two other suspects were taken into custody in west baton rouge parish and are being questioned by baton rouge police.meanwhile
"barack obama
who better to protect trump supporters than bikers who ve supported trump throughout his campaign. we love these guys! they were there during the washington shut down and they ve been huge supporters of  the donald go get  em! 
"fox news reporter mike tobin interviewed former new black panther leader malik shabazz who promised violence on the republican national convention: malik shabazz: from what i know many of the groups on the left
"i certainly hope hillary picks liz warren for vp! she s such a miserable woman who decided to attack the  manhood  of two alpha males trump/pence what a joke! sen. elizabeth warren (d-mass.) on saturday turned her fire on the newly minted gop presidential ticket
"american citizens should be more concerned about the left and the leftist media s attempt to hide the brutal truth about sharia in america
"hillary came out with a heavily edited tv ad yesterday
"seth rich was hired by the democrat party as the official  voter expansion data director.  although there is no connection yet
"obama released a statement on his position regarding the islamist government  of turkey   is anyone surprised that he chose the government over the moderates attempting the coup: the president and secretary agreed that all parties in turkey should support the democratically-elected government of turkey
live feed of turkey s coup here: 
"lawless
share this video everywhere. we cannot allow the leftist media to control this narrative. our freedom and our way of life is on the line 
"there are no words for these selfish sub-humans here are a couple of profiles from twitter of the people tweeting about blm being ignored because of nice terror tragedy. they have both made their twitter accounts private:we found this sweet self-described  georgia peach  listed as a  fashion contributor  at company called xonecole.com feel free to send a message to her boss on their facebook page. click here for link.here s another pathetic twitter user: @_nehoda_ who whined about the attention victims of the nice terror attack were taking from the blm movement. she s lists herself as living in london
"translation: i m so sorry for your loss but wanted to use this  moment to point out i won an award for my acting in nice!literate translation of cher s illiterate tweet: my  broken heart  (emoji translation) goes out to people of france. i was just there. france is the world s treasure box (heart emoji). spent many (misspelled in tweet) july s simcer70 s (not sure what that means). won cannes (misspelled cannes) best actress for  mask my goes out 2ppl of france. i was just there. france is the worlds treasure box spent manny july s simcer70swon canne best actress 4 mask  cher (@cher) july 15
 prayers or candles”?…”stop waiting to be slaughtered and demand our leaders do something!” [video]"
"except when someone tries to rob them or break into their home or restaurant then
"isn t it great when the day after a major terror attack in france
"if facebook has aligned themselves with germany to restrict the free speech of its users
"it s almost like our community agitator in chief purposefully won t acknowledge anyone who isn t in lock-step with his radical agenda hope change division and hate the obama white house sent three officials to robber michael brown s funeral in ferguson. obama sent more officials to brown s funeral than to margaret thatcher s funeral.obama sent three white house officials to criminal freddie gray s funeral.the white house sent no one to nypd officer brian moore s funeral.obama skipped antonin scalia s funeral and went golfing instead.the obama white house will send a representative to alton sterling s funeral on thursday.  gpthe advocate reported:gary chambers
"this could be yuge news for conservatives who were on the fence about trump..gov. mike pence is dropping his re-election bid in indiana to become donald trump s running mate.indystar has confirmed that trump plans to announce pence as his selection for vice president
"trump will announce his vp pick tomorrow. rumor has it
"bad timing this is not great news for the black lives matter terrorists
"the mainstream media
"keep your eye on anita moncreif if knowledge is power she is the democrat party s worst nightmare. when you re on the left
"maybe the left became a bit too optimistic after america put a radical community organizer in the white house. perhaps they overplayed their hand. until now
"karma it s a beautiful thing a massive makeshift refugee camp has been established in lake como
"why is the nfl ignoring this situation? are they okay with nfl players posting images that suggest brutally murdering cops? the nfl can be reached at this number for anyone who cares to let them know how you feel about their silence. you may also send them a tweet @nfl to let them know how you feel or go to their nfl facebook page and leave a comment.the 2nd circuit u.s. court of appeals has denied new england patriots quarterback tom brady and the nfl players association s appeal for an en banc rehearing in the ongoing deflategate case.as a result
 obama invites blm activists to wh
"rush limbaugh is spot on with his analysis of barack obama and how he has intentionally torn our nation apart
"the lawless and in-your-face behavior that this  president  and his regime have been able to get away with is simply breathtaking she [lynch] could have answered every one of those questions
 #blacklives matter supporter makes video…says he’s going to start killing cops…fbi
 slavery
"these two presidents could not be more different. george w. bush is a natural born leader. he inspires others to consider someone other than themselves
"it s pretty safe to say if you stand in front of moving traffic
"facebook ceo and founder
"apparently the black lives matter terror group hasn t managed to distract florida voters from crooked hillary s untrustworthy record a new poll released from jmc analytics in florida (full pdf below) shows donald trump leading hillary clinton 47% to 42%
"when black lives matter supporters use the same tactics as an isis terrorist
 after petition to “formally recognize black lives matter as a terrorist organization” exceeds required 100k signatures in only 5 days…add your name!"
obama is such a race baiter! 
"nothing ever is as it appears. there is usually more to the story than one side. of course
"because blind people are probably experts on judging people based on skin color. no mention of the police officers killed over the two bloody days bloody of black lives matter terrorism
"if you haven t seethe viral video of a takedown by a russian guard on one of our guys
"put down the bricks and vote! hmmm i wonder if he has a particular party in mind?black lives matter activists need to  need to ensure that every demonstrator is a vote  in the fall elections in order to win policy changes pertaining to police misconduct and officer-involved shootings
"this is truly a sad and senseless situation. this young man
 mn interstate…throw molotov cocktails…concrete at cops head…injure 21 cops in attempt [video]"
this is probably the best seen from judge jeanine   she nails obama!  police brutality is color blind    judge jeanine 
"while in warsaw
 open-borders paul ryan is tanking in polls…will fed up voters avenge non-trump supporters in november?"
"what the heck is wrong with these loony liberal political hack supreme court justices? we had a proclamation from latina sotomayor that white men couldn t possibly know what it s like to be a minority huh?  now we have ruth  buzzy  ginsburg saying that if hillary doesn t win then  everything is up for grabs . she also put in a plug for a pro-hillary presidency saying she doesn t want to think about a trump presidency. what the heck is up with these supposedly unbiased people who should not be speaking out politically. all the more reason to vote for trump to make the court more conservative just to piss off the political hags hacks on the court washington   justice ruth bader ginsburg says she doesn t want to think about the possibility of donald trump winning the white house
"the rainbows and unicorn crowd decided they just had to complain about a gun manufacturer s ad being in the columbia
"hillary clinton used a cnn interview on friday to completely embrace the democrats  claim that white people and cops must change to help reduce the number of african-americans killed in tense exchanges with cops.   breitbart newslet s face it
"us border agents and local law enforcement gave these journalists permission to be there. but obama s federal wildlife officers had different plans for journalists
"because bob price at breitbart news had the courage to attend and film an unbelievable black panther rally aimed at threatening cops in houston last year
wow! this is so epic and truthful! bravo bill o reilly! 
"a large group of black lives matter protesters marched through downtown atlanta in an attempt to shut down a major highway. police have formed a large barricade
"who is this terrorist and why has not yet been arrested for making open threats against our law enforcement officers and firemen? those clinton s they sure do know some interesting characters. thank goodness donald j. trump or his wife weren t ever caught in the same room with this racist monster! the media would slaughtered him. the media has come to expect nothing less from the clinton s. they ll do anything for a vote. it s always been their motto. and no donor is too evil. if you don t believe me
"eric holder in a dress eric holder got the ball rolling for obama when he used taxpayer dollars to pay people to protest during the trayvon martin controversy. loretta lynch is just the person to carry his racist torch of injustice for the  oppressed  black man. these people are not capable of colorblind justice. their desire to punish anyone who disagrees with their radical ideology is much stronger than their desire to see true and honest justice served in america members of the black lives matter movement should not get  discouraged by those who would use your lawful actions as a cover for their heinous violence
"did america really expect this racist
"obama shouldn t think for one moment that america doesn t see through he and hillary s disgusting plan to divide us by color
"of course tomorrow morning
 3 dead
"fbi director james comey was literally destroyed today in his testimony on the hill. what s even more damaging is the information about hillary clinton and her staff that comey simply let go with no punishment at all. during the series of questions
 didn’t make her swear under oath to tell truth"
"buckle up america obama still has 6 months to fundamentally transform america. if the media and #nevertrump crowd manages to convince voters to support crooked hillary
fact check! wow! no one knows how to question like gowdy! 
"barack hussein obama has not exactly done a stellar job convincing america he s a christian. he spent his entire career as christian in a church that preached hate against america and the white man. his own preacher
"of course
"what the heck! first it s hillary clinton who gets off even though she s guilty and now it s pelosi screeching through traffic to shop at a fancy shoe store! the thing that s so infuriating is that she s racing around town ignoring laws in an suv! i guess global warming is for the little people too but not for dc divas u.s. house democratic leader nancy pelosi is above the law
"i knew i liked this guy! antonio sabato
 she will be the next president of the united states”"
"it warms the heart to know people as important as hollywood actor matt damon care so much about the little people with guns in america. if damon really feels so strongly about the government taking our second amendment right away
"america should ve known hillary would be allowed to skate. when chicago thug politics mesh with the clinton crime syndicate
"is it hillary s political privilege that allows her to go unpunished for her criminal activity? hillary was just given a pass to run for the highest office in our nation by the fbi after sending an untold number of highly classified emails from her personal server
this supercut of hillary vs comey gets to the heart of why she should be indicted! 
"we ve all had questions about huma abedin but did you know how connected she is to the saudi government? does anyone doubt that the saudis are bankrolling everything the clintons do? the information below is fantastic and should be seen by anyone even remotely considering voting for hillary clinton. huma abedin is the definition of shady! the mainstream media has done nothing to seriously vet the connection between the clinton and saudi arabia
"the big dog of has-been rappers is headlining a  unity  concert during the dnc convention. what a classy move by the democrats in an attempt to get the ghetto rats interested in the election and back on the reservation for hillary
 if
this has to be one of the best remix videos ever! it gets to the heart of the callousness and self-serving attitude of clinton. 
trump spokesperson stephen miller just hammers hillary clinton! you will love every minute of this! 
"trump was right again! there will be no charges for crooked hillary clinton! comey says she was  careless  but recommends no charges so hillary s home free. loretta lynch has already said she ll go by the recommendation of the fbi. fbi on hillary clinton's emails: 110 emails contained classified info; 8 chains were top secret when they were sent.   abc news (@abc) july 5
 6 killed
paul joseph watson is the bomb! he makes the greatest videos and cuts through the bull to get to the truth. here s a great example of why america is the best: 
"could it be hillary s scre-e-e-eching that turns them off?donald trump shattered the gop primary record this year by 1.4 million votes.and he won more youth voters than john mccain or mitt romney. trump also received a larger percentage of the youth vote than the previous two republican candidates.  gpdonald trump has so far won more support from younger voters than the last two gop presidential candidates and hillary rodham clinton.a new analysis of the primary youth vote from tufts university s jonathan m. tisch college of civic life shows that in 21 primaries
boom!courtesy of: comicallyincorrect.com
"huma abedin
 drunks
what the heck is hillary clinton talking about? her  smart power  foreign policy when it comes to terrorism is more of the same failed obama policy of coddling islamic terrorism! this is a great video of 4 minutes of hillary lying and being the complete phony she s always been. 
 desperate
"it was 1991 when trump testified to congress about that  irrational exuberance  as he complained that monetary policy was pushing money into international markets
senator d amato (ny) was on the sunday shows recommending what he would emphasize as a reason not to vote for hillary and it s a big one: hillary allowed russia to take ownership of us uranium to sell to iran 
"don t you just love all the lies coming out of hillary s lying pie hole? she says she was really  eager  to meet with the fbi   sure she was! i d beg to differ that she was probably so nervous trying to keep all her lies straight. the only way she would be  eager  to meet with the fbi is if the fix is in and she knows she ll not be charged with anything. we ll see!the lie that really stood out is that she said she heard of the bill/loretta meeting  in the news . do you think for one minute that she didn t hear this from bill first? she also claims it was a  short chance meeting    so a 30 minute meeting where no pictures or reporters were allowed is a  chance meeting. this is laughable!in hillary clinton s first interview since meeting with fbi officials regarding the investigation into her use of a private email server
"please check out the clip below and you ll see what drives conservatives nuts! cnn has every right to question daniel hannan in the interview but notice how christian amanpour gets combative and angry about brexit while she s offending daniel hannan by insinuating that he s racist. conservatives are so sick of political activists as journalists! amanpour is a total political hack who just can t keep her personal views out of her reporting! this is why we boycott cnn!heat street has more:british mep daniel hannan spent nine minutes smacking down cnn journalistdaniel hannan
"bravo! this woman is example of true courage. more americans need to take a stand against anyone who attempts to silence their first amendment right whenever folks in penfield
000 miles to hear his speech on global warming"
"wow! yet more insider deals with the clinton grifters! these people should never be in politics again ever! the clinton corruption machine is gobbling up millions while the little people get stuck with the tab. hillary s son-in-law is taking after his father who was in federal prison for bank fraud! clinton family corruption runs deep it s disgusting!it s no coincidence that three of the biggest investors in the greek bailout were the california public sector employee pension fund
"i wish i could say i was shocked
missouri muslims are upset because a candidate for governor is handing out  isis hunting permit  stickers. wait a minute! if isis has nothing to do with islam as cair claims then why would they object 
"this is a good reminder of how important it is to prevent obama from anointing another radical on the supreme court. it might also be a good time for every american to call their representatives in washington. keeping another radical obama appointee off our supreme court could literally be the only thing standing between a free america and one that looks more like venezuela. this is also a reminder for anyone in the republican party who considers themselves part of the  never trump  movement. the democrat party has never been more serious about
 bill clinton is an idiot”…is bill intentionally trying to put hillary behind bars?"
"reasonable americans expected never expected unbiased justice to be served by eric holder in a skirt friday on msnbc s  morning joe
"rush limbaugh weighed in on what he thinks happened when bill clinton met up with ag loretta lynch for 30 minutes at the phoenix airport. the big question to ask in all this is what does lynch mean by primarily? doesn t she incriminate herself by opening up the possibility that there could have been conversation about the case before her that involves hillary clinton? according to u.s. attorney general loretta lynch
here are a few memes to spread around:   
"dorothy woods
"is there a law against waterboarding republican senators who continue to be re-elected even though it s pretty clear they should be running on the democrat ticket senate majority leader mitch mcconnell (r-ky) praised former secretary of state hillary clinton on wednesday   the day after the house select committee on benghazi issued its final report.  she s an intelligent and capable person
"obama drone gwyneth paltrow can t understand why she was once named the world s  most hated celebrity  by a magazine. in a recent interview on the bbc show hardtalk at the cannes lions festival
"it s easy to see why there are so many americans who would rather keep their heads firmly buried in the sand than know the truth about how inept our government officials really are hillary clinton is facing damaging new revelations about the lax security surrounding her emails.watch hillary try to make voters believe she is a  victim  in this insane security risk she has subjected our entire nation to:a daily mail online investigation has found that a second firm   hired to store a back-up of clinton s secret server   was so lax in its security employees failed to change passwords frequently and left computers logged in
"the michelle obama entourage moved on from morocco to spain where mooch proceeded to lecture the spanish people on how to have children and how to raise them. classless! first lady michelle obama slipped in a pro-choice message thursday while promoting equality for girls in heavily catholic spain
influence peddling is what the clintons do and this time it could (hopefully) have consequences. 
thin skinned obama just made an ass of himself! everyone with half a brain knows trump is right! 
"if the democrat voters don t care if they re voting for a woman who is under criminal investigation after putting our national security at risk
politics before anything else   that s what obama and clinton have in common. putting american safety before politics is what these people were supposed to do but they didn t. shameful! 
obama is off his rocker! he went on a rant about donald trump and now he s scolding owners of suv s! 
" let me tell you something donald trump is not a racist. he has never said anything racist about mexicans
"in their desire to push hillary clinton across the finish line
 vote trump!” [video]"
this benghazi timeline by rep roskam explains the big question of rescue efforts: 
"our good friend joe dan gorman has done it again! he s put together an awesome video that explains the brexit and the parallels between the uk s exit from the eu and our independence from britain. sit back and enjoy joe dan s one-of-a-kind humor
 
"trump was 100% correct when he said
watch this state department spokesperson tap dance around the big lie that the benghazi attack was caused by a video. these people are evil! 
"charlie daniels has been a voice of reason during the 8 looong years of obama. he is full of common sense and patriotism. he  gets  america! when it comes to gun rights he stand up and is unafraid to speak out. here s his fearless attempt to tell the truth about a recent billboard gun control push: country music legend charlie daniels dismissed billboard s recent gun control push as a  farce  and said the musicians who signed the publication s letter to congress  don t know anything about guns. 200 musicians    jackson browne
 i am demanding more autonomy for the capital – right now”"
this is awesome! i watched the entire press conference and gowdy just nails the lame stream media! 
isn t this just the height of hypocrisy? hillary clinton shows at the ny gay pride event but takes millions from middle eastern countries that throw gays off of buildings. 
merkel was booed by residents of saxony who re 100% fed up! with her open borders policy sound familiar? 
"obama doing what obama does best putting radical muslims who are a serious threat to our national security back on the battlefield against america the obama administration has released from the guantanamo bay prison an al qaeda terrorist who served as terror mastermind osama bin laden s personal bodyguard
next stop after brexit is the us! judge jeanine nails it and says we need to know the facts to fight this elitist agenda. we re  tired of being lectured to by the fat cats in washington . 
trump s new campaign manager took on chuck todd and nailed his interview calling clinton a globalist and connecting the dots to brexit. great job paul manafort! 
 cair and obama regime’s cover-ups
"after 9 months of hard-core islam muslim  clock boy  returns to tx still plans to sue state he  misses  for $15 millioncair s poster child for how to use islam to get everything you want in politically correct america comes home obama boot camp?ahmed mohamed
"the anti-establishment tide is rolling across europe. you really can t blame the citizens for being furious at their leaders for allowing the invasion of muslim immigrants into their hometowns and major cities. if this sentiment catches fire in america this summer
 found with throat crushed by barbell…un claims heart attack is cause of death"
take note america 
"why is explaining our constitution to liberals is like explaining algebra to a two year old? shouldn t government officials who are being paid by we the taxpayer have a basic understanding of how our constitution and the basic rights it affords us citizens?the left
"no evidence no worries obama s got this one. meanwhile
 create taxpayer funded agency to give illegals amnesty"
hillary reads off of the teleprompter an emotion that was meant to be a sigh and not the word  sigh    too funny! 
"are you paying attention america? yesterday
"how is it that the woman who wants to be our president is stooping so low? demanding free tampons for all women is probably the biggest case of pandering ever! hopefully
"a successful business man has launched a political campaign against paul ryan. we love what he s doing even though it s unconventional. paul nehlen put up billboards this week that are devastating to the republican speaker:following last night s historic brexit vote
"an arizona democratic lawmaker who once voted against welfare fraud protections in her state has been indicted on felony charges of defrauding the food stamp program.according to the indictment unsealed earlier this week
" it s always the will of the people ultimately that wins out    trump the vote to brexit a hard-fought campaign by nationalist populists in the united kingdom puts the world elite on their heels
"barack hussein obama has been in over his head since he first stepped foot in the white house. our community organizer in chief just found out how unwelcome his chicago style politics are in the uk   uk independence party (ukip) leader nigel farage told breitbart that the visit by president obama
oh my gosh! obama bashes the  old boys network  and says they need to give women and minorities a  chance to lead . what the heck is wrong with this president? he must really detest white male americans! unreal! 
"b..b but george soros and barack obama told uk voters not to leave the eu. is this historic vote a sign that voters in the uk are 100% fed up with globalists telling them what to do? david cameron stands down as british prime minister after voters trigger a political earthquake   and global market panic   by backing vote to leave the european union in historic referendum. prime minister david cameron has quit as prime minister but said he would stay on for three months it is the first time in its 59-year history that any of the 28 member states have requested to leave the eu bank of england governor moved to reassure markets after pound slumped to a 31-year low against the dollar donald trump arrived in scotland and said it was  fantastic  that the british had  taken back their country ukip leader nigel farage hailed it as a  victory for real people  and called it britain s  independence day but standard & poor s has warned that the uk s aaa credit rating now looks  untenable new york-born boris johnson is hot favorite to take over from cameron as prime minister in september scotland
"a shocking victory  53% leave 47% stayit was at three o'clock in the morning that it became clear that leave would win   john rentoul (@johnrentoul) june 24
"***language warning***i admittedly (and intentionally) haven t seen too many ben affleck movies
"because of what hillary clinton agreed to with the un
" melissa  wore her trump hat to a coffee shop and immediately was verbally attacked. she came back with facts and a great argument for trump. awesome!wearing my #maga hat 2 the coffee shop sparked a trump debate.  ?trump will veto the #tpp #americafirst #imwithyou pic.twitter.com/mp1a6m2s96  melissa (@sweetatertot) june 23
"don t let the door hit ya b..b..but who will beat up innocent trump supporters? the assertion of presidential power was remarkable in scale. with the flick of a pen just before thanksgiving in 2014
"don t think for a minute this union-style black lives matter/occupy type  sit-in  wasn t orchestrated in our oval office by our community organizer in chief. obama is desperate to pass gun control legislation before he leaves office. the democrats who are occupying our house floor are only acting as puppets for his radical agenda. as california democrat rep. brad sherman spoke wednesday evening during an unprecedented  sit-in  on capitol hill to demand a vote on gun control
 hispanic students before white
"this teen has a pretty good impression of donald trump:jack aiello
"would hillary s  every day americans  answer these questions the same way as these indoctrinated college students? who do you think is more responsible for indoctrinating the american voter
"democrats staging a sit-in on the floor of congress won t go hungry   we spotted their food order on its way into the capitol   and it s pretty damn ironic. a couple carts full of chick-fil-a food were toted in by congressional interns. we get it   protesters gotta eat
"nothing to see here. no conflict of interest. all feminists please look the other way you didn t really see this crooked hillary really is a champion of women s rights just not saudi women s rights. august 30
"donald trump is right again! he said her e-mail was easily hacked by foreign governments. the question has recently arisen of whether there s a blackmail file on hillary. washington (ap)   state department staffers wrestled for weeks in december 2010 over a serious technical problem with then-secretary hillary clinton s home email server
"the organization called  freedom from religion  has been going around to christian monuments and signs across america and demanding they be taken down. every sign and cross they come across that s on city property is in violation of separation of church and state.here are other recent efforts to remove religious signs:military chaplains rally as inspiring sign comes under fire from religious freedom organization(video) sparks fly when freedom from religion group asks texas town to remove sign welcoming visitorsthe big question to us is that the town wants the sign and has had it up for decades. if the town votes for it
"the obama administration wants you to feel bad if you don t believe in what they do. this group think is really disturbing! please listen to this rant by gina mccarthy and know that she s as loony as the rest of obama s administration! speaking at mc greenfest
000 since last presidential election…cair applauds"
"facebook ceo mark zuckerberg appears to be concerned about being spied on. a photo that he shared to help celebrate instagram s 500 million monthly active users shows the camera and audio jack on the billionaire s macbook covered with pieces of tape. in the photo posted on tuesday
"supreme court justic sotomayor went on a racist rant about how law enforcement has targeted minorities and put fear in  black and brown  people: it is no secret that people of color are disproportionate victims of this type of scrutiny. she s weighed in before in a racist manner:   i would hope that a wise latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    supreme court justice sotomayorsotomayor once again brings her racist view to the court clouding her decisions on all americans:supreme court justice sonia sotomayor on monday issued a vehement dissent in a fourth amendment case   writing that the majority s opinion sanctions police stops that  corrode all our civil liberties and threaten all our lives. the fiery objection came on case where a utah man challenged his arrest based on a stop that was later found to be unlawful. the 5-3 majority opinion
"boom! just when you think there isn t a sane person left in hollywood
"dolly kyle has written a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about bill and hillary clinton. hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her
700/night maternity ward…but where are chelsea’s in-laws?"
"just another deranged leftist. from the registered democrat muslim terrorist in orlando to the casual 19 year old californian freak who travelled to las vegas in hopes of killing trump there doesn t seem to be any shortage of hate from the left in america a federal officer says a man arrested at a donald trump rally in las vegas told authorities he tried to grab an officer s gun so he could kill the candidate.a complaint filed monday in u.s. district court in nevada charges michael steven sandford with an act of violence on restricted grounds.it cites a report by special agent swierkowski
"the obama administration s  cleansing  of the islamic terror attack in orlando resonates with anyone in america who s on to the effort to pivot to gun control and away from islam. everything about this is by design and should be  very disturbing to americans on both sides of the aisle. democrats should be outraged that the government is suppressing information we should all have! how could they not be! two key words were scrubbed in the transcript but are being reported now these two words are a big deal! the fbi on monday released a partial transcript of the phone conversations the orlando gunman had with law enforcement during the three hours he was holed up inside a gay nightclub with hostages   but the decision to redact portions of the calls
"dolly kyle has written a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about bill and hillary clinton. hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her
"the new york times and all other news outlets are reporting with glee that donald trump s campaign manager was fired. the truth is that corey lewandowski had never run a national campaign before now so it s time to bring in experienced campaign workers to get the job done.  this is not to say that lewandowski was the perfect campaign manager he wasn t. the new york times brings up dirt on corey but it s more likely that trump was concerned he wasn t getting the job done soooo .you re fired!fyi: reagan fired his campaign manager too!donald j. trump has fired his contentious campaign manager
 
"media silent! twin falls
"oh look hillary s considering a lying
"us citizens should never have to beg members of congress to put the safety and security of their families before the donors who support their campaigns. the fact that congress has allowed our current illegal crisis to spin this far out of control is unforgivable. border agents who spend years training to apprehend illegal aliens who cross our borders are not only being told to stand down by the obama regime
"i don t think there are too many people who would disagree with that sentiment
"if booster and sponsors were shown in presidential campaigns just like they are in nascar
"this is totally out of left field! vin scully goes off on the evils of socialism-epic! vin scully has strong feelings on socialism pic.twitter.com/7xenf56eoy  timothy burke (@bubbaprog) june 18
" hillary s going to make make our borders less secure. she s going to take away our ability to defend ourselves it s radical islam obama say it! a gay man has made a riveting youtube video urging the gay community to vote for donald trump over hillary clinton in the aftermath of the orlando nightclub terrorist attack by an islamic state sympathizer. the sleeping giant
"wait until you read this woman s biography and past quotes about conservatives! popular myth-busting website snopes originally gained recognition for being the go-to site for disproving outlandish urban legends -such as the presence of ufos in haiti or the existence of human-animal hybrids in the amazon jungle.recently
"remember when the press used to actually report the news? today they are nothing more than a mouthpiece for the obama administration and democrat party. there isn t a radical agenda this  president  and his regime want pushed that s off limits for today s mainstream media. so you have an islamic terrorist who even in 2001 as a teenager was cheering the 9/11 attack. he cased different targets
" the left has been itching for a fight the only problem is
"    (welcome) to america we hope you enjoy our benefits. please feel free to not assimilate  coming soon: press 1 for english
"we love this guy! trey gowdy gets it and gives a lesson to a dhs thug on due process! yes! for progressives
"a californian with a gun and a trump sign in his front yard. sounds like defending that sign could turn into a full-time job a san diego man with a donald trump yard sign in front of his house confronted a group of would-be vandals with a rifle on wednesday evening. the vandals panicked and dialed 911. police questioned the resident
"paul ryan has had almost 8 years to lead the charge to impeach obama for his unlawful
"florida governor rick scott is not holding anything back. he is angry that obama has made the second amendment the enemy while ignoring isis. we need a president who says my number one job right now is
 her taxpayer funded mom and meryl streep travel to africa to discuss “gender inequality”"
"just remember
former republican house intelligence cmte. chairman disagrees with pres. obama s rant on donald trump and his avoidance of the term  radical islam . 
"what is it about liberal men that makes a woman want to shoot him up with testosterone just to make him tolerable?  gersh kuntzman of the new york daily news has been roundly mocked since the publishing of an article headlined  what is it like to fire an ar-15? it s horrifying
"the two videos below are from the trump rally in atlanta today   two great examples of how twisted the left is!back and forth between trump supporters and trump protesters outside the fox. pic.twitter.com/2ih1aw19hp  richard elliot (@relliotwsb) june 15
"if the muslim terrorist who killed 49 people and wounded several others in a gay nightclub in orlando had been scouting out disneyworld and other possible soft targets in the orlando area
"sounds like one of the best reasons ever to vote for trump a saudi prince has urged americans not to vote for donald trump in the upcoming general election.turki al-faisal
000 migrants from countries who execute gays"
"chicago residents are living a nightmare. the murder and crime statistics are what you would expect to see in a war torn middle eastern nation.these chicago residents have had enough and they re speaking out against barack obama and the democrat party that has sold them a bill of goods:click here to see more chicago residents speak out: the liberal agenda is not the black agenda
"feeling safer? one of the sitting members on the homeland security advisory council s (hsac) subcommittee on countering violent extremism is a 25-year-old immigrant of syrian heritage who said that the 9/11 attacks  changed the world for good  and has consistently disparaged america
and the left says trump hasn t given details about what he ll do when president? hillary couldn t be more clueless and vague in her twitter statement. if she had a clue about terrorism she d know that there s no such thing as a  lone wolf . all jihadists are interconnected and fighting together for the caliphate. she s a joke! 
"this is not the first time putin has warned the us to hurry up with its release of hillary s emails. biden better get the emergency campaign team ready. if putin releases the unedited
"socialist indoctrination starts in kindergarten and is reinforced throughout the american student s educational journey. parents need to pay attention to the drivel their children are being taught at school. this kind of socialist teaching is not limited to public schools
"no word yet on when every female london resident will be asked to wear a hijab in public
"nothing to see here. hillary was likely just fulfilling a promise to a foreign muslim donor. it wasn t the first time she gave a  stand down  order and if the democrat party can help it
and if trump did indeed imply obama was working on behalf of muslim terrorists do you believe he s correct?
"as a side note
"where there s a will
"we can all agree on solutions to end terrorism but it takes something like a horrific terror attack to ditch the pc and work together to enforce common sense solutions that really work. one of the best but more controversial methods of weeding out terror is surveillance.  the political shocker of the week is that barney frank and donald trump are coming together in agreement on surveillance!barney frank
donald trump: with fifty people dead and perhaps more ultimately and dozens more wounded we cannot afford to talk around issues anymore. we have to address these issues head on. i called for a ban after san bernardino and it was met with great scorn and anger. and now many are saying although the pause is temporary we must find out what is going on. we have to do it. 
"hillary took a jab at saudi arabia during her statement on the terror attack in orlando but now we find out that the saudis are major contributors to her campaign. it s the height of hypocrisy for clinton to make claims of saudi arabia while taking their millions. thank goodness for social media and all the resources we have to expose this corrupt and hypocritical hag grifter in what may be the pinnacle of hypocrisy
 not hate-filled
"he was such a nice boy
 possible explosives arrested on way to l.a. gay pride festival"
 trump calls ‘em like he sees ‘em [video]"
 53 injured after u.s. citizen
"the movie that hillary will not want america to see hillary clinton s staff are currently giving depositions under oath about how she got away with having an allegedly illegal private email server when conducting matters of national security.the depositions are being filmed
"hillary doesn t recall saying it
does anyone else see a little crazy in this woman? elizabeth warren is hillary clinton s new best friend and possible vp choice but we think that would be a total disaster for clinton. yikes! 
"the bashing of donald trump is getting so old and tiresome. people with common sense know the truth and know what the left is trying to do. it s the same old playbook of demonizing what you don t like repeatedly. the problem is that americans are finally wising up to this alinsky strategy. you d think the liberals are all coordinating their talking points .hummm  billy crystal bashed trump during his eulogy of ali in a line similar to clinton s speech on tuesday: life is best when you build bridges between people
"this call to violence by the left against innocent people who don t agree with their radical ideology
there may be some that would change a few of the descriptions but this is pretty darn close:
donald trump answers the question of what he ll do on his first day in office. the two big things he mentions are the attack on our second amendment and the attack on our border   we say bravo! 
this is a rare moment of uncomfortable questioning by cbs   scott pelley asks what we ve all wanted to ask hillary. it s a pretty hysterical tv moment in a robotic kind of way  
screaming leftists interrupted donald trump s speech today at the faith and freedom conference in washington dc. trump blamed democrats for the latest outburst. 
17 year old hero sacrifices his life to save an elderly woman"
"this is what happens when you cross the left. sadly
"thank goodness for organizations like citizens united who found out what was going on with a clinton donor getting a position on a security intelligence board with zero experience. please note the video below and how the reporter was to be arrested for asking a question of the clinton crony. newly released state department emails help reveal how a major clinton foundation donor was placed on a sensitive government intelligence advisory board even though he had no obvious experience in the field
"wow! this first-hand assessment of bill clinton and then hillary is a complete scorcher. dolly kyle holds nothing back when describing this grifter couple that will do anything for money and political power. what a great look inside the clinton world of lies and manipulation!dolly kyle met bill clinton on a golf course in hot springs
"while researching for a wrap-up on the june 7 presidential primaries
"after being assaulted by trump haters
this guy is great! he describes how it was to be at a trump rally and how the cops stood down. 
the socialist president was this guy s teacher! great encounter with someone who has experienced socialism   great stuff! 
 obama endorses crooked hillary [video]"
"pathetic new age guru and alternative medicine activist dr. deepak chopra attacked donald trump tuesday in an interview on fox news  the alan colmes show
"what about chris stevens
"what a role model for women and young girls
"senator jess sessions  tough love talk may be exactly what the dyed-in-the-wool establishment republicans need to hear right now. the support for trump is not going to go away
"don t listen to the main stream media bias!while the democrats are down 7 million votes from 2008
wow! this lady who is a dnc platform committee member who honestly thinks we should take guns away from everyone! 
"italian catholics are essentially being told to pray silently (hide their religious convictions) to avoid offending anyone
"great speech! donald trump spoke last night after winning big! his overview of the important things he s campaigning on was fantastic! in case you missed it
 very interesting”"
"fat ass fraud in a pants suit when hillary clinton won the new york primary in april
"in case you missed the total horror of seeing a woman egged by protesters at a trump rally
" i would hope that a wise latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    supreme court justice sotomayoras the main stream media does a hit job on donald trump for expressing his view that the presiding judge in the trump university case is biased against him because of trump s views on immigration
"american citizens will be encouraged when the queen of the clinton crime syndicate is convicted former secretary of state hillary clinton confirms that she feels emotion when she thinks about becoming the first woman nominee for president.  do you feel the weight of what this means for people?  asked one reporter on the campaign trail on monday. i do. i do
spread this one around everywhere! an anti-hillary pac just came out with a great commercial! 
"new york city begs to differ of course
sheriff clarke weighs in on the violence at the trump rally in san jpse: 
"don t buy into the media lie that every legal mexican-american is against trump. those who came here legally want the same things every other american wants jobs
"birds of a feather flock together-dirty politics follows obama and clinton so here s yet another example of these two scumbags doing underhanded deals and lying their way through every situation:  obama s state department is blocking correspondence from hillary clinton and her top state department aides about a controversial 12-nation trade deal will not be available for public review   at least not until after the election. the obama administration abruptly stopped the release of clinton s state department correspondence about the so-called trans-pacific partnership (tpp)
"a short excerpt from can s upcoming documentary  exposed: the islamization of our schools .this documentary-in-progress uncovers the ongoing
"watch the video and you be the judge. was piers morgan correct or was he out of line?piers morgan poked the hornets  nest sunday when he highlighted a double standard among muhammad ali s fans   that the late boxer espoused more radical views on race than donald trump.muhammad ali said far more inflammatory/racist things about white people than donald trump ever has about muslims. #fact  piers morgan (@piersmorgan) june 5
"the judge in the trump university case should recuse himself! donald trump has been hammered in the main stream media and called a racist but trump is correct in everything he s said! please spread this everywhere! the attorney group leading the lawsuit against trump are heavily involved in democrat politics and have paid bill and hillary clinton $675
"roger clinton got busted for a dui on sunday but might not be out of jail to vote for his sister-in-law! clinton is the half-brother of bill clinton and was given the code name  headache  by the secret service during his brother s presidency. it looks like he s living up to his reputation!hillary clinton s brother-in-law is sitting in a jail cell after getting busted for dui in southern california   just 2 days before the crucial ca primary vote. roger clinton was arrested sunday just after 8 pm in redondo beach. he was booked for driving under the influence
"one short trip on a boat and this could be all yours! no papers required a group of local citizens from the italian island of sicily have denounced a recent political decision to turn a 4-star seaside resort into the latest migrant welcome center
"the article below is from politico   this article is a perfect example of the main stream media s bias combined with barack hussein obama s lies and spin of the truth. first of all
"we ve heard about hillary clinton s bad behavior before but this tell-all book goes right into details of what clinton was like as first lady  hillary clinton has a  jekyll and hyde  personality that left white house staffers scared stiff of her explosive   and even physical   outbursts
"bernie sanders likes to talk about how everyone will be equal using other people s money. it s the most asinine concept and it s not like it hasn t been tried before. we love larry elder s personal take on equality and the common sense reasons there will never be total equality especially income equality:is there a more brain-dead concept than to empower the government to fight  income inequality ? what sane
000 illegal aliens who continue to walk streets in cities
"stories like these shine a light on how early our educators are indoctrinating our students. a third-grader said he s standing up for his first amendment rights after he left school early thursday because administrators ordered him to remove his pro-donald trump hat.logan autry s family took him out of powers-ginsburg elementary school early thursday amid controversy over his red  make america great again  hat   signed by the presumptive republican presidential nominee himself
"bill clinton must be unaware of the very close race in california between his wife and bernie sanders. he gave a finger wag and told hecklers that bernie doesn t have a chance don t be so sure slick willy! if i were them
"it s really a pretty simple scheme. obama is placing democrat voters (illegal aliens who are given housing
hillary clinton was all smiles at a rally in california until her podium starts to collapse is this just a big case of karma? 
"the function of socialism is to raise suffering to a higher level.  norman mailerbernie sanders has raised a lot of money during the 2016 democratic primary. in fact
"america keeps waiting for word that hillary will be indicted. is obama waiting for the right moment or will the fbi be allowed to do their job and put hillary behind bars? are joe biden and elizabeth warren standing by in the wings? one thing we know for sure
 i wake up in a house that was built by slaves” [video]"
" it s not a question of curiel s hispanic heritage. it s the web of his connections that gives the appearance of bias in favor of hillary clinton and against republicans.    former bush ag alberto gonzalezformer attorney general in the bush administration
"this ridiculous article by politico
"***language warning*** why is it acceptable for people who come from other damn countries to be proud of their country
"maybe hillary or bernie can use this footage in their next campaign ad. what a great way to bring american voters over to their side a poster on twitter who identifies as a black muslim man claims to have been the person seen on news video chasing and tackling a young white male trump supporter following a trump rally in san jose thursday. using the twitter handle  houdini @sizzle_seyf 
"here s how bill is paying back years of loyalty by his enabling wife hillary
"the strategy of the left is war and that s why every american should hear it: angela davis on defeating trump:  we have to do whatever is necessary here s the truth about davis from frontpage mag and then the article below it is from a liberal publication so take it with a grain of salt.frontpage mag provides some background on davis:who is davis? she s a communist and a supporter of the black panther party as well as homicidal british black power cult leader michael x and the soledad brothers   who were acquitted of a prison guard s murder in 1970.that year
"did you know that government regulations would keep bernie marcus from starting home depot today? new businesses across america are being strangled by  faceless bureaucrats and politicians who erroneously believe that government  can do it better.    bernie marcushome depot founder and former jeb bush-backer bernie marcus has endorsed republican presidential candidate donald trump
"the insanity continues! the outrageous invasion on our southern border has been so out of control in the past seven years but it s gotten to crisis mode recently with a huge surge in illegals from all over the world. yes
trashy michelle brings out her radical lying and twisting to brainwash college graduates this is our first lady! if i didn t know better i d think she was talking about the anti-trump protesters as the haters and dividers. she makes the most racist claims in a speech that should be inspiring for the graduates. throwing assumptions out like poison arrows one after another. you can hear the hate and bitterness in her voice. but wait! didn t she spend 20 years in rev wright s hate-filled church? trump has not done anything but rally americans in a great way! patriotism has skyrocketed during his campaign. he has said he wants illegal aliens to be deported. he also said that many of the illegals are rapists and murderers. he is correct in that statement. how can anyone turn what trump has said into anything other than the truth? 
"barack obama s legacy will be a divided
 throw objects at her face and head"
"yet another assault on a trump supporter by a thug at a trump rally in san jose
"one thing donald trump is really great at is delivering one-liners that resonate with people because they re true. this is why trump will win in a landslide! americans are so sick of the pandering politicians who sugar-coat everything. trump is a refreshing change and oh so witty. here s an epic one-liner on the pga move from miami to mexico: i hope they have kidnapping insurance. presumptive republican nominee donald trump is responding to the pga moving the 2017 world golf championship to mexico instead of holding it at trump doral in miami. they move the world golf championships from miami to mexico city
"they preyed on the poor in latin america. they promised them an education
 fox news for angering “white people”…”anti-government” attitudes [video]"
this is seriously concerning! james rosen calls out the effort to censor his question and the answer regarding iran at a press conference. 
 dictator maduro endorses fellow socialist bernie sanders"
"there is a stark difference between these two veterans. perry o brien
"ironically
this is too good to miss! mr. teleprompter didn t do so well when he went off script during an appearance in indiana. 
"how many times have the press and the left admonished trump for saying we need to do a better job of vetting the refugees coming into america? call me  racist
"69 people were shot in gun-free chicago over this past memorial day weekend. meanwhile barack obama is busy working with black lives matter terror groups to point fingers at law enforcement and white people for the crisis majority black neighborhoods are facing in their communities. when will the media start exposing the truth about gun-free zones in america? it should be clear to every american that violent gun related crimes don t stop because you put up a gun-free zone sign in a neighborhood filled with bad guys.instead of focusing on broken families
"well
"#feelthebern of incompetence a survivor of the 2012 benghazi siege that claimed the lives of four americans and subject of the movie  13 hours  repudiated hillary clinton thursday night in connecticut s largest democratic stronghold.kris  tanto  paronto
"so let it be said so let it be done.i don t remember anyone asking if americans were okay with the month of june being dedicated to homosexuality. how quickly we mere citizens have morphed into nothing more than serfs in king hussein-obama s kingdom lesbian
"an anonymous post translated into english has touched a nerve in germany. a 50-year old woman describes her life with the flood of  refugees  and how she cannot trust her government anymore. note the many similarities with america under obama. (r sum  of a german woman)i am almost 50 years old
"it s really quite ironic that the guy who has paid and non-paid protesters inciting violence and riots at virtually every trump rally across america is being attacked by leftists on him home turf. seriously though   bernie sanders is as far left as a politician can go without becoming a declared communist. what bone could a leftist protester possibly have to pick with bernie? the guy is like santa claus
"this video exposes the underbelly of the illegal alien community and the hate they have for anyone who would enforce the rule of law in america. based on the conversation these irresponsible parents are having with their 3 year old child in the video
"donald trump held a press conference today to clarify every since bit of accusations made that he pocketed over six million dollars meant for veterans. basically
when will the media report on this nice group of illegal aliens and racist american thugs 
"even the most militant supporters of crooked hillary are (reluctantly) exposing the truth about her. fake black guy
 soldiers singing at ballparks is racist show of power…says 9/11 police officers aren’t heroes [video]"
"obama s historic embracing the communists tour wouldn t be complete without a stop in vietnam all on the american taxpayers dime
"a first hand look at the lie the media continue to perpetuate that all hispanics are against trump. wow! hispanic trump supporters scream at anti-trump mob:  go back to mexico!  #rollingthunder    cris   (@thepatriot143) may 29
"the americans who ve lost a loved one to an illegal alien are all but forgotten. you hear nothing from the main stream media about all of the crimes committed by people who come to america illegally.  donald trump has taken a special interest in the americans who re part of the remembrance project. it s a group dedicated to remembering their lost loved ones by doing what they can to prevent anyone else from having to go through what they have. we ve had this group on our radar for some time now and highly recommend whatever support you could give them. can you imagine knowing your loved one would be alive had it not been for our lax border controls? well
"chicago style politics buckle up america barry s just getting warmed up a federal judge has ordered the release of internal trump university documents in an ongoing lawsuit against the company
this guy is awesome! he is so right and so on point about his assessment of trump. 
"donald trump addressed thousands of motorcyclists
the anti-trump protesters stoop to a new low and when challenged by the cameraman they verbally abuse him. these people need a big reality check! thank goodness for the rebel pundit cameraman who caught this on video. 
"if anyone were to tell you 20 years ago that a career criminal
"this speech
this is rich! a live feed from msnbc was trying to show how great the anti-trump protesters were behaving but all of a sudden a guy yells out a disgusting sexual phrase. fair warning! 
hillary clinton has had a loooong career at lying at twisting things. here s a great video to share with everyone you know! 
"it was actually refreshing to see the cops fighting back against an unruly mob of mexican flag carrying rioters in san diego (watch video here). it s interesting to see how little coverage the threats against donald trump s life are getting by the press. could you imagine a legal american tea party member threatening the life of hillary? do you think you d have to scour conservative news sources to find that story? no need to answer that hundreds of protesters gathered outside a donald trump rally on friday
"mind blowing incompetence and reckless disregard for the lives of these brave men and women by politically appointed leftists a new service award recently created by u.s. customs and border protection (cbp) for border patrol agents could actually put their lives at risk. the award recognizes an agent who does not use deadly force in a situation where they are confronted by an armed assailant.  they want us to put ourselves in a bad tactical situation
"you will not believe this woman! barbara norton claims in the video below that the declaration of independence is a lie and is racist. who elected this loony lady? louisiana state rep barbara norton says that not all men are created equal from the house floor
"as much as hillary clinton wants to spin the definition of the trouble she s in
"are police officers finally getting sick and tired of walking around on eggshells while being disrespected and abused by the obama-soros f*ck the police crowds?  it s good to see our law enforcement officers actually doing what they re paid to do without coddling bernie and hillary s basement dwellers watch: protesters outside trump rally start to attack sd police officers
"are these protesters at the trump rally in fresno
"we couldn t have said it better! the brilliant krauthammer rips into obama for his visit to hiroshima epic! krauthammer: obama closed the apology tour today in hiroshima. and to say it wasn t a form of apology
jimmy kimmel writes a second book for trump pretty great! 
 rino’s and talking heads saying he’d never get 1237 delegates"
"what a unique way for a president of the united states to spend his memorial day weekend apologizing to a nation who wanted to destroy us
"ever the politician and excellent liar
"while hillary doubles down on her false claim that the rules were clarified after she left the state department
"the social rot continues in a city that was miraculously cleaned up on mayor giuliani s watch. all of the hard work rudy did to fight crime and make tourists as well as residents feel safe again will all be undone by one socialist mayor scofflaws of new york
"#feelthebernofsocialismunivision host leon krauze asked avowed socialist bernie sanders about the collapse of several latin american countries due to their failed socialist policies. angry bernie responded with well
"a texas imam agrees with republican presidential candidate donald trump s controversial suggestion that america set-up a  total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states  until further investigation can be done. the imam also said there should be a ban of syrian refugees of any religion.the imam
"first it was the flush target  campaign
"girls aren t the only gender who will suffer embarrassment
"these are shocking revelations that have essentially taken place while america and our elected representatives slept.all of a sudden before obama there was virtually no outlandish presence of islam in america. only 7 years later
"one thing we re discovering is that trump has a way with one-liners that are hysterical! he s asked about liz warren and huffpo in a press conference. here s trump s funny retort:so
"barack obama s historic visit to hiroshima this week  will honour all those who were lost in world war ii  the us president said wednesday
"we ve said it before
great news! turmp reached the magic number!presidential candidate donald trump now has 1238 delegates that puts him over the magic number of 1237!
 in dark of night vote to approve obama’s transgender bathroom decree"
"well
"meanwhile
"i saw this live today and it was fantastic! this is the difference in the  special   moments with donald vs the manufactured moments with hillary. it s the real deal! guess what
"not that the word  legal  means anything to either one of them because hillary clinton is white and no longer young
"this will make you sick valerie jarrett is as much a liar as obama.in her  60 minutes  interview
"the anti-trump thugs are out in full force today but the anaheim police aren t playing around: anaheim california riot police vs protesters at trump rally american citizens should not have to walk through this!no american should have to walk a gauntlet of people holding foreign flags cursing in their face#anaheim  jared wyand (@jaredwyand) may 25
"if you have the time
"the obama s know how to go big and their post-white house adobe is no exception! it s a huge (8
"democrats making free and fair elections impossible in america. hmmm i wonder why obama
" was hillary clinton negligent or was she doing this on purpose? either way
 shut down free speech [video]"
"it s too late for these countries who ve been invaded by mostly young muslim male refugees to turn back the clock. bavaria is now being forced to do whatever they can to fight back against terrorism in their own backyards. you can t allow millions of unchecked muslim men to invade your sovereignty without paying an enormous price. asking refugees to police refugees is like asking prisoners in a jail to police themselves. when mostly muslim men have invaded a majority catholic state
"it s hard to tell what these black lives matter crybabies hate more gays with a different opinion than them or free speech meanwhile
"the clinton grifters have been at this scam for so long that it s hard to keep up with all the money. in 2007
it seems like a pretty easy mistake. after all he could easily have called hillary  obama 
"obama does it again he put his potical agenda before the american people! he s determined to fulfill his promise to close gitmo by releasing  the worst of the worst  of the terrorists currently jailed.the obama administration has quietly seeded the diplomatic bed for its next push to transfer detainees out of guant namo bay
phil robertson of duck dynasty has endorsed donald trump and weighs in on the two hottest topics on trump: 
a trump sign-stealer gets a verbal beatdown and discovers he s actually a trump supporter! bahaha! 
"we all know the defense of children comes dead last when it comes to the left. it s interesting how hillary helped to get a child rapist off (before she still had her law license taken away) and now nearly a decade later
 exposing bernie’s socialist agenda and embarrassing anti-trump #angerbabies"
"the biggest thing a president can do for the people is to protect them from an enemy. if you refuse to define the enemy then you really can t fight it correctly. obama and hillary clinton have both repeatedly denied that we re at war with islam and refused to name it islamic extremism. on the other hand
"bill s gonna wish his corrupt wife never ran for president by the time trump is finished exposing this family of grifters. this is more than just about trump winning
"it s no secret that terry mcauliffe is closely connected to the clintons. right before the election for governor of virginia
"vietnam has supposedly made modest gains in reducing human rights abuses but a catholic priest was just released after two decades in a vietnam prison. what on earth did this priest do? well
"for the first time since world war two
"trump has the left scrambling to figure out how they re going to stop the flow of illegal immigrants future democrat voters into america. the possibility that he will defeat hillary in a landslide election is becoming more and more real every day the chairman of the huge media company univision has coughed up $7 million to support hillary clinton
"wow! what a commie putz! after lifting the arms restrictions on vietnam
"thank goodness for  mandatory financial disclosures otherwise we d never know what complete grifters the clintons are! every american should read this list! it s a complete sellout for millions! there have been cries for transcripts of the speeches to be released but the more concerning thing is the simple fact that the clintons have taken money from horrible dictators and from all the huge banks and businesses you could possibly think of. also
judge jeanine rips into hillary clinton on her lame handling of just about everything to do with terrorism. she goes through several of hillary s pitfalls and gaffes making the point that it s hillary who s ill prepared to fight terrorism. 
"our doj and other government agencies are doing whatever they want to do with your money! congress is investigating the funneling of money to radical open borders groups: the use of these settlements to create incentives for shaping broader housing policy shows a disregard for separation of powers considerations inherent in the u.s. constitution. lawlessness rules the day in the obama administration unreal!justice department officials used unusual bank settlements to fund liberal activist groups without the consent of congress
"trump landslide in 5 4 3 2 1a new poll shows that donald trump has vastly improved his support among voters since becoming the presumptive republican nominee. the washington post/abc poll released saturday night shows that trump is now favored by 46 percent among registered voters
"what s not to love about this? one of the greatest pro golfers ever is on the trump train! jack nicklaus knows donald trump and had this to say about him:  actually
" says the women whose whole life has been a series of lies.hillary clinton on sunday effectively dismissed her two remaining white house rivals
"the worst thing is the number of white people and people with ties to law enforcement officers will pay to see one of the most influential
"it s been said that all presidents get the itch to travel in the last year of their term. obama s even said the plane is his numero uno favorite thing about being preezy. he gets to fly around on your dime. if that s not bad enough
"former cia director robert gates rips into obama for his refusal to say the troops are in a combat role in the middle east. obama s doing a great disservice to our troops! ever since american forces have been deployed to fight isis
"the clinton campaign just managed to commit the biggest blunder of the presidential race yet! bill needs a hobby! he s not helping hillary on the campaign trail. he had a finger wagging moment with some black lives matter folks and now this!the media are protecting the clinton campaign
 will hurt north dakota economy"
"is it possible the french have lost their appetite for our pro-open borders hollywood liberals misrepresenting the truth about the inundation of muslim men into their towns and communities? cannes   another day
"the religion of progressivism is working overtime to erase and replace christianity in the lives of americans. god is nothing more than a nuisance. he only gets in the way of a more  accepting  religion the left has been cultivating for decades
"the clinton grifters were fantastic mentors to the obamas each donation of $100
"the self proclaimed  feminist  apparently has no problem with using physical force against a woman who is part of a party that opposes his radical ideology apparently
"this is maddening! we have a president and congress who do nothing but promote illegal entry into america treason! the obama administration has been releasing thousands of criminal illegal aliens onto our streets. in just the last three years
"who goes to a wedding and doesn t bring a gift? who brags about going to a wedding and not bringing a gift?  hillary admits she and bill thought the wedding would be  fun .grifters opportunists the clinton s that s who when hillary clinton and husband bill attended donald trump s 2005 wedding
"so it begins the suing of americans who don t agree with obama s dangerous decree that allows men to use the little girl s room at will. will the first little girl who is raped in the target bathroom receive the same media attention and compassion as this man will get from leftist lgbt agitators and progressive pigs of america? d.c. police have charged a security guard at a giant grocery store with simple assault after a transgender woman said the guard forced her out of the women s restroom. ebony belcher
"the baton rouge
"the people who are angry about her wearing this hat should also be angry at the  hate america  indoctrination our children are getting at school
"just another upstanding citizen who s been invited to the white house by our community organizer in chief birds of a feather who can forget when obama s speech about  child safety  was interrupted by a rapper who was wearing an ankle bracelet for kidnapping went off?and then there was the rapper tef poe
"the story you ll never see in the mainstream media..when corporal ryan stickney and 200 of his fellow marines prepared to return to their families after operation desert storm in 1991
"the leftist agenda in action blurring the lines of sexuality
"watch juan williams make several attempts to shame fox five host
"remember the hope poster that became a huge hit? well
"the discussion bret stephens had with his 10 year old son
"perhaps a few random flash mobs protesting target s decision to put the feelings of .01% of our population before the safety of our women and children are in order?video showing a woman protesting the bathroom policy at target has gone viral. a video posted on youtube shows the woman
"the democrat s war on mostly  ugly women former pennsylvania gov. ed rendell believes that donald trump will ultimately lose the support of women because of his past comments
"two white guys living in a state where 96% of its residents are white
this is a great interview with greta on fox! why isn t trump vetting texas governor greg abbott for vice president? listen to this strong willed conservative on how he ll push back on obama s crooked iran deal we say bravo! 
"obama is against trump  check the media are against trump  check the establishment democrats are against trump  check the establishment republicans are against trump  checkthe un is against trump  check the eu is against trump  check china is against trump  check mexico is against trump soros is against trump  check black lives matter is against trump  check move on is against trump  check koch brothers are against trump  check bushes are against trump   checkplanned parenthood is against trump .check hillary & sanders are both against trump   check illegal aliens are against trump   check islam is against trump   check kasich & cruz are against trump   check hateful
"if you re wondering about what s happening with the democrats
"there are people within the obama administration and within the mexican government who are fans of the movement to make america and mexico a fluid nation. after you read the information below
000 “top secret” emails from hillary…why judge napolitano says this is very bad news for hillary [video]"
" hillary is the embodiment of corruption and therefore the death of the republic  said author and political commentator mark steynthe brilliant mark steyn is always spot on in his commentary. he s one of our favorite political commentators. he sent a message to anyone even remotely considering voting for hillary and it s a perfect assessment of what will happen if hillary becomes president. author and political commentator mark steyn is warning that a hillary clinton presidency would mark the beginning of the end of the republic. this is insane
"democrats want to spend a whopping $2 billion on zika virus prevention. republicans are demanding more controls so rubio is calling them stingy with federal dollars. is this guy really a republican? just two months after running as one of the conservative candidates in the gop presidential race
"in 1995
"this nightmare could have all been prevented if america was able to look past their unwarranted white guilt  for one second
"it s interesting how much vitriol some women harbor for successful men who date beautiful women
"great advice from a woman who has 24-7 security and lives in an imaginary world. her life and the life of her children will likely never be affected by a  rapefugee  or terrorist who is greeted with open arms by naive leftists angelina jolie pitt
"only the strongest will survive in the dog-eat-dog world of socialism. this is the result of a society that believed the government is more capable of running their lives than they are. this is bernie s world. this is the reality of the utopia bernie has been promising his supporters. these are the same policies hillary is promising she ll support if she s able to escape federal prosecution before the election. by morning
 shops around new “obama presidential center”"
"wow! it was an all out brawl at the nv dem convention: the hill reported: tensions were high at the democratic convention in nevada saturday
 ‘hey trump
"perhaps a little  trigger warning  therapy is in order?a cartoonist has been accused of racism after he portrayed michelle obama as masculine and butch next to a pageant-ready melania trump in a controversial drawing.#intrumpsamerica the #firstlady will be great again! #trump2016  pic.twitter.com/g2sobjfxsi  bengarrison cartoons (@grrrgraphics) may 13
 will ferrell and other leftist celebrities to extravagant nordic state dinner for purpose of sending “strong message” to putin"
wow! what are the democrats hiding? watch the just-released trailer for  hillary s america: the secret history of the democratic party.  
"just another classless act in the life of  president  barack obama president obama s twitter account
megyn kelly is her usual trump bashing self in this sneak peek of her interview with the donald: 
 but not a wall [video]"
"beware of morning talk show hosts turned  news  personalities. the katie couric s and matt lauer s of the world are some of the most radical and dangerous propagandists in the media today. we are unknowingly  being fed gun control with a cherry on top
"only 38 states to go. obama is going to do more damage to the fabric of america in his final 7 months in office than any other president in history the ink was barely dry on president obama s guidance regarding gender-neutral bathrooms   the administration told u.s. public schools on friday to let transgender students use bathrooms and locker rooms according to gender identity   when opposing voices started shouting.and at least 7 of those voices in 6 states so far belonged to high-ranking state officials
"we all know bill clinton is a sexual predator. the big question now is
 dubbed the “energizer” gets $2 million from clinton “charity”"
"better a blow-up doll than an actual citizen
"jeff daniels channels his role as acn s  will mcavoy  from hbo s  the newsroom  to respond to question about trump vs hillary. the only problem with daniels answer is
 erica garner makes campaign ad for sanders [video]…oops! bernie’s support for insane taxes killed her dad"
"amazon ceo jeff bezos is using the washington post and a team of 20  diggers  to take down donald trump. bezos bought the washington post and is using it to dig up dirt on trump to prevent him from being president. trump responds in the video below:  he s using the washington post for power so that politicians in washington don t tax amazon like they should be taxed  he s using that for political power against me and against other people. and i tell you what
"a congressman decided to come clean about what really goes on in dc and it s not pretty. for one thing
"dinesh d souza s  hillary s america  will debut in theaters in july.  clinton cash  is a documentary that investigates donations made to the clinton foundation by foreign entities
"note to target ceo: when you endanger the safety of little girls and women in your stores
"doesn t this compromise her ability to be objective?bill and hillary clinton received at least $100 million from autocratic persian gulf states and their leaders
"we wholeheartedly approve former house speaker newt gingrich is now the leading candidate to be tapped by donald trump as his running mate
"there s nothing quite like an arrogant actor who lives in europe
"matt schlapp
"we ve written about the amazing filmmaker
"wouldn t it have been great to see mitt fight as hard to reveal the truth about barack hussein obama
"obama inspired hate...the latest on a man charged with setting a massive fire that destroyed an unfinished los angeles apartment complex (all times local):3:10 p.m.a man has been ordered to stand trial for arson over a fire that incinerated a los angeles apartment building and caused $100 million in damage.fifty-seven-year-old dawud abdulwali appeared in court wednesday. he earlier pleaded not guilty.prosecutors say abdulwali set fire to the unfinished de vinci complex downtown in december 2014. the seven-story complex was completely destroyed and the heat blew out windows at nearby office towers.at wednesday s hearing
"a united states air force squadron leader whistleblower is speaking out and telling the truth about how they could have reached benghazi to help on the night of the attack that killed four americans. unfortunately
" no challenge  poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change.    obama state of the union speech
lou dobbs rips into paul ryan and it s really awesome! every word of his commentary is spot on! bravo! 
"it s not shocking that hillary s lying again
"this is a great clip from ralph peters
"obama is clearly attempting to strip americans of our right to express our opinions on social issues based on our religion or morals. americans have found themselves in a scary place
"a clinton supporter at camden community college introducing hillary clinton caught herself when reciting the pledge of allegiance   yes
"how very moderate and tolerant of sadiq khan
"seriously? vp biden wants us all to know he regrets not running because he  would have been the best president . yikes!vice president joe biden spoke with gma in an interview that aired wednesday morning
"at a campaign event hillary clinton talked to a small business owner who has been hit hard by obamacare. the health insurance for her family has risen dramatically
"do we even need to ask how 16 white west point cadets posing in uniform
the deception was really a  glitch sure! 
donald trump released a brilliant video with clips from hillary s lying and heartless treatment of benghazi victim s families: 
"one of the most interesting and insightful pieces you will read on the reason americans are drawn to trump where did all the trump voters come from
 cats and birds
"wow these sound exactly like the type of people we want living next door to us. it s not so hard to see why so many americans are enthusiastic about trump s promise to build the wall build the wall!the huffington post has published a photograph (above) of former mexican president vicente fox giving donald trump the finger
wow! these guys are so proud of their scummy lies to america to get obamacare through. there s a special place in hell for these jerks  
"it is truly a shame that our nation has $25 million dollars to waste on phony climate change.  that money could  have gone a long way in helping children and adults who are suffering and dying of malnourishment. this president and the democrats who support his phony war on climate change should be ashamed of themselves. a $25 million u.s.-funded project to help guatemala combat global warming is being slammed as another taxpayer-backed boondoggle after a new audit highlighted a series of problems   including numerous inaccuracies in the group s work and a failure to produce a required long-term plan.without the plan
"the center for immigration studies is amazing at getting to the facts in the immigration battle: they bring to the table a huge set of figures that should shock every american into action on the state and federal level. the bottom line is that you are paying way too much for legal and illegal immigrants to come to america and live off of your tax dollars! we cannot and should not go on like this! please read up and share!a new study on the use of welfare benefits by illegal and legal immigrants in the u.s. finds that households headed by immigrants use an average of $6
"democrats looking for attention and along with every celebrity who has been able to find their way to the burned out city of flint
"who knew legendary rocker roger daltrey was such a patriotic guy? the who s lead singer
 trump and the true meaning of fairness and equality [video]"
"dr ben carson gives his take on loretta lynch calling the north carolina bathroom law controversy like jim crow:  everything is like jim crow. everything is like racism and segregation and slavery. what a bunch of crap. you know
 but demands we welcome hundreds of thousands of muslims to america"
obama spoke to graduates of howard university and managed to offend and confuse everyone with his jerky speech. he told these grads they re lucky among other things in this rant-filled lecture. no words just shock! 
"dennis miller is has a fantastic way of drilling down a topic to gewt to the heart of it with a comedic twist now actor-comedian dennis miller is going after the #nevertrumpers:don t kid yourself. at this point
"we know firsthand what it feels like to be a  victim  of facebook. four years ago
"a judge just told us all what we ve known for 7 years the obama administration lies like a rug to cover up or to further their agenda. this is the third time a judge has slapped down the obama white house for their  lack of transparency liars all! the funny thing is that the judge said he s  troubled  by all this lying and  misleading the court yes
"the economic devastation is very real in west virginia. obama promised to shut down the coal industry as one of his bold campaign promises in 2008. hillary s plan is to keep the dream of shutting down the coal industry alive long after obama is out of office. coal miners are taking and stand and letting america know they are not going to sit back and watch their livelihoods and towns destroyed by a radical leftist president. watch here: let s put it this way. hillary clinton says she s going to shut you down. bernie sanders says the same thing. then you got donald trump saying we re going to put you back to work
"admiral ace lyons has warned us all before in a viral video about obama and his  transformation  of our military. he s yet another great commentary on what s happened to us and what the joint chiefs should do the joint chiefs of staff is the one institution that has the status to sound the alarm to warn the american public to stop the transformation of this great country and our military. failure to do so would be a dereliction of duty.  admiral lyons there is no question that america s worldwide leadership
"we may not agree with most of what rapper azalea banks has to say
"donald trump was on a phone interview with cnn s chris cuomo and let him have it! cuomo started out with a question about trump attacking hillary and trump was livid. it s damn refreshing to see the left wing media get a shove. bravo trump!  first of all you should congratulate me for having won the race. i thought
"a tale of a mother and the dangerous religion of progressivism putting her radical liberal ideology before the safety and well-being of her own children a swedish mother decided it would be a good idea to open up her home to a male refugee from eritrea
"obama and hud want to give one last freebie to the dem voters this fall using your tax dollars! this is a last big push to make the suburbs less white and less wealthy. stanley kurtz has written a book on this scheme and goes into great detail on the plan by obama to force a  fundamental change  in how we live. this is evil and doesn t work. it was tried in dallas with disastrous results! once again
a must watch video!
"the irony of the tweet put out on mother s day by planned parenthood is certainly not lost on us. the cognitive dissonance of a baby killing
this is great!  it s refreshing to hear somebody not be a wuss  -best line of the video! 
"(language warning:) if you re a donald trump supporter like gavin mcinnes
"this is it this is our last chance to turn the conservative ship around and put america first! chances are really great that if hillary is elected in 2016 that she ll spend not 4 but 8 years in the white house. get ready for 8 more years of the obama policy. want gun control? want soft socialism? if you want these two devastating things then vote hillary but if you don t then you need to back our candidate and fight hard as hell for a win in november. there is no perfect candidate so get over the things that you don t find perfect about trump. i honestly had a difficult time at first when i looked into romney s past political positions but felt he was a bright ray of conservative sunshine compared to obama. please listen to the fantastic speech on unity given by andrew breitbart that ll hit home. if you don t back our candidate then you are giving us liberal supreme court justices
"it wasn t a direct endorsement of trump
 london! here’s the lowdown on the muslim mayor who calls moderate muslims “uncle toms” [video]"
"that s gonna leave a mark former vice president dick cheney will support donald trump
 
"karma s a bitch or is it the other way around? la doesn't seem to like hillary clinton..her campaign rally today lasted less than a minute. this is over half of it pic.twitter.com/5iwqttutqv  alison arkin (@cronikeys) may 7
"hillary clinton was asked a question about the fbi contacting her or her representatives and gave a flat out lie does she not know americans read and watch the news? this is nutty behavior! granny needs to get a grip and come clean!does hillary clinton figure she can say whatever she wants as long as it s not exposed as a lie that same day?on tuesday
"she doesn t  do police  until someone threatens to do harm to her or someone she knows richland county
"watching this video will help anyone who is curious about why the city of detroit continues to be bailed out of trouble like an irresponsible child with a trust fund. this video of detroit city council member monica conyers (d)
 unserious…”this is not a reality show”"
"when the fence keeps them from making it to the polls
"as if this news
 un-vetted muslim immigrants on notice…drops names of like-minded cabinet members…liberal heads explode!"
senate  lifer  john mccain was caught on tape complaining about what a trump candidacy would do to hurt his chances for yet another reelection:
"wow! apparently paul ryan forgot that trump won the nomination because the majority of americans chose him as their candidate. it s not about who the republican elites choose paul. should we just do away with elections altogether and let the establishment republicans choose our candidate for us? the people of the party he belongs to have chosen a nominee   thursday on fox news channel s  hannity
"just before an iranian-american businessman was freed from jail in iran in oct. 2010
donald trump held a rally in west virginia and was endorsed by the coal miners well done! 
"of course obama the putz blames too little government for the poisoned water crisis in flint obama to congress on flint aid: #doyourjobon a trip focused on letting flint residents know they have not been forgotten
"hillary has to be one of the worst candidates to ever get this far in a presidential race. she has no idea what the american people truly want. like every good progressive
"wow! this 21 year old texan woman recently penned a letter to the waco tribune herald in waco
"house speaker paul ryan has sour grapes about trump isn t this about the will of the people and not the party? instead of embracing the movement that is so amazing with the trump campaign
"the globalists aren t happy which is a signal that the republican party chose the right guy. the people spoke and their guy is trump like it or not.the bush family just announced they re going to be mia during the 2016 election and now the romney family has followed suit.the republican national convention in july is going to be missing some of the party s most recognizable faces. all of the living former republican nominees for president said they are skipping the cleveland convention with the exception of bob dole
businessman paul nehlen is challenging paul ryan for his seat in congress. what do you think of this commercial? 
"below are two examples of the pro-cuba sentiment by the lefty media:travel to cuba is the newest thing among the pseudo-cool useful idiots:sanders noted how many of those on board were eager to get to the island before it was spoiled by capitalism:  the cuba they will see has many americans anxious to get here before it all changes.  passenger sedrick tydus quipped:  i want to get there before burger king shows up.  sanders laughed and repeated line:  before burger king shows up. after the obama administration granted a full roster of concessions (in exchange for nothing) to the communist regime
"as a side note
"west virginia has been devastated by a loss of 10
"if this is what s to come
"this is a shocker! the very dry and serious chief white house  correspondent ed henry has been caught in a sexual affair with a vegas beauty. fox news announced he s taking some time off to  sort things out . a married fox news host is taking some time off after his mistress did a tell all revealing salacious details of their alleged affair.natalia lima spoke with in touch and shared how her relationship with fox news chief white house correspondent ed henry
"a message from a 100% fed up mom to her facebook friends:dear friends
"wow! john kasich finally got the message and is dropping out of the race for president. can you believe it? just last night he said he was continuing on to win in a contested convention.  ohio gov. john kasich plans to suspend his run to be the gop presidential nominee
"donald trump won the state of indiana in a landslide tonight. ted cruz suspended his campaign in front of a tearful and shocked room of supporters:.@tedcruz: ""and so with a heavy heart we are suspending our campaign."" #tedcruz #cruz #inprimary  cspan (@cspan) may 4
"hey glenn
000 votes"
"the video hillary and the left will not want america to see today
"proof that sanity still exists on college campuses.capitalists on campus won t have to stand by any longer while communists and socialists celebrate may day
wow! hillary clinton is confronted by a coal worker and then spins her way out of it by lying again! 
great parenting huh?
"this is not a fluke. after years of towing the union line
"anyone who s been paying attention can tell you that obama s agenda comes before the american people. you could play  let me count the ways  for days with this president but here s one that s a doozy: president obama has budgeted $17
"apparently being the daughter of the most corrupt political couple in america comes with some pretty significant financial benefits politico reported last year:when hillary clinton s speaking fees proved too steep for one public university last year
"note to target there aren t any feminine product dispensers on the wallremember when there wasn t any  gray area  when it came to which restroom you would choose in america? for as long as restrooms have existed in the united states
"what kind of monsters teach their children to behave like this? young illegal  dreamers  and their parents flip off trump supporters while yelling expletives you would expect to hear in a prison
"dr. cynthia mckinney reveals hillary s murderous past with benghazi
 union workers explain why they’re voting for trump [video]"
" the difference between us and them is that we listen to them  says the husband of the woman who is hell-bent on  fulfilling obama s promise to completely shut down the coal industry. never mind that it has devastated generations of coal workers and entire communities supported by the coal industry. bill clinton was repeatedly interrupted by protesters during a rally for hillary clinton in logan
" i am deeply offended by your campaign
judge jeanine pirro had trump supporter bobby knight on her show to explain why he endorsed trump: 
"this video would be on a 24/7 mainstream media loop if the man who was brutally attacked by an angry mob was a bernie sanders or hillary supporter. will we ever see the faces or know the names of the 17 people arrested at this violent anti-trump riot? when will these people be treated like the domestic terrorists they are? injured trump supporter cole bartiromo tells how he was brutally assaulted by a group of 20-30 anti-trump protesters  trump's got my vote (@veganvecoh) may 1
"what the what?  i had to start firing people
this is stephen crowder at his best so smart and so funny! 
" a new movie about the clinton grifters couldn t be coming-out at a better time the day before the democratic convention! the book that raked through the complex web of political
these trump protesters are so out of control with their hate and violence yet it s trump who s being blamed for hateful rhetoric. the truth is that these protesters don t want free speech unless it s theirs. they have no respect for anyone else and certainly not for authority. reality hit this anti-trump gal on the head when mid-interview he shocked her when he told her trump had made it into the building to speak. the look of shock on her face was priceless: 
"meanwhile trump is about to make history for claiming the most votes ever in the history of the gop primaries. what was that the mainstream media keeps saying about trump not being able to beat hillary? former secretary of state hillary clinton has badly underperformed in 2016 compared with her first run for president in 2008
"crazy mob vandalizes
"a bi-product of obama s divided america the lgbt community has been fighting a decades-long culture war to be included in the fabrics of american society   and it s winning.yet when it comes to their graduation ceremonies
"domestic terrorists are ramping up the violence against innocent americans and the republican presidential front-runner
"watch: @realdonaldtrump exits his speech in california by climbing over a barricade to avoid protesters.watch: @realdonaldtrump exits his speech in california by climbing over a barricade to avoid protesters.  fox news (@foxnews) april 29
"governor mike pence just endorsed ted cruz but it was at best a lackluster endorsement that smells of back room deals in the republican establishment. pence endorsed cruz but went on to say he would support the eventual nominee  with all my heart .indiana gov. mike pence commends donald trump but endorses ted cruz    cnn politics (@cnnpolitics) april 29
"did target really believe that 99.8% of americans were going to be silent in the face of a decision that puts the safety of our women and children in jeopardy in order to satisfy the desire of a percentage of the .2% of americans who consider themselves to be transgender? i cancelled my debit card with target and lodged a complaint with their headquarters in minneapolis. i would urge anyone who reads this to do the same. here is the number to their corporate office: i called 612-304-6073 to cancel my #target debit card.stand up to companies who put political ideology before customers #targetmissedthemark  100% fed up! (@100percfedup) april 25
"a california donald trump rally turned into a violent riot by mostly young latinos. this is the result of open borders lawlessness and disregard for other people s right to free speech:hundreds of demonstrators filled the street outside the orange county amphitheater where donald trump held a rally thursday night
"and the winner is the  anti-billionaire or the guy who detests rich people or how about the guy who made a lot of people rich during his campaign
the left keeps talking about how hateful the trump supporters are but all the vitriol is coming from the commies who keep pepper spraying little kids and old people. who does this? 
"one millennial is 100% fed up! with her generation. it all started when millennial alexis bloomer watched an elderly man limping into the post office
 liberal will ferrell makes movie mocking ronald reagan’s alzheimer’s…reagan’s daughter has a few choice words for him"
 changing rooms will face fine or jail time"
"as millions of dollars of union dues flow into the democrat coffers
 george clooney wife
"a world war ii veteran attended the trump rally today at the hilbert circle theater in indianapolis. the veteran asked donald trump and bobby knight to discuss leadership. here s the great response from bobby knight:  that was very nice of you to say that. i appreciate that. but let me tell you another thing about mr. trump. and i think we re a little bit alike in that regard. if we re involved in something that we want to win
"it sure would be nice to have a president and congress who took this whole illegal alien thing seriously irs commissioner john koskinen told a senate panel on tuesday that the irs wants to continue to allow illegal aliens to use stolen social security numbers to file tax returns without allowing the numbers to be used for  bad  reasons. koskinen said it s in everyone s interest to have illegal aliens paying taxes.sen. dan coats (r-ind.) asked the koskinen to explain the policy after revealing that his staff looked into irs procedures and found that
"even the most hardened cruz supporters will be switching their votes when they hear about all of the sick liberals who are willing to leave america if trump gets elected. think of it as a public service donald trump said tuesday that he would be doing a  great service  to the united states if celebrities
"this is what it looks like when the  tolerant  left uses violence to promote their phony  tolerance  for others .a loser in the seattle seahawks t-shirt really hates donald trump. because he s too stupid to verbalize his position and too cowardly to take on anyone his own size or gender
"when you hear the left screaming about  hateful rhetoric  coming from the right
"this news should be enough to end hillary s obsession with becoming our next president. the democrats may be willing to ignore all of her criminal and immoral activities
 she wanted to be a girl
 5 cruz supporters drag 91 yr old conservative icon
establishment republican and never-trumper stephen hayes from the weekly standard was having a difficult time tuesday after donald trump won all five east coast primaries. steve says gop elites will look for a third party candidate if cruz cannot beat trump in indiana. 
if ignorance is bliss the happiest people on earth can be found outside a trump rally holding an anti-trump sign enjoy:
"after much back and forth between the white dude wearing a  black lives matter  t-shirt and the black man who appears to be acting as security for corrupt hillary
"this video of conservative comedian steven crowder should be an example for every conservative in america on how to handle the well-trained left!  it should be used in training sessions for conservatives about how to fight back against the loud
"share this everywhere remember when the media breathlessly chased hillary s  scooby  van in iowa?unfortunately for hillary
 hurtful” message supporting trump… hispanic students call emergency meeting [video]"
donald trump was in rhode island yesterday for a rally and his arrival sent grown men and women into a frenzy. the supporters started chasing his bus to get an up close and personal view. when have you ever seen grown men and women running towards a politician? this is unreal! 
"it s easier to hate trump and spew venom at him and his supporters than to use logic and reason donald trump has already forced mexico to clean up its national image
"unfortunately
"don t let hillary s cheerleaders in the mainstream media convince you that she can beat trump. trump has proven himself to be a formidable opponent and don t forget that hillary was beaten by an amateur jr. senator in 2008. i ve consistently said throughout the analysis of this race that i would not want to run against donald trump because i think he s the most dangerous candidate. give me ted cruz
"it s good to be worth tens of millions of dollars when you discover you need more than a vagina to win the democrat nomination hillary clinton-aligned super pac
"yep the guys who is caught on tape openly advocated for killing cops is the same guy msnbc hired to host his own show. it s the same guy who makes regular visits to our white house to discuss  strategy  with our race baiter in chief. imagine if this was a white man calling for a group of people to kill cops. would his presence at the white house be tolerated by a single american? yet
you gotta love the socialist duck analogy 
"as the gop paves the way for hillary the campaigns of ohio gov. john kasich and texas sen. ted cruz have announced they are clearing paths for each other in certain states in an effort to deny donald trump the necessary delegates to win the republican nomination. having donald trump at the top of the ticket in november would be a sure disaster for republicans
"hillary has been pandering like crazy during this election season. she pulled out a southern accent in south carolina and then claimed to carry hot sauce in her purse. yes
 you don’t let a friend down” [video]"
 another race baiting
"our racist first lady made an impact on the graduates of jackson state by turning her commencement speech into a political rant way to go michelle! everything is about the  shtruggle  with this radical ideologue. she s probably the worst person to pick for anything uplifting because in her eyes it s all about being a victim. can t wait to see her leave the white house!in a rare entrance into a politically charged controversy
 joining a gang is like having a family it s feeling like you re part of something bigger than yourself we re going to have positive gangs.    hrc 
 made deal with iran
"so in other words
"is this common sense law even practical given how many muslims migrants with ties to terrorism have already embedded themselves in communities across europe. the mass sexual assaults and rapes that took place on new years eve in germany should be a pretty good indicator of how interested these male muslim migrants are in assimilating.  german chancellor angela merkel s ruling coalition agreed thursday on tough measures to spur the integration of migrants and refugees
 close clinton friend gives 206
"donald trump was in waterbury
"a new report tells us what we already knew about hillary s speeches government contractors paid clinton big bucks for speeches opening a conflict of interest up that calls into question the ethics of the woman who wants to be our next president  grifters like the clintons don t care much for ethics though so this will be spun by the mean stream media and her supporters. pitiful! washington (ap)   it s not just wall street banks. most companies and groups that paid democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton to speak between 2013 and 2015 have lobbied federal agencies in recent years
" jodie foster gives a dose of common sense to set the record straight on the phony war on women being pushed by the left: i don t think there is a big plot to keep women down jodie foster said she s tired of people oversimplifying the issue of gender equality in hollywood
"imagine what it must be like to be one of the only people in america who doesn t have to abide by any of our laws. apparently it pays to be a clinton.even though it s against the law to campaign inside the polling place or within 100 feet of the measured entrances of the polling place in ny
000 more people vote for hillary"
"global climate cooling warming change frauds around the world are celebrating earth day today. if they were just celebrating god s glorious gift to mankind that would be one thing
"this is a powerful story of a courageous young woman who is fighting for the rights of women and children everywhere in america to feel safe in public bathrooms and locker rooms. it is a must read and share story.a few months ago
"the entitled generation .wearing a cardboard sign upon which  $226k  is written in green characters
"leftist disney owned espn has a strange way of determining who is and isn t the type of host they want to be the face of their network.  espn just fired baseball great curt schilling for sharing an opinion that was contrary to that of leftist disney owned espn when he shared this meme on his personal facebook page:schilling added
 she promises to reward voters by forcing them to pay double for soda"
the republican party has failed in its effort to steer the american people in their direction which is one of establishment politicians or else. the people are being ignored as the party elites huddle in meetings plotting and planning a way to get their guy instead of who the people want. even some republican delegates are saying they ll vote for hillary if trump is the nominee:republican delegate should be kicked out after exposing her plan if trump s the nominee [video]do these people really want 4 or 8 more years of obama? really?
"obama has filled his cabinet with radical  yes  men and women who hold similar anti-american
"leave it to obama to politicize our money some think the past presidents should be on the money but now obama s made our money like a postage stamp. he s made this political and racial which really is what you d expect from this pitiful man.abraham lincoln will not be the only person depicted on the $5 bill much longer.the treasury department announced wednesday that it will overhaul the design of the $5 note
"too bad for the gay pastor that whole foods had him dead center on their surveillance cameras. is it just my imagination or do gays seem to have it out for bakeries? on tuesday
"if you ve donated to the republican party
"wow! did hannity go too far with cruz or did he not go far enough?gop presidential candidate texas senator sen. ted cruz (r-tx) and talk radio and fox news channel host sean hannity engaged in a testy exchange over the delegate process on hannity s radio show on tuesday.hannity began the interview by asking
"the irony in obama s radical treasury secretary s decision to remove  racist  andrew jackson from the $20 bill
"mexico has been the beneficiary of our open borders for decades. it s really quite amazing how loudly they cry foul when we finally have a presidential candidate willing to stand up to this insanity and say
 and i will burn this…” [video]"
"this is big! in the name of security and state sovereignty
"is a third place finish for cruz a game changer?if #cruz comes in a distant 3rd in #nyprimary
"anyone who would look at these charts and still vote for hillary or bernie is basically saying
"father robert a. sirico
"obama s goal of making gun control a reality in the united states of america is one step closer
"america has proven time and time again that liberals in hollywood can say just about anything. the vile comments actress melissa gilbert made about child rape while hosting the view sound more like something a member of isis would make
"bernie sanders supporters radicals are asked how they feel about hillary. their answers are very telling. how many of these bernie supporters do you think will show up to the polls in november if hillary is the nominee?watch black lives matter communist terrorist denounce hillary at the 4:35 mark and the  check your white privilege girl  mark wearing a t-shirt honoring black panther and cop killer assata shakur at the 5:50 :judging by the responses of these bern-bots
"colonel ralph peters comments on what he thinks congress will do regarding releasing the 9/11 report. unfortunately
"the breakfast club interview started out when one of the hosts
leave it to judge jeanine to get to the heart of the matter! 
 
"so true! the freebies promised to americans on the backs of tax paying americans need to stop! the truth is the government really should provide protection
"we told you about the fancy affair obama was planning to host at the white house for black rappers last week. the latest development with the ankle bracelet on a criminal rapper makes you want to scream
 police remove naacp president from flight over argument with passenger"
"obama has filled his cabinet with radical  yes  men and women who hold similar anti-american
"boom!dear abby
"our government is giving out green cards like candy at double the rate to muslims over everyone else. a green card is a path to american citizenship so this is very important. besides the security risk
 the most ominous sign is that hillary s losing to a 74 year old socialist! these bernie beatings are taking a toll! 
"is anyone else getting sick and tired of hearing all of the baseless lies being told about trump? there is zero evidence that trump is a  racist
"for anyone who s sick to death of all the pc (politically correct) talk about who should be allowed in the bathroom
” then it was “little marco
 i don t really know about that    nice try hillary! 
saturday nght live s cold open last night brought back larry david as bernie sanders in a great skit about the brooklyn debate. julia louis-dreyfus reprises her role as elaine benes from  seinfeld    the best part of the skit was kate mckinnon who s spot on as hillary clinton. 
portland state university held its second students for trump rally and once again the radical commies and racists were there to try and shut down free speech. 
 dumping rotten yogurt in sunroof over trump bumper sticker: trump supporter has perfect response"
 “he’s going down!” [video]"
"american citizens are eligible to apply for small business loans
"the average american makes $52
"share this with everyone! there s a good reason (with the exception of the obama years) the united states of america has remained a world economic leader for most of its existence. hint for bernie sanders loyalists: it has nothing to do with socialism.if this easy to understand illustration explaining various economic systems was part of every student s education in america
 jewish
 investigating cops"
"what a great fit! tim tebow is such a good man and a newbie to politics which is a plus these days. with the announcement of the gop rep in the jacksonville
"i was in nordstrom yesterday when our salesperson asked my teenage daughter and i if we had seen the new  ivy park  collection by beyonce yet? my response to her was  no
 fears students might write “trump” word on campus sidewalks"
 you think those people are anti-love bahahaha! the left can t handle the truth! this is epic! 
 there are people out there who are giving their lives trying to make our elections secure and they re being called conspiracy theorists and technophobes. and these vendors are lying and saying  that everything s alright  and it s not alright. it s as though our country is one country and pretending to be another country. how can this be happening in our elections? watch: 
"it s a pity the millennials who support bernie sanders have never had to stand in a bread line. they ve never had to watch everything their parents have worked so hard for
 while his dad has brutal message that could destroy black lives matter"
pro-bernie sanders commie clashes with neil cavuto  
"trigger warning if liberal schools and badass campus cops offend you
"nypd assaulting protestors
"this video will make your day and give you hope for conservatism. no matter what candidate you re for
"of course
 disregard first amendment right"
you can thank the racist black lives matter paid protesters for this mayhem. they re trying to make it appear as though the people who support trump are violent racists. the police should use their full force to stop this now because it ll set an example for future attempts to rally. law and order comes first! you can blame obama s buddy george soros for stirring up this chaos. btw-trump has done nothing racist! he wants our border closed to illegals for the safety of americans. he also wants a moratorium on muslim refugees which is exactly what our fbi and dhs would recommend because they ve said we cannot vet these refugees. so what s the beef? 
"this letter was sent to 100% fed up! by an anonymous author:it doesn t matter who you support for president in 2016. this letter will make you want to stand up and cheer for the 80 year old american who expresses what most of us are feeling right now. enjoy rnc p.o. box 96994 washington dc 20090-6994dear representative
the social justice warriors are being terrorized by the chalk bandit bahahaha! 
"the majority of americans would likely find the choice of obama toilet paper to be humorous. the american flag floor mats however (see image below)
100 delegates to win [video]"
"the massive shroud of secrecy in muslim communities around the world is what causes people to question the motives of every muslim. aren t non-violent muslims who say they wouldn t report a terror plot as culpable as the radical muslims who commit acts of terror?  a new icm poll has discovered two out of three muslims in britain would not give the government any information if they knew details about a terror plot.these disturbing poll results seem to indicate the government s counter-terrorism program
liberal lunacy has taken over america! we have people fighting for a bike path yet our infrastructure is crumbling. priorities on a state and national level are so left leaning that it s simply nuts 
"you can blame obama for the hatred and division you see in this video. after 7-plus years of constant race baiting and pot stirring by obama and his minions
"was o reilly out-of-bounds? most americans would likely agree that we need to address the viability of employment opportunities for poorly educated americans of every race who are walking around with multiple facial piercings and tattoos on their faces.donald trump appeared on the o reilly factor monday night
"watch this video and you ll see why this man is being called  the most selfish man in politics king kasichthe most selfish man in politics. this is the  hashtag  that really should be shared! like us and share if you agree that we shouldn t be usurped!posted by raw conservative on tuesday
"has their ever been a more vengeful and hateful first lady?they are the elite group of women who occupy the east wing of the white house as their husbands serve as presidents of the united states.viewed as  the true modern power brokers of 1600 pennsylvania avenue 
"i m pretty sure trump will win with a yuge majority in new york without his kids votes. eric trump and ivanka trump won t be voting for their father
 i ve been a lifelong republican all of my life. i m ashamed to call myself a republican. 
the boston globe ran a sunday edition with a fake cover slamming donald trump for his desire to secure our border with mexico. it was kind of a look at how supposedly horrible life would be with a president who actually puts americans first. fake news is happening everywhere these days but it s a big deal when a major newspaper does it. this is yet another example of how the media is so desperate to hurt trump.the great thing is that there s the new media that responded almost immediately with a cover of obama. the different in this cover is that these horrible things are really happening under obama! way to go! 
"the big wigs of business are all in on the resettlement of muslim refugees all over america. there are 20 cities that have been chosen for their  welcoming  grant. this is soros money and corporate money to replace the american worker with foreign labor. it s legal and illegal workers who re provided sanctuary. is your town on the list?bob iger
"what could hillary be saying that s so top secret she doesn t want us to hear. the people at the fundraiser had to pay a whopping $27
"yep
"close your eyes and imagine a white professor telling his students there will be no peace as long as  blackness  exists. now picture that teacher in the unemployment line with about 100 cameras and reporters around him demanding he apologize for his blatant racism. imagine how many hard working parents are scrimping and saving to send their children to college to be part of a captive audience in this racist s classroom. parents better start speaking up and demanding these colleges and universities hold these radical
"the breaking point is fast approaching in a divided america obama couldn t have hoped for a better outcome in the final year of his failed presidency. americans fighting americans over race
"so you have to listen to this little speech by michelle obama and understand that she s totally lying when she speaks about  disturbing  and  hateful rhetoric . americans are not blowing themselves up or cutting heads off. if anything
"when a state has legislated themselves into an unrecoverable financial crisis
" donald trump has announced he would force mexico to pay for a  wall at the border by threatening to cut off billions of dollars in remittances sent by immigrants living in the united states.a snarky obama scolded donald trump on his plan: the implications in regards to ending remittances
"this is a must watch!according to american news
this is great! protesters let it rip on hillary! 
"it may be legal to lobby delegates
here s a first-hand look at the crazy state of affairs in venezuela! 
 pro-abortion socialist named bernie to the vatican…should conservative catholics be outraged?"
" the big question with the extradition of the hacker named guccifer: will he only be used to demonstrate how easy it was to crack max blumethal s private account and thus how negligent hillary was in handling classified material?we reported on the smoking gun release of guccifer s info on clinton/blumenthal exchanges. the e-mails between clinton and blumenthal expose what self-centered lunatics they are. unreal:testimony from state department employee on clinton s handling of classified information: the extradition of romanian hacker  guccifer  to the u.s. at a critical point in the fbi s criminal investigation of hillary clinton s email use is  not a coincidence
this is hysterical!here s the entire interview:
"where s the muppet dressed as a nun?oh wait that would probably be offensive to non-christians sesame street unveiled a fresh face thursday: a hijab-wearing afghani muppet named zari who will teach kids about  girl empowerment
"on march 20
"this is just one more fine example of why we can t allow a radical like hillary or bernie to choose our next supreme court justices. our rights are being threatened more and more every day. america s freedom has never been more at risk than it is today a new jersey man who s been flying donald trump s campaign flag in front of his home since february could face up to a $2
"no matter which candidate you support
" unlike when i was president
"ny gov. andrew cuomo (d) thinks he s the boss of you! he banned all non-essential travel to mississippi after the state passed a religious liberty bill that he called a  hateful injustice against the lgbt community.  can you believe this guy?  the bill
"bill clinton was in philly today and got swamped by protesters holding signs about black lives matter or benghazi. it was ugly but what was even worse is bill decided to give the blm protesters a dose of truth. that didn t go over too well and probably didn t win hillary any votes. it was a squirm-worthy moment in politics  one sign read:  hillary is a murderer  clinton got in a heated argument with black lives matter protesters as he was campaigning for his wife hillary clinton in philadelphia
a princeton professor gives viewers of fox news a shocking demonstration that proves how easily voter fraud is committed with electronic voter machines.watch here:
"whenever hillary cackles
"the obama s have not yet revealed if they ll be invited to celebrate  death to america  day in iran once again
 toxic sludge disaster…will attend un climate change meeting with obama instead"
"hillary may find out she needs more than black women drag her lying criminal ass over the finish line actress and bernie sanders supporter susan sarandon recently received shock and criticism for suggesting she may not vote for hillary clinton in the general election. she s not alone. according to a recent mcclatchy-marist poll conducted on march 29-31
" trump and palin etc
 she’s so beautiful and she’s so little!”"
"the number of law enforcement officials killed by gunfire is up 150% this year. in an effort to pander for the black vote
"this social media campaign against the gap is a great example of how the black lives agitators are using resources like twitter to intimidate and threaten individuals
"make no mistake about it
237 delegates?"
"did donald trump convince megyn kelly s loyal fan base that she really isn t so  fair and balanced  after all
please share this everywhere! especially to anyone considering voting for this nut job! 
"the new democrat party godless socialists
"ginni thomas is one of the most hard-working and patriotic women in america. as a contributor to the daily caller she has interviewed a number of interesting
" i m so proud of him. isn t that a great story? and to think   it shows the impact that you can have on people s lives.   so
"dinesh d sousa warned us about obama s reduction of our nation s nuclear stockpile in his movie
"boom! share this everywhere
"if someone would have told me in 2008 that we would be releasing muslim explosive experts from gitmo to a country where over 90% of its citizens were muslim
"president barack obama danced the night away in buenos aires   at a glitzy state dinner alongside argentine president mauricio macri and his first lady juliana awada as part of a two-day state visit. watch obama s dirty dancing display here.when he wasn t sporting a half-naked argentinian woman with her legs wrapped around him
"could the people behind this delusional candidate just give him the low down that he s got no chance at the republican nomination unless he steals it in that case he s even crazier and more passive aggressive than we thought. john kasich is saying it s going to be  cool  and the he thinks he s going to be the nominee: it s going to be so much fun. kids will spend less time focusing on bieber and kardashian and more time focusing on how we elect presidents. it will be so cool. republican presidential candidate john kasich said he thinks he has a good chance at a contested convention this summer. i believe that a convention will look at somebody like me
000 free-for-all for minorities in the biggest obama scandal yet"
"the  unborn person  is how clinton describes the baby in the womb. so if the  unborn  is a person then wouldn t it have rights?  this interview with clinton shows what a cold-hearted woman she is. she s all for late-term abortion like obama is but we skewer trump for being pro-life? the  unfavorable  ratings with women should be sky high for clinton. in an interview with chuck todd on nbc s  meet the press  airing on sunday
 black panther diva
 fake laugh when “grieving mom” brings up cheating bill [video]"
audio of karl rove on hugh hewitt   picking   fresh face   at convention could end up really helping the gop 
"thank goodness for judicial watch! over and over they have filed freedom of information requests on obama and his minions. at least they re trying to get to the bottom of the corruption but the stonewalling continues everyone s focused on hillary clinton s testimony before the fbi about the e-mail scandal.  but that s not the only fbi interview of a top obama official that s starting to get attention.there was another interview   with barack obama himself   that now is the subject of a freedom of information act lawsuit because the government is withholding details from the public. this lawsuit highlights the personal corruption issues of barack obama
"what a great example of how you should react to free speech respond back in kind. college students go off to learn and experience many different people and that means conservatives as well as liberals. the emory university s president is right on with his response to the freakout over pro-trump chalk drawings. emory university president james w. wagner chalked his own free speech message onto a campus sidewalk after students protested over pro-donald trump messages that they said threatened their safety.students had petitioned the administration to denounce the pro-trump chalkings that began appearing throughout the atlanta campus last week
 while ignoring hillary’s lesbian affairs revealed by same publication"
hillary clinton shows her true colors here with a finger wagging moment on the campaign trail: 
"trump s girls
"hillary clinton told us she was  dead broke  but it seems those $250 thousand dollar speeches add up to big bucks. the clintons are widely known to enjoy a high end hair cut. remember  hairgate  where bill caused a stink when he got his hair cut on air force one? well
 grabs cop’s gun
"was the gm bailout really about american jobs? the taxpayers were sold a bill of goods on the gm bailout and still haven t seen anything but jobs going overseas. the american worker and american taxpayer deserve better!in 2016
"when did americans decide they were okay with democrats exempting themselves from the same laws everyone else is required to follow? fox news reporter leland vittert had a brief exchange with al sharpton and baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake.vittert said he wanted rawlings-blake to answer a number of questions about the rioting over the past few days in the wake of freddie gray s death. he said he asked: what do you have to say to the number of officers injured
"the party s over or is it? hillary clinton and her aides will need to decide whether to lie or tell the truth to the fbi about her e-mail and official business. this puts them in a position of choosing between being honest about those emails
"our most pressing issue is border control and terrorism. if you ve been paying attention to the border issues
 very dangerous phase” [video]"
"u.s. rep. eddie bernice johnson (d-dallas) argued the beheading of two american journalists by isis does not justify u.s. airstrikes into syria thursday. during an interview on capitol hill
"americans had to know it would come to this. the anarchists
karl rove gets called out by eric bolling in a tense exchange where rove calls bolling  paranoid . this interview tells you no matter what candidate you support that the establishment plans on denying trump no matter what. 
"perhaps the focus should be on the epa and other government agencies who create an extremely hostile environment for manufacturing goods in america trump has repeatedly accused the company of outsourcing jobs to other countries and taking jobs away from american workers. ceo mark fields responded to trump s criticism in a recent interview with cnn s poppy harlow. he said ford is committed to adding jobs in the u.s.last july
dr. ben carson is so full of great common sense and wisdom! 
"b..b b but what about the wave the baseball game
000 veterans stripped of second amendment rights"
"well that didn t take long in the trains between leipzig and chemnitz the mrb is setting up some compartments for women traveling alone and mothers with children. the background for the alterations is a corresponding demand
"suggesting a person should be killed because the left disagrees with his desire to make america great again is beyond the pale but lets discuss micro aggressions and demands for safe spaces a tombstone for donald trump mysteriously appeared in central park this weekend
"this is great! more citizens need to take it to the establishment politicians who promise one thing to get elected and then do something totally different once in office. paul ryan needs to go and it sounds like this guy is the one to do it! a wealthy businessman with tea party ties confirmed sunday that he is mounting a primary challenge to house speaker paul d. ryan
"wow! aren t foia requests great? you get to read about what really happened or what these politicians are really like. in the case of hillary
"john kasich is delusional! he s also full of himself! it s unbelievable that he came in fourth in a three man race but still insists on continuing his run for president. give it up! donald trump and ted cruz should suspend their campaigns and  consolidate  behind john kasich
the optics are horrible when there s a terror attack and obama pretty much parties through it all  
"arkansas senator tom cotton came out in agreement with donald trump last week on our role in nato. they disagree on a solution but it s a great idea and about time they bring this to the forefront. senator tom cotton on america s role in nato:arkansas sen. tom cotton on friday discussed his participation in a meeting with donald trump earlier this week
"unfortunately
riiiight just  choose from what works  
"jeh johnson is supposed to enforce border security but hasn t done so for a looong time. we have waaay more than 11 million illegals in this country thanks to obama s open border policy. we re in deep trouble and it s not good. please try and wake your neighbors up by giving them any and all info you can on the invasion of america that s been happening full force since obama go into office.  department of homeland security secretary jeh johnson told an audience today that illegal aliens are  not going away  and are  in effect  us citizens.the nation s top immigration officer said that the  11 million  undocumented aliens in the united states are  not going away
"oh the irony
obviously not the smartest cowards in the desert  weasel zippers
hell begins freeze over did we ever think that donald trump would be the voice of reason? so which candidate makes you feel more safe hillary or trump? 
"after watching this telling video
 as if my body were their property” [video]"
"is it any wonder latino americans are throwing their support behind donald trump?concerned about strange people running through their neighborhood at night
"terrorism has gripped europe
"yes
this is awesome! no words just enjoy! 
"january 2017 can t come fast enough for america
"craig s list ads offering to pay protesters $16 to stir up violence at trump events makes us want to puke! what in the world has free speech come to when hillary clinton and george soros via moveon.org offer to pay people to stop free speech? pretty shameful! soros has his hand in the 2016 election and is funding much of the protests against trump. the guy is just plain evil!the daily caller reported:the establishment on both the left and the right
"after the community found out about the threats she was receiving
"these are statistics are shocking and very telling. please be sure to share this piece with hillary voters who support a candidate that welcomes un-vetted  refugees  to america with open arms in the name of diversity. obama and his regime have been shaming americans into believing that there is something wrong with us for being suspicious of radicalized muslims in america. barack hussein obama has gone out of his way to criticize christianity
 you are responsible for brussels…europe is ‘jihadi central'”"
 bathroom
"hey barry
"this video was published on march 11
 as obama appears to be protecting hillary from prosecution?"
 holland to muslim immigrants
"obama s trip to cuba is despicable
 obama 2009: [video] “after nearly nine years
"it s hard to imagine a president who could be more anti-american and more pro-terror than barack hussein obama. and then my mind drifts to hillary and benghazi the obama administration is emptying the military s guantanamo bay detention facility of avowed terrorists captured fighting in afghanistan and iraq
"now for the big question
"he skips nancy reagan and antonin scalia s funerals. he pretends not to notice that police officers are being randomly killed across america. but give our pulitzer peace prize recipient a horrendous human rights violator and watch him bow in deep respect.lest we forget the first time we saw him bow to the saudi king:and what trip to cuba would be complete without a picture of our community agitator in chief in front of the repulsive
"no matter which candidate you support
former president bill clinton made a campaign appearance with former congresswoman gabbie giffords and her astronaut husband. it s been reported lately that bill just isn t himself shaking and rail thin. this is yet another bizarre moment we thought we d share: 
” with raul castro’s criticism of america.” [video]"
"americans better start fighting back against these people who are shutting down our public roads by hitting these thugs where it really hurts in their wallets. otherwise
"this is a pretty ironic statement for someone who s in big trouble with the fbi! in fact
 evil people that i’ve ever seen”"
"obama and family arrived in cuba today but little did we know that 40 moochers were joining the first family. the usual moochers came along: tax evader charlie rangel
"add one more name to the growing list of celebrities who are brave enough to speak out and risk their careers for the sake their country.scott baio has added his name to the list of celebrities who are getting behind republican presidential frontrunner donald trump.the actor revealed his endorsement of trump to fox news  judge jeanine pirro on saturday
"george soros seems to be sticking his nose into everything to do with the 2016 election. now we have the chairman of the firm responsible for the online voting on tuesday involved with soros. he s a board member of soros s open society foundation. how in the world could the republicans let this happen? it makes you think the republican party is in the camp of the dems. this is not good! smartmatic group
"george soros seems to be sticking his nose into everything to do with the 2016 election. now we have the chairman of the firm responsible for the online voting on tuesday involved with soros. he s a board member of soros s open society foundation. how in the world could the republicans let this happen? it makes you think the republican party is in the camp of the dems. this is not good! smartmatic group
"is there a greater crime that we
"how ridiculous is this woman? she slaps a horse and screams in its face. these protesters are simply unhinged! yesterday
here you have it! jeff sessions has been a hero in his continued effort to expose the cost to americans when cheap foreign labor is brought in to take over american jobs: 
 we’re not listening to you anymore because we’re fed up! [video]"
"just what america needs another president who makes up laws to fit his radical agenda
"these  protesters  are only helping to catapult donald trump to the oval office. the more america gets to see who is against donald trump
"it s absolutely heartbreaking that a disabled veteran walking with a cane
 beating of couple"
"the tax-exempt muslim group cair has ties to terrorism
sheriff david clarke hammered home the truth on who the protesters are at the trump rallies: 
"this cartoon is one of our all-time favorites. you ve gotta love the note from bill on the pillow
"this utah protest was planned and organized by the far left. the effort to bring chaos and division is in hyper speed now but has been there since obama took office. his friends on the left are orchestrating this effort to silence anyone who wants to take america back from these radicals. every american should be furious at this no matter which candidate you support. trump is telling the truth about immigration and the muslim refugee resettlement. he s doing what no other candidate has done   he s telling the truth! the globalists and radical leftists are all in on the effort to silence free speech. nothing is more anti-american than what they are doing! this is a critical time like no other! please don t back down and don t be afraid. stand up to put america first! the swat team had to be called out because the protesters started throwing rocks and were fighting with police:new video: anti trump protesters and police getting rough with each other in salt lake city. sorry it's shaky pic.twitter.com/cgfwyf8zce  peter doocy (@pdoocy) march 19
"shades of baltimore? how can citizens or visitors in chicago ever feel safe knowing the chief of police would tell his officers to  stand down  when they are faced with a potential powder keg of violence and chaos? how can his officers feel safe knowing they were putting them in harms way? one can t help but wonder how much involvement our very own corrupt chicago community organizer in chief had to do with the decision to give the paid protesters free reign to terrorize trump supporters? a union that represents 54 officers from the university of illinois at chicago police department is speaking out arguing the chaotic donald trump rally on campus last week did not have to escalate to an extreme level of disorder and could have continued as planned.the metropolitan association of police board director
what a grouch! bernie sanders must have had a bad day! maybe he realized he s in sheriff joe s territory now. 
"no 
"this video should be viewed by every middle school
 because if we don’t…we lose!”[video]"
"america s gotta keep 5-star mooch
"a young patriot made this video to show the hypocrisy of obama and the media who protects him.  he correctly points out the double standard in the media and in america when it comes to barack and the divisive
"hillary is failing miserably with the young voters. in her wildest dreams
this is shocking! two reporters from rebel pundit infiltrate a donald trump protest only to find it has nothing to do with trump but is a much bigger leftist anarchist plan: 
"president obama
wow! just wow!
"when far left publications like democracy now and global research start questioning hillary s involvement in the murder of honduran environmental activist
" this so-called movement is out of control and it s not even clear what the end game is here. this teacher should be fired for exposing the children to this idiotic stuff! a durham
"the one-state wonder sides with the left on a number of issues from his views on gay marriage
"this veteran exposes trump hating protester in kansas city when he asks her to explain why trump is a  racist
 sasha and malia will join barack on trip to communist cuba…why not
 unions
everything you ever wanted to know about hillary and bill and their criminal past is in this video. how did they get away with so much? why have they never been punished for their crimes? many of the answers can be found in the video below. this is the full length movie. part i can be seen below. chronicles part i: 
"if rubio would have dropped out a month ago
" the reason i m sitting here in this chair tonight and not on the stage
"is there a worse crime than being a white male in america? unless you re a gay male
 tweets threat: “dear white people if trump wins young niggas such as myself are fully hell bent on inciting riots everywhere we go”"
"just wait until trump starts getting serious about taking hillary down. you haven t see anything yet this is just a warm-up folks is this what we want for a president?a video posted by donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) on mar 16
"the senate had better stick to their guns on this! they say they will not bring up merrick garland for a vote as a supreme court nominee but will wait for the new administration. mcconnell is done if he goes back on his word. he spoke on the senate floor today to say that the senate will not take up this vote. six republican senators have already said they ll meet with garland:sen. mark kirk (r-ill.)
 not the people” – gop official [video]"
 
"here s the real reason mitt romney came out against trump. if you can t beat a candidate on the same team fair and square
"the attitudes of the family members defending this thug who violated an innocent woman when he broke into her home is astounding. after eight long years of listening to a president justify why minorities should be able to break laws with no penalties
"obama decides to nominate merrick garland for the supreme court even though the senate announced they would wait until a new administration to confirm a nominee. this is an attempt to box in the republicans in the senate. this nominee is left on some things and right on others like criminal justice but has been supported in the past as a judge who  will articulate a broad progressive vision for the law . this should be interesting: to be clear
"harvard is agreeing to erase the history of their law school founder to satisfy individuals or groups who don t agree with him. didn t we see something similar to this happening in the middle east? it wasn t that long ago that isis destroyed all symbols of christianity in iraq and other countries because they represented the history of christ and was offensive to the islamic terrorists. did americans think that was okay? this politically incorrect nonsense needs to stop before every ounce of history has been sanitized from our public and private schools
how dare obama the worst president and most divisive ever says the supporters of trump are using  violent campaign rhetoric . 
"while bernie sanders has pitched himself as the presidential candidate for the little guy   tapping into the wallets of voters angry over wall street s influence in politics   a deeper dive shows sanders has enlisted an arsenal of millionaire and billionaire backers who have backed his political career since his early senate runs a decade ago.that big-money support stands in sharp contrast to sanders  calls for corporate fat-cats and the uber-wealthy to pay their  fair share  in taxes by closing loopholes and removing breaks that benefit the mega-rich.at a rally last sunday at the ohio state university
 
"the families of the four dead americans you left behind beg to differ. not that you care
"here s proof that the violence we saw taking place in chicago was well organized:@realdonaldtrumppre planed chicago left wing violence at trump rally#makeamericagreatagain#votetrump       pic.twitter.com/bdw5xrc3lh  richard weaving (@richardweaving) march 12
"oh never mind
"the leftist media was quick to blame donald trump for the organized chaos and riots that were fueled by paid protesters who
 why can’t obama create jobs?”"
"the many
"wow! bernie and hillary have been making hay over the flint water crisis for months now
"there hasn t been a time in decades when the left has been so concerned about a presidential election. sure
"so is anyone else wondering why the cop-hating
"soros is a hungarian immigrant who s doing his best to turn america into a weak third world failed country. he s behind obama and behind so many of the bad things that have happened to america in the past 7 years. he s as dirty as it gets so it s no surprise that he s behind the effort to bring down donald trump. if you live in ohio
hillary and bernie are pandering to the hispanic population and other americans who are just fine with accepting illegal aliens into america. the truth is that illegals cost american taxpayers billions in tax dollars every year. we foot the bill for these people! please listen to sheriff babeau speak about this injustice put on americans every year: 
"what do you think about the school s response to this police officer s request?the painting officer dave hamblin found offensive (facebook)a police officer father in the united states has taken to social media to complain about a piece of artwork displayed at his daughter s school.kentucky cop dave hamblin is outraged by the painting which depicts two black people with a gun pointed at their head.on one half of the painting
"sarah palin canceled a campaign stop for donald trump in florida on monday after her husband todd was injured in a snowmobile crash in alaska.a source told nbc news that todd palin was in  a very serious  crash sunday night and is currently hospitalized in intensive care.in a brief unplanned appearance before trump s afternoon event in tampa
 black lives matter is our campaign : 
"100% fed up! was able to easily find evidence about the anti-american
 mr. obama”"
 i’ll just murder her” [video]"
" only god could take a black guy from the inner city streets of cleveland and connect him with a white billionaire from upstate new york
"it appears that obama ally
"while speaking about illegal immigration at a campaign rally in bloomington
"trump spoke to his supporters at a rally in cleveland
"tow the party line or pay a heavy price. there is no room for dissention in a party where thugs who cut backroom deals with climate change related lobbyists in dc dictate what is best for america. there s probably a very good reason that the democrats have an avowed socialist and a career criminal running neck in neck in their presidential primaries in a shocking exchange on wednesday
we love judge jeanine s take on everything but this opening statement is epic! i think you can see steam coming out of her ears! 
"new york city that great melting pot of diversity has an equally diverse set of opinions on donald trump
"we reported about a trump protester who grabbed him during a rally today in dayton. click here for video.trump congratulate usss (united states secret service) on twitter: excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage  trump then said  he has ties to isis. he should be in jail! see tweet here:here s the video that donald posted with his tweet:usss did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. he has ties to isis. should be in jail!   donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) march 12
"reagan explains why the protesters got out of hand to the reporters:  all of it began the first time some of you who know better and are old enough to know better
 i don’t want welfare”"
"a protester tried to attack trump today at a rally in dayton
"if you haven t already signed up to help protect the sanctity of our vote in some way do it today! leisa and i have worked in polling places where crime rate is high and most poll workers are afraid to work. in the city of detroit
"this is war and it s a fight for the sovereignty of america two things that donald trump said have been controversial and taken out of context by the left. much of the protests against trump are based on the promise he made to close the border with mexico by building a wall. the desire to halt  refugee  resettlement of muslims to america is the second thing trump said that s gotten everyone on the left freaking out.do americans not have a right to closed borders and proper vetting of muslim refugees?we are footing the bill with our tax dollars for all the goodies the illegals and refugees get when they arrive. yes
 
" at some point
lefty losers  
"a huge rally of 10
 there are two different donald trump s here s why the politically incorrect dr. ben carson is throwing his support behind donald trump:
"the university of missouri students
"apparently being the wife of a former democrat president and serial pervert
 ronna romney-mcdaniel chooses own course: backs republican candidate that won’t make her uncle happy"
000 democrats in important blue state switch over to gop…trump effect?"
"it s time for someone to tell obama that iran is not an ally the justice department is drawing up an indictment that lays blame for the 2013 cyber-attack against a dam in westchester squarely on hackers working for the iranian government
"no matter which candidate you are supporting
"the cuban vote is a conservative vote so hillary and bernie might want to steer clear.every election cycle
watch: even her friends on the left appear to be fed up with hillary s lies. is it possible the media has finally grown tired of covering for hillary?
"do you have a friend
2
"a video from 1985 was shown last night during the dem debate that has people bussing this morning. yes we all know sanders is a socialist but it s interesting to hear him speak about cuba and castro .hey
"next up is a law suit to make it legal for h-1b visa holders
"does anyone believe for one second that hillary or bernie give a damn about the citizens of flint
"if you didn t see the interview between megyn kelly and the dnc chair last night
spread this everywhere! 
"according to insider
why is he so wildly popular across so many demographics in america? watch here for a pretty good explanation and tell us if you agree or disagree: 
"there are no surprises with the results on the republican side tonight. michigan and mississippi went for trump.but the democrat results coming in tonight are surprising for many reasons. the most shocking is that bernie sanders is leading hillary clinton in michigan by a little over 3%:clinton has maintained a double-digit lead in nearly all polls of michigan
"thus the big win for donald trump in blue state of michigan michigan has one of the largest muslim populations of any state
"the establishment isn t happy about a donald trump lead in the polls so they gathered at beautiful sea island to plan to dump trump.off the coast of georgia last weekend a group of nervous business moguls and politicians met up at a private island resort.they weren t visiting sea island to party
"so obama is skipping nancy reagan s funeral for the south by southwest festival in austin. it s a big event for the tech world but you d think obama would feel a duty to go to the funeral of the former first lady. our president is like a petulant child who does exactly what he wants to do without regard for anyone else. he s sending michelle obama and hillary clinton is going what a snub! a white house official confirmed this afternoon that president barack obama will not be in attendance at former first lady nancy reagan s funeral on friday
"the security of our nation has never been more threatened than it is today
"here is a screen shot of the facebook post by warren
"here s a great way to explain socialism to the neighbors. of course
 france and eu invasion of phony refugees [video]"
 you don’t know what it’s like to be poor…to live in ghetto” [video]"
"you can t blame the guy who had the whole election wrapped up and then
"it s a pretty safe bet that the press isn t able to reveal any bad blood between donald and his second wife or we wouldn t even have to ask
"this letter was originally attributed to well-known conservative commentator and radio talk show host
 the greatest love affair in the history of the american presidency.  -charlton hestonto learn more about young americans foundation go here: yaf.org
most sane americans are gonna love it!h/t weasel zippers
"this is a brilliantly written piece by nick short of politically short on the successful indoctrination our youth. he explains what has led the to rabid support bernie sanders
"hillary clinton came to visit the citizens of flint recently and then campaign commercials popped up claiming the flint residents would be  saved  by granny clinton. it s what she does best pandering to the black community. she wants the people to believe that the republicans have decided to poison the people of flint and she s here to save the day. well
"this video needs to be shared over and over again
"no one exposes the truth about the corrupt and self-serving democrat party better than dinesh d souza. for decades
"once again
"only hillary would go to flint
"bill and hillary clinton whored themselves out for over $25 million dollars from 2013 to 2015   the disturbing thing is that there is no video or transcript to be found of these speeches. the list of who they spoke to is a who s who of the banking and health industry. what on earth could they have said to garner such a huge fee? hummmm many things come to mind looking at this data: the median income for a family of 4 (two workers) is around $50
 projected to win maine"
free stuff! bernie sanders is their guy ugh! 
 a priest and a flag burning hillary supporter"
this man is a great patriot! retired general  ace  lyons rips into the obama regime like no other and it s honestly pretty frightening. 
 mi amnesty so they can get free sh*t from taxpayers"
 slits throats of 7
"this is hysterical
former attorney general michael mckasey lists 4 laws hillary clinton appears to have broken:  there s one that says you can t put classified information in an unclassified setting. that s the one that general petraeus was convicted of on his own plea. there s one that says that you can t expose national secrets through gross negligence. then there s one that says you can t destroy government information. and then there s one that says you can t obstruct justice.  
"she s beautiful
"hysterical with all the evidence available to american voters about hillary
"a report just came out about the crazy huge numbers of illegals crossing our open border. yes
"a recent poll showed that 40% of black voters support donald trump. the media is in full panic mode over the very real possibility that trump could win the general in a landslide. the only hope they have of stopping him from winning with the black voter is by somehow effectively tying him to the kkk. msnbc did their best to do just that in this ridiculous discussion where collectively
"this is barack obama s justice department and loretta lynch is just taking orders. this is a big development!the justice department has granted immunity to the former state department staffer who worked on hillary rodham clinton s private email server
"much has been made of the name change of the trump family long ago. it s what many immigrant families did when they arrived in america. what we didn t know is the very interesting story of donald trump s grandfather. this is a german article that has a liberal slant regarding  immigrants  but it s worth the read. gwenda blair has written three books on the trump family and fills us in on donald trump s immigrant grandfather. this is a great look at what was the beginning of a successful dynasty. like it or not
"dr. ben carson is brilliant
"this letter was sent to 100% fed up! by an anonymous author:it doesn t matter who you support for president in 2016. this letter will make you want to stand up and cheer for the 80 year old american who expresses what most of us are feeling right now. enjoy rnc p.o. box 96994 washington dc 20090-6994dear representative
"while our eyes are on the invasion of europe
"stop counting the votes! your candidates nomination based strictly on the number of delegates they are able to obtain from each state following their elections.watch this great video explaining how hillary can receive less votes
 cruz takes 2…cranky bernie takes vt
 megyn kelly swims in hollywood cesspool"
"do you think it s a good idea for hillary to bring in bill and barack to help with the campaign? this could backfire on her. you ve got bill who s a serial sex offender and barack who s the world president in american history. i just have a feeling the american people are 100% fed up! with these politicians. hillary clinton has begun drawing up a battle plan for how to defeat donald trump in a general election
"yeah about that whole trump not matching up to hillary in the general election thing  if there is a mass exodus from the democrat party
"eureka! we figured out why hillary won t let the press see her off: the campaign of democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton has poured more than $2 million into the use of private jets this election cycle
"thank god she has a vagina
 america “one of largest muslim countries in the world” [video]"
 i m david duke and this is a quick unscripted response to the cnn interview today with donald trump. the inaccurate reporting by the media that i had endorsed donald trump  i am not endorsing donald trump. 
"is barack obama planning to use taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for un secretary general?the jerusalem post reported that barack obama has privately campaigned to succeed ban ki-moon as united nations secretary general at the end of 2016.israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu is also reportedly working with moderate arab states to prevent this transition.netanyahu remembers well just how us president barack obama brushed aside israeli objections and went ahead with the p5+1 nuclear agreement with iran.now
"the astounding hypocrisy of the leftist media has been left unchecked for decades. all of that is about to change. and no matter what side of the aisle you find yourself on
here s the projection from real clear politics for tomorrow s super tuesday: 
"if we didn t know better
"wake me when it s over! what the heck people! we have all out brawls at political rallies for donald trump where the leftists are trying their best to stop free speech and freedom to gather and support their candidate for president.a rally in virginia today got overheated when a time magazine photographer grabbed a secret service agent by the throat. can you believe this? the reporter says
this is a shocking example of a government putting the rights of violent extreme muslims before their own citizens: 
"in her victory speech in south carolina
"how very  presidential she s cold calculating..deceitful but she has a vagina
"gut-wrenching behavior from a party who hasn t been challenged for the betrayal of their party in decades. you don t even have to be a fan of trump s to find this story disturbing on so many levels there are so many intriguing twists in this nyt story about behind-the-scenes efforts to stop trump that you ll save time by skipping this post and reading it yourself. this is the showstopper
 black panther cop killer?"
what a horribly racist woman! she only sees color! 
"this is a blockbuster discovery that nails conservative media for being in cahoots with rubio and other high level politicians in their support of amnesty. the gang of eight bill was the political football being tossed around by democrats and then rubio joined in to make it a bipartisan effort. the account of what happened between politicians and media is a perfect example of what s got americans so ticked off at washington and the media. it s very obvious that the media was a big reason for obama s two-term presidency and now we have fox news selling its soul for rubio in the 2016 election. the article below will open your mind to the political manipulation happening all the time between media and washington- it s a stunner:a few weeks after senator marco rubio joined a bipartisan push for an immigration overhaul in 2013
"na
"how long will it take for obama s army to descend on mississippi? black lives matter is far from a spontaneous movement. obama and his race hustler friends have been working towards this goal for decades. it s really quite sad to see the racial divide in america today. college kids are being indoctrinated into thinking white=bad and black=victim. how can this possibly be a good thing for our nation? obama has made no secret about wanting to take america down a few notches
"now that she s finally beaten the old cranky socialist in one state .hillary s on fire! hillary tells crowd
 placed bacon on door looking at possible life sentence"
"why would this actor go to a place where violence
"we are two moms who have put our lives on hold to do everything in our power to fight the progressives on the left from stealing our freedoms and the future of this great nation from our children. over four years ago
"bill clinton visited bluffton
"well
 chris rock’s smack down of whites at oscars"
"obama has shown favoritism towards the muslim brotherhood terror group almost since the first day of his presidency. many are convinced obama is tied to the terror group through his brother
"hey bernie the first step in fighting corruption by politicians might start with cleaning up the corruption in your own campaign thousands of contributions to democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders  campaign in january violated federal campaign finance laws
 block fellow students [video]"
wow! she s really good at deflecting and lying must have learned from slick willy! 
dr. ben carson tells the story of what happened when he spoke out against obama: 
 swing for the fences!” [video]"
 
"european nations have naively opened their borders to millions of muslim males who have no intention of assimilating. as they make their way across europe
"during the democrats  first debate last month
"it s difficult to look at romney coming out against trump and not wonder if there are a few  sour grapes?   romney s timing for questioning trump s character is very interesting
"the democrat motto: whatever it takes update: an eyewitness stated that one of the alleged klansmen was black.lol i wonder who on the democrat side who set this up. cause these ""kkk"" members were silent. not trump supporters  pic.twitter.com/q2hf5ikezh  kevin smith (@sbstud11) february 24
" the goal of socialism is communism.  -vladimir lenin
 “equipay” allows users to split restaurant bill between guests
"senator mike lee gives it right back to fox s martha maccallum when she grilled him on why the senate won t accept a supreme court nominee: martha maccallum (host): the president has laid out i think what anyone would say is a very fair set of circumstances for nominating someone
 if you keep going
"melania trump has been taking a relatively low key position in her husband s bid to become our next president. she s more than just  arm candy for donald trump. she s a tough business woman who s proud to have come to america as an immigrant and earned her citizenship the legal way. watch her no-nonsense interview here with leftist msnbc hack host
"are you ready for these pedophiles to move in to your communities? the un is vetting the  refugees  who are coming to america. do you really believe they are care if the muslim families they re sending to the us are adherents of sharia law? it s a numbers game for them. the faith based charities are being paid large sums of money to bring whomever the un deems worthy of our taxpayer support. as an added bonus
 no vote on scalia replacement"
"there never seems to be a shortage of smug
"this is yuge for trump and his supporters in a must-win state for any gop candidate
"will his comments about barack obama  race help or hurt his campaign? do you agree with carson? do you think  obama used all of the privileges afforded to him by his white mother and grandparents
"loretta lynch is much like obama in that they both feel the ends justifies the means if it s for their political ideology. the eternally wronged believe they haven t gotten a fair shake and won t unless they change the rules of the game. in this case
stuart varney hammers a cuckoo super delegate for bernie sanders after she spouts off about the freebies she ll get if sanders is elected president. 
"well
 proudly” names street after black panther"
"every time trump makes lemons from lemonade
"american psycho author
"the main stream media chooses to ignore the facts about many of the statements made by key senators
"in a city who has a record of electing corrupt democrats
000 isis trained jihadi’s living freely in europe"
 will ferrell throws his support behind cankles…"
 jihadi websites found on phone after “12 year old” migrant assaults foster parent"
this ad by the republican party nails hillary on the lies: 
jeb bush suspends his campaign doing the  honorable  thing. the pundits are calling his loss  bush fatigue  by the voters.jeb bush stepped up at a difficult and emotional moment with lots of class.it s over!
 bernie sanders being cuffed and arrested"
this is great! we love it when young women get it! 
 lit him on fire…barack obama thanked them yesterday"
president barack obama and first lady michelle obama hosted a reception for black history month in the east room of the white house on thursday . 
"pandering is what hillary does best. first it was the black vote with her meeting with al sharpton and now it s the latino vote in nevada. this is such a dog and pony show! none of this matters if hillary still wins the super delegates. at least bill gets to have fun hillary clinton s campaign has received a much needed shot of glamour with actresses america ferrera and eva longoria speaking at her final pre-caucus rally as clinton made a last ditch bid to secure nevada s latino vote. with just hours to go before the state becomes the  first in the west  to caucus for the democrats
"as gop candidate
 barking
"we can t say for sure
"since this article was written in 2006
"pardoning the black panthers will just be the tip of the iceberg for this radical president. look for prison doors to be flung open across america
"pure gold the ultimate race-baiter-in-chief
"if you look closely
"pope francis has joined democrat legislators
brave guy! 
"with a battle heating up between republicans and obama on a supreme court nomination
"god forbid an athlete bases their opinions on the bible you ll be hit with the full force of the leftist machine nike announced it has dropped manny pacquiao in the wake of the boxer s controversial remarks where he said those in gay relationships  are worse than animals. we find manny pacquiao s comments abhorrent
"on jan. 26
"it s hard to read stories like this without wondering how a commander in chief can so easily desert those who sacrifice all for our nation
"wow! a chinese artist decided it would be a great idea to exploit the refugees by having pillars decorated with the lifejackets used by them. this nut job flew in thousands of life jackets for this obscene display. you have to wonder what this guy was thinking when he had all guests at the charity event don emergency blankets. yes
"as an american of polish descent
"we ve made it very easy for you to pick up the phone
"leave it to a democrat to waste everyone s time and money by putting forth legislation she knows has no chance of passing
"donald trump called two men up on stage after the men helped toss a protester out during a rally in sout carolina. the two men came up and what follows is exactly why americans have really fallen in love with trump. no matter what candidate you support
 how muslim refugees have arrived in u.s.? how many are christians? [video]"
" i feel like i ve been drugged by obama s rhetoric    greg gutfeldyes
"the drum beat keeps getting louder. more and more americans are questioning why there was no official investigation into the circumstances surrounding us supreme court justice antonin scalia s death. one of the most influential justices in our nation was found dead (and alone) in a hotel room with a pillow over his head
bill clinton has lost it! he goes after a trump supporter who heckled him during a rally and ends up just sounding like crazy old man. time for the home? 
"only months ago
"the entitled refugee mentality is becoming the norm in bleeding heart nations around the world. we recently reported about complaints from italian citizens that refugees were dumping garbage in the streets of italy to protest poor wi-fi. in germany
"in nine months
"democrat presidential candidate hillary clinton was busy telling a story about how
"it only seems fitting that an openly immoral group would attach their wagon to the wife of the most sexually deviant president to ever occupy the white house as hillary gears up for the nevada caucus
"every american should know the corrupt un has been
"here s the brutal truth on the socialist who wanted to be your next president and take your hard earned money:sanders spent most of his life as an angry radical and agitator who never accomplished much of anything. and yet now he thinks he deserves the power to run your life and your finances    we will raise taxes;  he confirmed monday
"after watching this video
"does anyone in recent history remember the us department of education asking educators to place more emphasis on christianity or judaism in their curriculums? yeah neither do we as parents across the country storm school board meetings over a perceived overemphasis on islam in the curriculum
 kasich and rubio"
"judge sri srinivasan is a possible pick for obama to replace justice scalia on the supreme court. we only know one particular case where he paved the way for gay marriage. social issues like abortion and gay marriage are big sticking points for conservatives. could a judge who has no track record on social issues be appointed by obama? this would be a smart move on obama s part because there would be no ammunition for declining this nominee. one possible contender to replace justice antonin scalia on the u.s. supreme court is an indian-american appeals court judge
"there is no other president in the history of the united states who has mastered the art of going around congress to achieve his radical goals
"it was just announced that there will be no autopsy of justice scalia after he was found dead in his room of  natural causes . does anyone else out there think it should be mandatory for an autopsy to be performed? since justice antonin scalia was found dead in his resort hotel room at cibolo creek creek ranch on saturday
"if our next president is a republican
"saturday night live s cold open last night was a combination of a lovefest for bernie sanders and an effort to make fun of hillary clinton. once the dems decide on a nominee
"pray for our nation fox news reported this afternoon that barack obama can appoint a left-wing supreme court justice after the republican senate adjourns on january 3
 democrats demand obama chooses his replacement"
 i pretty much gave up on being happy” [video]"
"it s fascinating that even before any facts related to the flint water crisis were available
"nope
400 workers their jobs are going to mexico"
the war on women a woman goes in to give huma abedin a hug and it makes for a cold as ice awkward moment caught on video. ouch! huma abedin is the muslim brotherhood connected henchman of hillary clinton. she s also the wife of scandalous cad anthony weiner. wonder if anthony gets the same treatment at home  
"the ted cruz campaign has identified the enemy and they ve placed a target squarely on their backs. it s about time the gop candidates stopped targeting each other and focused on the real enemy
"the apple doesn t fall far from the tree chelsea clinton is pregnant with her second child
"first time voters
"maybe it s time for muslim citizens and immigrants to start assimilating. what a concept texas has just made a move that is sure to have many people cheering
 blames german right-wing extremists"
"first she won the coin toss in iowa
"how is it that a major technical facility with over 20
"carly fiorina and chris christie dropped out of the campaign for the republican nomination for president today. the prospect of not making saturday s gop debate on cbs as a result of poor finishes in new hampshire last night possibly triggered the pullout . the 2016 presidential race is quickly dwindling down but questions linger regarding the two who dropped out today: did chris christie miss his opportunity to have success at a run for president in 2012? he said at the time that he wasn t ready to run and then the bridgegate scandal happened tarnishing his chances for a clean entrance into the 2016 campaign. if he had remained in the race
 bernie sanders to stop lying to voters"
" social media went crazy last night when a photo of a wrinkled and discarded american flag was posted with this caption: with many hours to go
"it s probably just a big misunderstanding. bill likely misspoke kinda like
wow is right! tomi lahren gives the best ever response to obama s pro-muslim speech at a radical mosque. 
trump is not your traditional republican candidate. so anyone who expected him to appeal to only the traditional republican voter is going to be in for a yuge surprise there is a certain pleasure that s derived from watching the left in a state of panic over trump s  unexplainable  popularity.watch:
"will the democrats ultimately choose a marxist who s never accomplished a thing in his life or a serial criminal socialist? choices choices manchester
trump wins big in new hampshire in what is an anti-establishment revolt of epic measures america is 100% fed up! with the status quo in washington.the latest results (cnn) from the new hampshire primary:
"this is really epic and just hysterical! it s also the second time someone has trolled one of hillary s town halls. remember sticker boy? he s the guy who stole the show from hillary during her speech in iowa by eating stickers. this takes the cake though:several members of the audience at a new hampshire campaign event for hillary clinton sported some creative t-shirts
"these grifters have no shame. how much more evidence do americans need to see before they understand hillary has no interest in our nation s security? how much more evidence do we need before the everyday american queen of the clinton crime syndicate is sent to prison? judicial watch today released nearly 70 pages of state department records that show that former secretary of state hillary clinton and her top aides
"tell us again barack
"are the people who pay to see beyonc  perform and buy her music even smart enough to figure out she s waging war against many of them? from her lip-syncing of the national anthem at obama s inaugural celebration
"in an interview that is a tradition before the super bowl
" 2 corinthians 9:7 each one must give as he has decided in his heart
 racial division…race-baiting hubby
"so far
"enough is enough! german citizens are witnessing the fast-track decline of their nation. does america need to look any further than germany to see that bringing in hundreds of thousands (in germany s case millions) of muslim men from countries who have no interest in assimilating in the western world
 cop-hating
"being sent to russia for misbehavior may be just the incentive these lawless  rapefugee  need to begin assimilating with the european culture and following the laws they seem to have no regard for according to a russian news website
"shaming people into voting for someone now that s what i call desperation. how about we let young women decide for themselves who they vote for without being told they ll go to hell if they don t follow in lockstep with the demands of the left. note to hillary and ms. albright: women can think for themselves these days.former sec. of state madeleine albright attempted to shame young women voters at a hillary clinton campaign event on saturday
wow! if you saw the republican debate last night you might haven noticed a big brawl between rubio and christie. here s just a little bit of the showdown that took place:
"maybe hillary should be hiring someone to handle her social media. hey maybe she could hire her top aide
can you do it? we d love to know what surprised you. via: playbuzz
gloria steinem does pretty much everything she can to prove she s a big hypocrite in this interview with bill mayer:
"before we get too far into this story
this is a warning from reagan: those voices don t speak for the rest of us it rings truer than ever  
get out the eye bleach!hillary clinton and her democrat friends got together for a rally today and here s the grand finale for you. just a bunch of loony libs rockin  it out lol!hillary has a history of awkward dance moves:
000+ radical islamists ready to attack…over 100 isis members among refugees"
nebraska senator ben sasse gives a fantastic answer when asked if he can explain conservatism. he s a rising star in the republican party. we love his passion for america and his way with words! 
"the big question is who
"during the democrat s debate
 other radical groups"
 then destroys her with this response [video]"
"uk mailonline was given exclusive access into the lives of the vigilante group
"there was testimony today regarding illegal minors flooding our southern border. john conyers said it s  unamerican  to stop them from crossing. he struggled to read the prepared statement on illegal minors. he claimed that  illegals aren t committing an illegal act . notice how he reclassifies illegals as refugees. this is what the left wants to do with illegals. if they all claim persecution then it s their ticket into the u.s. it s how they feel and not something they have to prove. yea
"wow! there aren t too many non-political people willing to stand up to the lies of obama and his ties to radical islam. human rights attorney
 as eu officials finally admit secret about “refugees” they’ve known for a while"
"is marco rubio the republican obama
"the sad and almost pathetic end of the bush dynasty republican presidential candidate jeb bush had to ask his audience to clap during a speech at a campaign stop in new hampshire on tuesday.here's jeb bush asking an audience in new hampshire to ""please clap"":  @shiftmsnbc pic.twitter.com/x0uc5fl8gr  nta by mic (@navigatingtrump) february 3
"it s been said that hillary clinton isn t likable well
 mosques into registration centers for voters”"
"this is the best explanation of why obama and the democrat party are fighting so hard to keep the us state department s refugee resettlement program going strong.  please share this with everyone who s been wondering why the democrats are so eager to bring muslim immigrants from countries who hate us
a woman was asked if she would vote for hillary clinton and the interview got an earful:
"sen. rand paul of kentucky announced wednesday he is suspending his presidential campaign. although
"after the split vote in the iowa caucus race between hillary clinton and bernie sanders there has been talk of voter fraud by the clinton camp. the video below was posted to cspan with a headline that s pretty intriguing. please watch the video and tell us what you think a description is below as well:hillary clinton arose the winner
"you gotta hand it to her whether you love or hate trump fox news  andrea tantaros is right on the money with her assessment of the national review s unabated hate for trump national review s rich lowry gleefully bashed trump on  outnumbered  for coming in second in iowa. tantaros let him have it.rich lowry: he went to iowa and he lost! and he was beaten fair and square by ted cruz. and if this thing would have gone one more day rubio probably would have clipped him. it s because he skipped the fox debate
"perhaps merkel should have considered the serious consequences of germany s compassionate open border policy that allowed over 1 million (mostly) muslim males to infiltrate their country. german officials essentially granted them permission to rape and sexually assault their women and children while they looked the other way. but that s not all germany is giving them free food
"liberal compassion: this story is a perfect example of how the left is leaving citizens behind in favor of invaders from other countries. why are we allowing politicians to have this kind of power? where are the voices of the citizens who are watching their heritage and centuries of a rich history in their countries being stolen overnight by strangers
"hillary clinton is a professional panderer. there is no vote she won t attempt to secure
a man with stickers on his face must have been pretty hungry last night. he was the hit of the night with this vine going viral: 
 michael moore seems to think that socialism is better than capitalism he tweeted out last night that socialism is about  fairness 
"is this ted cruz win going to harm trump s momentum? how meaningful is this win?gop contender
mark dice goes out on the street in san diego and asks people to sign a petition to help get karl marx on the ballot. oh my gosh! americans are clueless! 
"the democrats will stop at nothing to win this election. they didn t fight so hard to let millions of illegals cross our borders because they were feeling especially compassionate. they don t do anything without an ulterior motive stealing the vote is their ulterior motive the service employees international union is teaming up with four latino advocacy organizations and a key house democrat to convert as many of the 5 million latino permanent residents into u.s. citizens and voters as possible before election day.leading the charge is rep. luis gutierrez
"seven years ago
"roger simon of pj media asks bernie sanders  supporters at a recent rally why they re supporting him. they all seem to be in agreement that one of the primary reasons for supporting bernie is because they believe he will stick it to the billionaire s in america. because in the end
"ted cruz is one of the few gop candidates who in unafraid to speak out against government subsidies for energy. unfortunately
wow!hillary s got the governor of iowa shaking in his boots..asked by tucker carlson if he s worried about a clinton loss:  she s vindictive!  
"obama pulled troops out so this created a vacuum whereby the terror groups could come in and take over. terrorists in afghanistan control more territory than at any time since 2001 as america s grip on the country continues to unravel amid a spike in violence that has made afghanistan more dangerous than ever
"ed henry of fox news tells us tonight that hillary clinton lied again! just hours before the very important iowa caucus
"trump is winning support from latinos and from union members   two groups that typically vote democrat. what is it about this candidate? we d love to know your thoughts. this has been an interesting election year so far and will only get crazier. it s a turning point trump has support from 38 percent of latino voters followed by ted cruz with 15 percent and jeb bush with 14 percent. the new york post reported:thirty eight percent favor trump
"has our lawless president finally conceded that even he can t save the head of the clinton crime syndicate? oh well
"artful dodger hillary clinton dodges getting to the meat of the question regarding a non-disclosure agreement she signed when she became sos. notice in the interview how she talks about e-mails not being make classified. the kicker is that the e-mails do not have to be maked classified to be classified.  you know
"our imam in chief told america he was a christian when he wanted us to elect him in 2007. his black liberation theology pastor of hate later revealed that barack only used the church as a way to boost his status as a community organizer. he s been openly mocking christianity for years now and now
"adding insult to injury is what obama does best. here he goes again thumbing his nose at america. not only is he visiting a mosque claiming americans have been misbehaving bigots (we haven t) but he s visiting a mosque with extremist ties!  there he goes again poking his finger in the eye of america. one thing he hasn t held back on this last year of his presidency is showing his true colors by screwing america. the baltimore mosque president obama has chosen as the first u.s.-based mosque to visit during his presidency has deep ties to extremist elements
"update:texas sen. ted cruz is defending a campaign mailer that iowa s secretary of state says misrepresents election law.the mailer bills itself as a  voting violation  notice and tells the recipient it s been sent due to  low expected voter turnout in your area.  it then grades the recipient s voting history and that of several neighbors
"lol! you ll want to share this with everyone democrat convention schedulemonday
"obama decides to throw hillary under the bus is anyone surprised?the obama administration leveled a devastating blow to hillary clinton on friday by admitting for the first time that her personal email server contained the highest levels of classified u.s. intelligence.the white house said 22 emails from former secretary of state s  home brew  server must be censored from public view when the state department releases its final batch on friday.diplomatic security and intelligence and research bureaus will now try to determine if any of the emails were marked classified at the time of transmission.fox news chief intelligence correspondent catherine herridge has noted
"one of my personal favorite conservative writers
steven crowder exposes the lies obama has been telling americans every time he steps in front of a microphone to address gun control. the left will stop at nothing to take our guns. lying about how easy it is to get a gun through the  gun show loophole  seems to be a coordinated effort by the left.please share this video (the truth) with everyone you know.watch this video expose the lies of the gun control left: 
"i was just going to put up the video of this disgusting display of brattiness when i happened to read that janet napolitano is the president of ucsb. well
"hillary clinton s campaign manager dropped a bombshell in his prediction for the winner of the 2016 elections and it s not hillary. it s a signal that the democrats need to get serious about a candidate to run against some very strong competition. the drudge poll from last night s debate has trump killing the competition in a yuge way. no matter what candidate you support
"we recently reported about the deadly zika virus coming to america from central america. today
ted cruz provided a funny moment during the republican debate last night: 
 and oregon protester in face"
"islamic terrorism is the #1 issue with most americans
"is this any way to run a campaign? jeb bush was living la vida loca with his soirees at the four seasons and jet set campaigning. he s not the only one to spend big. wisconsin gov. scott walker spent nearly $10 million before dropping out after three months. silver spoon or just unable to run a campaign efficiently?here s just one glaring example:bush s prospects were far brighter last summer. trump had yet to join the race and bush was making headlines for the size of his war chest. his super pac had just cracked its goal of raising more than $100 million in just six months   an unprecedented haul in american politics.to celebrate
"the muslims faith must be protected at all costs it s the obama way during a news briefing delivered at the all dulles area muslim society mosque in washington
"will history repeat itself
"is this a deal trump should take? if he walks away
"it s always fun when hollywood shows a conservative side. rob low does just that with his twitter bashing of socialist whack job bernie sanders. good stuff! actor rob lowe invoked his  west wing  character sam seaborn to blast democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders  communication style monday night in cnn s democratic town hall.mr. sanders attacked wall street for corporate greed and  recklessness
"what do you think of these comments made by donald in december
here s another revelation with video from 2013 of a state department employee speaking about clinton s handling of classified information. 
"thanks for the intel mooch. outside of his ambition to fundamentally change america
"for years now
"julia hahn is a young
"do you agree with trump s decision? will trump s non-appearance at the upcoming debate hurt him in the polls?republican presidential front-runner donald trump said on tuesday night that he is backing out of thursday s primary debate in des moines
"breaking and developing news on the occupation of the oregon wildlife refuge: ammon and ryan bundy
"how socialism and political correctness are destroying a nation we reported about the crime and chaos taking place in france
"don t worry
 that’s not beneath him”"
000 crossing border into u.s. with the help of the feds [video]"
"you can blame the escalating debt on obamacare and taxes we can thank obama for this the federal government will be flirting with $30 trillion in debt within a decade
"you seriously can t make this up. this democrat run city is officially out of control. we reported before that the epa knew about this crisis long before they told anyone
" one way or another
"leave it to obama to take to fear mongering to try and convince voters to vote for socialism what a putz!president obama would much rather critique the republican presidential race than the democratic contest between hillary clinton and bernie sanders
"in 2016
"an atlanta democrat makes some very valid points on what america needs to become better. she believes that trump is her candidate. it s so interesting because this woman is not a republican. trump gives me real hope and change
 white
"making a political endorsement by the naacp completely irrelevant you d think in order to get an endorsement from the naacp or its members that you d have to demonstrate loyalty and allegiance to black causes
"here we go again no credit
 conservative
 work together to implement sharia law"
"reconquista
"assimilate or go hungry  human rights lawyers descend in 5 4 3 2 1 copenhagen
 “why not peace with hitler?” [video]"
"hey bernie fans! you might want to take a look at this:berniesanders.com
"wow! if you heard glen dogherty s sister tonight on megyn kelly
london is about to find out why putting political correctness before your country is a bad idea by bi: sooner than you think if the labour (far left) party has anything to do with it. labour has chosen sadiq khan as its candidate for mayor of londonistan in 2016   a muslim career politician with strong sympathies for islamic radicals and extremists.: shoebat.com
"morten storm is a former cia double agent who s shocked by the ineptness of our former secretary of state in her lack of security with top secret info related to american spies: he said that during his time infiltrating al qaeda for the cia if he had learned that u.s. government officials were treating highly classified intelligence so haphazardly
 defecating in showers and pool
" heavy security
"the obama trifecta: a muslim an illegal alien and a victim of the unfair laws of the united states that target minorities an illegal migrant who was convicted in wisconsin of sexually molesting the body of a dead girl is seeking to have his conviction on sexual violence charges overturned
"wouldn t it be great if the obama administration came out with something regarding the terror risk revealed by the fbi?fbi officials sent out a memo warning of terrorist attacks at super bowl 50 that could take out the entire fiber-optics system that feeds the arena. if the fiber-optic cables get cut
 drink their cocktails
"apparently it takes just one american student to destroy the unity in north korea:north korea has detained a u.s. university student
"the children were nestled all snug in their beds when oops! an illegal alien pedophile slipped through their window. these worst of the worst criminals are crossing our borders every day as our us border agents are given the  stand down  order by a man so hell-bent on a one-party system that he will risk the safety and security of our children and grandchildren. barack obama s kids will never have to worry about safety
"legendary singer and great patriot charlie daniels has been an outspoken critic of the obama administration in the past but this is the best ever overview of the drip
 makes chilling video in “welcoming” neighborhood mosque"
 while joy behar offers some incoherent thoughts on wwii"
"uh oh! billionaire green guru tom stayer says he d possibly back bernie sanders over hillary clinton. his endorsement would be a huge boost for hillary yet mr. stayer is holding off on that. does he know that hillary s campaign is collapsing so he s running from the scandal coming her way? is hillary s house of cards tumbling down before us?billionaire environmental activist tom steyer said he is not ready to endorse hillary clinton
"in case you don t live in the midwest
"stacey dash is no stranger to controversy. she was recently suspended by fox news when she said that [barack]  obama doesn t give a shit about terrorism. today
"are the palin s above the law in alaska? will there ever come a time when america is no longer obsessed by families who have done nothing to earn our fascination with them? the oldest son of former alaska gov. sarah palin was arrested in a domestic violence case in which his girlfriend was afraid he would shoot himself with an ar-15 assault rifle
"where s the accountably? as our president ramps up his gun control rhetoric in the u.s.
 white marxists to serial criminals in pants suits"
 don’t watch this american pastor’s rant: “has america gone stupid?”"
"she s the most dangerous
"who kicks homeless people out onto the streets so they can host a rally? if sanders really cared so much about the  little guy
"this is a stake to the heart of senator ted cruz! sarah palin is shocking everyone with a big endorsement today live streaming below (6:00 p.m. eastern):sarah palin
"this is an old video that exposes so much about the phony race issues that obama and the robinson s (michelle s maiden name) seem to be so obsessed with. please watch this very informative video to the end. you will see pictures of obama s white uncle and aunt that
"so far
"it s good to know there are a few hollywood celebrities who haven t bought into obama s false messiah b.s during an appearance before the u.k. s house of lords on tuesday
brilliant 
 poverty-stricken
"this random cop killing trend is almost like punishing every black man in america for the crimes obama has committed against our nation. most of us are smart enough to understand that you don t blame an entire group of people who are largely innocent of wrong doing
"this is pretty hysterical and is a reaction during the democratic debate last night:feel free to use this in your memes
"this is a mind-blowing interview that confirms much of what many of us suspected about the clintons. for some
"europe is likely not going to be a top destination for families with young daughters
"whiskey tango foxtrot!the united states  sent iran $400 million in debt plus $1.3 billion in interest
"hillary was too busy to be bothered with making benghazi a safer place for ambassador stevens
"this is a story is for anyone who thinks these muslim migrants are going to change their stone-age tactics because they are living at the expense of taxpayers in another country. three young men from north africa were arrested on saturday in the western german city of dortmund for stoning two transgender women.according to a report on friday on television station sat1.nrw
 f*ck the nra
"1.5 trillion net wealth lost in 15 days!it s never about america
"is the republican establishment is in panic mode over trump s staying power in nationwide gop polls? instead of sitting around gnashing their teeth
"the lyrics seem to have been inspired by donald s  trumpisms.  these are not your typical little beauty pageant girls. these girls are rockin  liberty and trump s fans can t get enough of them!watch
"so basically the obama administration is making it easier for central american illegals to come to america without just sneaking in. john kerry and obama should be called out on this effort to totally flood america with central americans and muslims. you are paying for this! i cannot stress enough how bad this is for america. entire towns have been broken with the influx of  refugees . now
 mi water was poisoned
"is the european gravy train finally coming to an end?the danish parliament is considering a bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their benefits.the leftists are very upset about this commonsense legislation. daily sabah reported:a controversial danish bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their stay in asylum centers looks set to pass in parliament after the government on tuesday secured a parliamentary majority.parliament was set to begin a series of debates on the bill yesterday
"ten more hard core prisoners from gitmo have been released only to go to oman where they ll probably continue their terrorist ways. the recidivism rate for former detainees is pretty high so we can only assume the obama administration on thursday quietly transferred 10 yemeni detainees from the prison at guantanamo bay to neighboring oman   so quietly
"this is a very big development. we all knew the gop establishment has been pandering to pro-amnesty corporations and the chamber of commerce
"are you tired of supporting companies who are couldn t care less about the future of this nation? are you tired of giving jobs to people who break laws to enter our country or who are being vetted by the un and coming here through a state department sponsored program on our dime? then take a stand and stop supporting them! when i saw the article at the wall street journal this morning that gushes about how wonderful it is that the international rescue committee is giving out loans to refugees to start businesses
000 “refugees” from latin america to u.s."
"and what about the female sailor in the headscarf? what was that all about? do all the female hostages of iranian revolutionary guard have to wear headscarfs so as not to offend them? this whole capture of the navy boats and the hostage taking of our u.s. sailors just wreaks of something that s been in the workings and was not as spontaneous as obama s spokes liar would have us believe iranian state-controlled news outlet tasnim released video wednesday afternoon that shows a u.s. sailor apologizing for purportedly infringing upon tehran s sovereignty.pictures published by #iran state tv from the moment #us marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/bcekajgpb9  abas aslani (@abasaslani) january 13
i saw this live on cavuto and it s just so great! ted turner jr. is stumping for ben carson. you ll love this! 
"don t underestimate the value of securing the christian vote in this election. the robertson family endorsement goes a long way towards that goal the patriarch of the robertson family
"the world is stunned by the number of women and children who are being raped by muslim  refugees  in europe. obama just announced today
"thanks to the funding our gop majority congress approved at the end of the year
"of course
"this is out of control! is there anything more un-american than telling high school students they aren t allowed to cheer  u.s.a.!  at a sporting event because they may offend someone from another nation?please call the wisconsin interscholastic athletic association in stevens point
"obama promised to keep his sotu speech short but he couldn t even keep that promise. for anyone who watched it
"(function(d
"if rubio isn t smart enough to see that trump s catapult to the top of the gop contenders happened the moment he took a strong stand against politicians putting illegal aliens before americans
 big endorsements and surprising polls roll in for bernie sanders"
"// <![cdata[ (function(d
"so in an effort to reach out to muslims living in america
"this is possibly the most disturbing video we have ever posted on our website. this is an example of the  rape game  called  taharrush  german authorities now admit the muslim migrants brought the  taharrush  rape game to europe and showcased it new year s eve. sexual attacks on western women were reported in cologne
it turns out we re not as divided as people make us out to be really? 
tavis smiley was on megyn kelly and was asked if the black community is better off after 7 years of obama: 
"something about this decision really stinks of favoritism and cronyism. we d love to know who made the decision to punish the american viewers with yet another painful appearance by john kasich on the debate stage over carly fiorina and rand paul rand paul and carly fiorina have been booted to the undercard in thursday night s republican primary debate as the number of main-stage candidates was cut to seven by stricter polling criteria.paul
"hey
"the results of this town s gun ownership mandate shows what happens when there are armed civilians out there in 1982
"hillary clinton s new e-mail release exposes her relationship to some very anti-israel people. sydney blumenthal is a very close friend of the clintons and exchanges quite a few e-mails with clinton that are disturbing. did he have much influence of foreign policy and the inner workings of the state department. while clinton claims blumenthal was a minor character
"you certainly don t want to get caught showing pride for your nation  kinda reminds us of the kids who got sent home from school for wearing an american flag on their shirts because they offended the mexican immigrant students ten pupils at a secondary school in gossau turned up for their lessons wearing an edelweiss shirt on friday.a teacher was very unhappy at the sight of this typically swiss clothing; he asked them to go and put something else on.according to the  sonntagszeitung 
"hollywood icon and superstar sylvester stallone gave an interview with variety to pump his latest project  creed  now in theaters. the only thing the libs didn t count on was stallone s total support for trump. he really likes a fighter but who s surprised about that. rambo!!!stallone told variety
"this isn t just any church organization
"from claiming any american who speaks out against hugo chavez should be jailed
"there are so many reasons for this little coward to leave america and travel abroad for the duration of his term. does he have knowledge of an imminent attack on america and wants to be overseas when it happens? is he using taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for un secretary general? perhaps he wants to be on the other side of the world when criminal proceedings against hillary heat up? plotting against america for seven straight years can be exhausting. maybe he just needs a break? or perhaps it s just as simple as wanting to hit some international golf courses on our dime. whatever his reasons
 why i’m so hostile…and how “your political beliefs are a threat to liberty – not just for me
 fda
"people across america are waiting in line for hours to see trump speak about how he plans to  make america great again.  many are being turned away
"we re gonna go out on a limb
"as hillary sinks in the polls
a new campaign video was just released from the donald trump campaign   your thoughts on this? 
 as cnn gives her time to confront him about gun control on live tv [video]"
"the question is who obama will protect? will he stand by his  yes woman
 monica and other perverts make guest appearances"
 planned parenthood endorsement"
"dinesh made some frightening predictions in his blockbuster movie
"they knew! can you believe these people? fox news reported earlier that the release of this report was delayed twice today. now we know why they released it late. these people are sickening! please never forget these american heroes left to die by this woman. the u.s. state department told a watchdog group in 2013 that it didn t have any information about former secretary hillary clinton s emails
"it would appear that socialism is not the only answer in the ultra-liberal state of vermont tonight s donald trump rally in burlington vermont has all the makings of a doozy political event. burlington vermont is ground-zero for democrat bernie sanders and both trump supporters and bernie s political protesters have plans on attendance.in essence trump is quite popular and viewed very favorably by the general citizenry of vermont. however
"recruiting kids is what obama s campaign did so well. this must be a loony lefty tactic to train the kids early to accept socialism. remember this creepy video from the obama campaign: we re gonna change the world could you imagine the national media firestorm had the school been recruiting for donald trump s campaign?students at marshwood high school in south berwick received an email from the clinton campaign   urging them to sign up for positions as unpaid  fellows . hillary for new hampshire is looking for smart
"almost as scary as the idea that hillary would lie about a major health concern
"the clinton crime syndicate may find a few bumps in the road
"it doesn t appear the man rushing to doors of a paris police station with a knife
 i got bamboozled. i voted for him twice. i’m voting for trump”"
 sexual assault by muslim migrants for not defending themselves"
 ted cruz announces engraved shotgun giveaway…one lucky american will win"
"unlike our racist
 are not’ [video]"
"there is nothing about obama s executive order gun grab. barack hussein obama has an agenda that
"really cher? we re not excusing infidelity
awkward! i am a progressive  
"donald trump is right again: he warned in a presidential debate that no one was paying attention to north korea. well
"a clear violation of obama s lopsided  deal  with iran hey barry do you still think iran wants to be our friend? what was the rush for america to cave to iran while totally ignoring their nuclear ambitions?  iran unveiled a new underground missile depot on tuesday with state television showing emad precision-guided missiles in store which the united states says can take a nuclear warhead and violate a 2010 u.n. security council resolution.the defiant move to publicize iran s missile program seemed certain to irk the united states as it plans to dismantle nearly all sanctions on iran under a breakthrough nuclear agreement.tasnim news agency and state television video said the underground facility
"following obama s phony tears
 obama just can’t help himself: u.s. allies say obama has secretly chosen sides in saudi arabia
"let s be honest when it comes to the clinton clan
"facts are funny things ever wonder why the left is so opposed to using them in an argument?cnn law enforcement analyst art rodericktold explained to cnn host brian stelter
” explain why they’re fighting tyrannical government"
"donald trump revealed his first ad of the political season. no matter what candidate you support
 why don’t you start shooting terrorists?’"
"of course hillary cares about rape victims
"could this be another casualty of the clinton crime syndicate? the mi6 spy who was found dead inside a holdall bag in his bathtub in london hacked into secret data held on former u.s. president bill clinton
"apparently these germans are not interested in becoming another sweden a wordless anti-islamist hymn knocked chart-buster adele off the top of the charts in germany.a wordless hymn by the anti-islamic group pegida called  together we re strong  has knocked pop diva adele off the top of the amazon singles chart.the song has been available to buy on amazon since december 21st and has been among the top 100 best selling singles for four days.german media picked up on the songs emerging success on tuesday when it was still at number 26 in the chart. die welt reported that despite widespread ridicule
it s about time someone called this what it is. the foreign policy in the obama regime has created isis. 
"this last year could be the most devastating year for america with obama s attempt at  tackling unfinished business . gun control
"this should come as no surprise to anyone who has watched these thugs in action. there is no line the union bosses won t cross to keep the unions dues flowing .the list
"pc is killing our country. this is called fighting back while counterculture crackpots are working themselves into a lather over the prospect that
" no one listened we had many chances to expose this freak show when it started
 trump can’t save you!"
we re thinking it s having the opposite effect. maybe it s time for a food fight  the black lives matter terrorist began harassing unsuspecting patrons this morning at dove s diner on wicker road in chicago. gateway pundit
"the world class grifters aka the clintons are going on the road to  campaign. does anyone else smell desperation? can hillary not stand on her own two feet? bill is also known as slick willy so perhaps hillary s thinking everyone forgot his sexcapades while in office. this could make for some great political theatre ol  bubba is the gift that keeps on giving. just when he thought it was safe to hit the road again
"when loretta lynch was confirmed as the new director of the doj
"we can t afford to give our us veterans a proper funeral
"while us citizens are outraged over the removal of christ from pretty much every aspect of our lives
 defy his executive actions”"
"hillary clinton s pointing the finger at the victims of the benghazi attack the families of the four heroes who died there. she says
"who even admits to doing this? i have to say that i just don t believe it. if it is true
"just another slap in the face to us citizens. our government arranges massive payments to hostages taken by the terrorist nation of iran
 atheists and anti-american jackasses"
000 reward for person who committed “hate crime” with bacon? [video]"
"wouldn t it be great if we had someone in government who would take the import of thousands of muslims from countries who hate us seriously?swiss army chief andr  blattmann warned
"it would be great if  her former running mate
this is great! i love how trump destroys savannah guthrie on every point. 
"there are two small problems with your analogy susan  jesus was not a muslim and joseph traveled to bethlehem with mary. for anyone who s not paying attention there don t appear to be many female refugees accompanying male muslim  refugees  to greece.susan sarandon spent the christmas holiday on the greek island of lesbos assisting international organizations with the mounting syrian refugee crisis   a crisis
"the drip drip drip of communism in the leftist state of california a new california law scheduled to take effect friday will allow the police to seize private
"during obama s campaigning in 2008
"this is what happens when you have government leaders who represent their own self interests
"vladimir putin the anti-obama fans of the maverick russian president can now gaze upon him every day for the bargain price of just 78 roubles (72p) by buying his bizarre and wonderful 2016 calendar.the momentous tribute to the iron-fisted leader features him in a typically outlandish range of poses
000 fine"
"the evil george soros wrote a rare op-ed for the guardian. you see
"do you think our gun grabber in chief should be next?virginia state senator bill carrico (r-dist. 40) is responding to governor terry mcauliffe s (d) relentless gun control push by introducing a budget amendment to remove funding for mcauliffe s protection detail.carrico said
 while ignoring 6 murders
"i m sure it just slipped the feeble minds of the leftist media if it weren t for double standards
"is anyone else concerned that the left was able to turn the display of a confederate flag by an american into a criminal offense almost overnight? when a contractor s truck at the university of wisconsin   lacrosse sported a confederate flag across its grille in november
"a beautiful story of generosity and kindness the media would never share with american voters one narrative emerging around the surprisingly resilient donald trump portrays the brash billionaire as a final card laid down by republican blue-collar voters who see their way of life   and their political clout   draining away in a bathtub spiral.trump has been a man of last resort before. right here in georgia
 prostitution and human slavery?"
"so bill clinton wants a third term so much that he s coming out to battle trump. bringing bill clinton in to fight hillary s battles could be a double edged sword. she might gain some momentum but it s hard to believe that trump won t come after them with some zingers. the problem with the zingers is that they might earn hillary some sympathy from the voters. i say that she should fight her own battles but don t you know bill would love to be sitting in the white house a year from now  a new and more combative phase of hillary clinton s presidential campaign opens next month when she sends her husband out to stump for her in important early states.waiting for him will be businessman donald trump
"the dhs has announced that they ll be raiding places that house illegals and deporting them. this could get ugly and it will only garner sympathy for the illegal aliens who ve broken federal law by crossing our border. over 10
"paul ryan is just like all the other establishment politicians from both sides of the aisle who have sold the american worker down the river for cheap labor. foreign workers have been coming in to america by the droves to take over jobs that americans had. in some cases
"dead broke! yes
"meanwhile
"who better than a man who risked the lives of his wife and children to get free dental care to ask taxpayers in europe and america to open their doors to more freeloading muslims? the father of a little boy who drowned while fleeing syria has pleaded with the world to  open its doors  to refugees.three-year-old alan kurdi died along with his mother rehanna and five-year-old brother ghalib in september.they paid cruel people smugglers thousands to reach greece by boat after fleeing their war-ravaged homeland.but pictures of his lifeless body washed up on a turkish beach forced politicians to tackle the refugee crisis.his father abdullah kurdi said:  my message is i d like the whole world to open its doors to syrians. if a person shuts a door in someone s face
"americans should pay close attention to this story
 as they know 2016 election will decide america’s future"
"can they not find something original? the democrats are trying to fundraise off of donald trump s hat copycatsthe democratic congressional campaign committee (dccc) is trying to raise money for 2016 house races with its own version of donald trump s infamous  make america great again  hat.the dccc s hat comes in blue
"people sense when they re being pandered to and it s no secret that hillary clinton is a master panderer we ve seen her in southern states turn on the fake accent pandering to the people down there. as a southerner
"these poor kids have probably practiced for months for this performance
"no wonder we ve had the worst democrat president in the history of the united states for 7 long years!gop consultant rick wilson says gop establishment needs to  put a bullet  in trump s head.wilson has also hurled insults at trump supporters the past few months.breitbart reported: on tuesday evening
"no matter what candidate you re supporting
"ter ror ist  ter r st/ noun a person who uses terrorism in the pursuit of political aims. synonyms: extremist
robert davi gives a great answer to neil cavuto s question: is trump a racist? 
"of course in their blind rage for the conservative right
"will megyn kelly be working towards a  gotcha moment  that has the press talking about her the next day
"never mind that iran continues to violate obama s lopsided deal senior obama administration officials are expressing concern that congressional attempts to tighten laws preventing terrorists from entering the united states could violate the iran nuclear agreement and prompt tehran to walk away from the agreement.congress is considering measures that would tighten the visa waiver program to make it harder for potential terrorists to legally enter the united states by increasing restrictions on individuals who have travelled to countries with prominent terrorist organizations from bypassing security checks upon entering the united states.iranian officials have in recent days repeatedly issued threatening statements to the obama administration
 host announces he named wrong winner
"what the heck! hillary and bill really are the grifters i ve always said they were. here s proof:hillary clinton bristled during saturday s democratic debate when she was asked about her role as first lady
"does anyone remember a time in recent history that candidates in the republican party caused so many hissy fits by the left?// <![cdata[ (function(d
"and here we thought terrorism was the only thing we needed to be concerned about there is a risk that middle eastern refugees entering the u. s .  could be infected with a flesh-eating disease that is sweeping across syria.health agencies confirmed that syrian refugees have transported leishmaniasis to lebanon and turkey
this is fun! george stephanopoulos tries his best to hammer trump in an interview this morning but comes out on the losing end. 
"what catholic college campus would be complete without students who bastardize the lyrics to songs about the birth of jesus christ tis the season to protest
"hillary clinton has a habit of going missing during debates she did this during the last debate. is she so special that she doesn t need to think of the time? for all 12 people actually watching this farce last night
"isn t it a conflict of interest that clinton is giving money to the dnc? ya think!thanks to breitbart news for finding an email that exposes the money transfer from the clinton campaign to the dnc. the dnc hasn t responded so it would be a great idea to get a freedom of information request to see just how much is bring funded to the party since they re $8 million in debt. yes
"the politically correct country of sweden paying a very big price for their kindness
"judge jeanine: i wasn t even going to do an opening statement because it s the holidays and i m generally in the christmas spirit. but when hillary clinton laid out her comprehensive plan to bolster homeland security
"***language warning***this video will make your blood boil. my heart bleeds for this veteran who bravely pulled over to confront these terrorist sympathizers. the veteran was simply asking them to turn the us flag right side up. the terrorist sympathizers refused to turn the flag over and were actually dragging the flag on the ground during the confrontation.you will see a man in an orange jacket wearing a hat that says  navy seal.  after watching this video
" if you re like us
"every american should be demanding answers about why barack hussein obama is in such a hurry to empty gitmo before he leaves office. illegal alien prisoners are being released at an unprecedented rate. our borders are being left wide open by a president who s demanded our us border agents stand down. visas are being given to people coming here with the sole intention of harming innocent americans. law enforcement has been ridiculed and weakened by a spiteful racist and his willing accomplices in the media. what do we need to do to alert the kim kardashian followers our united states of america  is intentionally being destroyed by a radical in the white house?national security: the pentagon has cleared the release of 17 more terrorist detainees from guantanamo bay prison. president obama puts jihadist boots on the ground before mobilizing u.s. troops in the middle east.a congressional aide told fox news on thursday that the white house s strategy in the decision this week to set free more terrorist prisoners from the gitmo facility in u.s.-controlled territory in cuba is to get the number of detainees there to  as low as they can get
"wild bill for america is a conservative youtube sensation who s been offering his hard hitting
"the drip drip drip of the left ensuring christmas is reduced to a quiet nonpublic celebration    this isn t a very good of taxpayer money
wow! the dnc is pushing for a coronation of hillary and doing everything it can to stop bernie whoa! 
"by now
"obama is determined to close gitmo to follow through with a campaign promise. so he s been releasing terrorists pretty regularly and it s no secret that they just rejoin their fellow jihadis in an effort to kill us all. he s a peach of a guy isn t he?here s why americans should be outraged by this effort to release 17 more jihadis:more lies: obama talks of releasing  low risk  detainees
"no dumb ass  we are actually not all muslims! last time i checked we were still a majority christian nation
"speaker of the house paul ryan is officially a total sellout! he agreed to a $1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill with obama late wednesday night that increases unskilled guest workers allowed into america significantly. under the bloated $1.1 trillion bill
"funding for sanctuary cities
"these videos are very disturbing. americans are headed down this path if we don t fight back against the left who put political correctness before our national security a german court has ruled that islamists who patrolled a city s streets as  sharia police  did not break the law and will not be prosecuted.here is what a sharia patrol looks like:nine were arrested in september 2014 after patrolling streets in wuppertal
 low energy candidate low energy fans h/t weasel zipppers
"jeb takes a swipe at trump and trump hammers him:  he doesn t really believe i m unhinged. he said that because he has failed in this campaign. it s been a total disaster. nobody cares. and frankly
"debbie wasserman-schultz didn t ask members of congress to bring a relative of an american citizen murdered by an illegal alien to the last state of the union. she didn t ask them to bring a spouse of a police officer killed as a result of obama s war on law enforcement. what about asking them to bring a christian or jewish family member from the san bernardino muslim terror attack? do they not qualify as  victims  deb? it s odd how the democrats pick and choose who does
"judicial watch has been the one organization that s been reporting on the crazy expensive trips the obamas have taken since day one. barack obama has been savaged by a top spending campaigner for taking the first family on an eighth consecutive christmas vacation to hawaii
"as much as many of us wish there were a legitimate third party for conservatives
"is there ever a time the left isn t portrayed as the victim in hollywood? the tragic 1969 car accident that left a young woman dead at the hands of late sen. ted kennedy will make it to the big screen for a film that the project s producer says will show audiences what kennedy  had to go through. according to the hollywood reporter
 torches"
"have you ever noticed how dhs director jeh johnson repeatedly lies or answers questions with very vague answers? i can name numerous times he s given smug and incomplete answers when testifying about immigration and terrorism. of course
 no jobs
"did you know that a record number of illegals crossed our border last month? while we re focusing on the syrian refugee influx
" does this surprise anyone? the party that can t handle its finances is begging for your tax dollars! with only $4.7 million available
"according to the latest des moines register poll
"jim comey gets a 10 year tenure as fbi director so obama can t touch him. he s a 6  8  dynamo who s single-handedly trying to be the voice of truth in a sea of liars and crooks. judge jeanine tells obama in her opening statement last night to
"march 1st is the day! vote for becky gerritson for us congress in alabama s 2nd district!we love this woman! becky gerritson embodies everything that makes america so special and unique. she is a  limited government conservative  who is passionate about preserving and protecting the united states of america and everything we
"what the heck is going on in brooklyn
"senator jeff sessions has been such a beacon of common sense and patriotism in his battle to save america s sovereignty. he s fought the battle of illegal immigration and now this battle of refugee resettlement with great focus. this is yet another example of his passion for doing what s really right for americans. bravo senator sessions!discussion of a nuclear security bill was hijacked in a senate judiciary committee meeting by sen. pat leahy (d-vt.)
"the despicable anti-free speech
"john kerry and al gore are jubilant that we ve struck a deal (sort of) to limit carbon emissions what a couple of jokesters these guys are. it s really embarrassing that all these important people came together to discuss the weather and not our most pressing topic of what to do about terrorism. this is what happens when you let the liberals rule unicorns and rainbows:john kerry told fellow negotiators
"just when you thought only muslim terrorists teach their kids to use violence against anyone who doesn t agree with them along comes the hateful american left. what these poor misguided parents have clearly missed is how many latino s don t support amnesty for people who ve illegally crossed our borders it seems like plenty of people have wanted to take a bat to donald trump s head this year
"yet another reason not to vote for this disaster of a secretary of state!state department spokesman john kirby said in a press conference on friday that libya  has struggled  since 2011
 turns on obama
this ad is fantastic and really nails the failure of leadership from obama and clinton: 
 add 230 points…check “asian
 making unlawful entry to u.s. easy"
"it s almost as though we don t even have a constitution never let a crisis go to waste president barack obama s advisers are finalizing a proposal that would expand background checks on gun sales without congressional approval.white house adviser valerie jarrett says the president has asked his team to complete a proposal and submit it for his review  in short order.  she says the recommendations will include measures to expand background checks.jarrett spoke wednesday night at a vigil for the victims of the newtown shooting
"while some of the most important questions about this jihadi couple are being left unanswered
"another gitmo detainee returns to terror is anyone else starting to see a pattern here? former guantanamo detainee
 he speaks for the masses…who can blame americans for not wanting to end up like uk? [video]"
"protesters were out in large numbers on michigan avenue today calling for the resignations of mayor rahm emanuel and the state s attorney. chicago mayor rahm emanuel spoke publicly earlier in the day and apologized for the handling of the laquan mcdonald investigation. protesters shut down michigan avenue to hurt the city in the pocketbook. idiotic! they were chanting
"hillary lied again! this time
 relationships with judges and arbitrary criteria used to deny gun permits"
"what does obama
katrina pierson does a fantastic job with this cnn anchor  
"wow! just wow where are you from?syria.syria?why don t you claim asylum in france?france? because i don t like it.you don t like france? why not?because they re shit. because they re shit government.okay. you want to come to england?yes
"this is really reaching the spokesperson for the president has just made an a@@ of himself by making fun of a candidate for the 2016 presidency. he said we can t take trump seriously with his  fake hair . nice
"since obama was sworn in as president hundreds of thousands of  refugees  have come to america most of them muslim. we re also seeing thousands of people from all over the world cross our southern border illegally. with the virtual invasion via illegals and refugees
 suspended by fox news for using tough language to describe obama"
 mi take to streets to protest isis"
"our good friends at texas border volunteers are on the border catching illegals all the time. the vickers family has a ranch that sees hundreds of illegals. please read the first-hand account of what s really been going on at our border: mike vickers of texas border volunteers:  probably 60 percent to 70 percent of the groups we encounter are not mexican
"liberty university president jerry falwell
"we can all breathe a sigh of relief
"a shameless promotion of amnesty by our feds. obama and the democrats are willing to do whatever it takes it s all about the votes the obama administration is encouraging the 8.8 million eligible lawful permanent residents to become u.s. citizen with efforts aimed at raising awareness about the process and pressing more immigrants to naturalize.just for fun the obama regime threw in this silly little reminder (see end of tweet where vote is prominently displayed in upper case letters. this tweet (featured in the spanish speaking video) basically serves as a reminder: if you gain your citizenship through our efforts
"what do you think? has americans reached their breaking point? the fox news and fox business networks have suspended on-air host stacey dash and commentator lt. col. ralph peters for cursing on the air about president obama s handling of the islamic state terrorist group. called obama a  pussy  after his primetime televised speech on terrorism
 barry’s got this"
"trump reads his muslim shutdown statement at a rally this afternoon:  it s difficult to watch this gross incompetence that i watched last night.  donald j. trump is calling for a total and complete shut down of muslims entering the united states
"our homeland security director gave us all the lowdown on the refugee program and it s what we all thought: isis has been trying to use the refugee program to come to america. why in the heck are we still trying to bring refugees here? can t we help them in the middle east? the only thing i can guess is that this is obama s agenda and he s not letting up on fulfilling it. the state department and un are pushing refugees through the system as fast as possible. this is big
"it s a wonder we have any sane children coming out of our leftist indoctrination think tanks that are being passed off as  schools.  the  vote bernie  is an especially nice touch the vice principal of camden hills regional high school has america s enemy all figured out:  domestic white  christian  men with easy access to guns. after a lone gunman killed two civilians and a police officer in colorado springs
"the drip drip drip of communism leftists are stealing our rights and freedom while americans can t be bothered with  politics  because they re too busy watching the kardashians the florida high school athletics association recently denied a request by two christian schools to broadcast a prayer before a championship game at orlando s citrus bowl stadium.cambridge christian school in tampa and the university christian school out of jacksonville are playing in the district 2-a high school football championships today and coaches from both teams submitted a request to ensure a 30-second prayer over the loudspeaker before kickoff
"when wwii veteran and pearl harbor resident
"this is a must watch from start to finish. there has never been a leftist who can defeat the brilliant dinesh d souza in a debate. he is a gift to conservatism and if we are ever going to win the war against the left
"please take action today! you will find out this week if speaker ryan and senate majority leader mcconnell put your safety first! we have no obligation to invite unvetted third world refugees to your towns to live off of your hard work (your tax dollars). yes
"obama addressed the nation in a nothing burger of a jumble of jargon:here are steps congress can take right now to help defeat the terrorist threat from isil and keep americans safe.   the white house (@whitehouse) december 7
trump spokesperson katrina pierson:  when was the last time you fact checked barack obama?  i love her!!! 
" well
000 years of christianity from iraq [video]"
"you will not believe this whopper! hillary clinton is dealing in vague answers that are really downright lies. she claims in an interview that it was  the fog of war  that made her lie to the families of the benghazi victims. i say it was cover your a@@ time and that s what they came up with. these people are sickening! sunday on abc s  this week
"what does it say to americans when the head of homeland security voices his support for not offending one group over all other americans. since day one at his job as head of homeland security
 baby!” [video]"
"can we just stop allowing muslim refugees and visitors into u.s. from countries who hate us already? how about we focus on the 1% of pakistani s who are christian that face daily persecution at the hands of muslims?update: tashfeen malik posted a pledge of allegiance to isis before her deadly attack. she used a fake address on her passport.via abc:for the visa application
"as one would expect the obama regime is tripping all over the dead bodies of this tragedy to promote gun control. they only take a break from their embarrassing behavior to assure muslim s they ve got their backs. will this nightmare ever end?on thursday
"because everyone deserves a  safe space right? the white student union (wsu) at the university of california
"how long do you think our  president  has known about this? anyone else sick of this muslim sympathizer in chief? the mysterious pakistani woman who with her husband gunned down 14 wednesday at a southern california holiday party pledged her allegiance to isis before the massacre
"update: a leading supreme court analyst thinks attorney general loretta lynch is the  most likely candidate  to replace the late conservative justice antonin scalia.tom goldstein
the political ideology is shocking! a very stubborn obama just keeps spewing the same talking points and refuses to back down on his outrageous claims on climate change: *quick note: notice how the ladies totally editorialize at the end of the video like good little alinskyites. 
"the democrats tried to attach a gun control amendment to the bill
"they wouldn t want to remind anyone the actual reason for the  holiday  season or god forbid
"oh the irony of a terror attack by muslims taking place on american soil on the heels of obama s return from phony climate change summit in paris isis has taken responsibility for the horrifying attacks in paris that have left more than 150 dead and hundreds wounded. french president francois hollande is calling for the closure of his country s borders. president barack obama didn t condemn islamic radicals for the attacks
a virginia rally for donald trump turned into a big day for endorsements by black pastors. 
"is this why we worked so hard to get a gop majority in the house and senate? spineless weasels republican house members blasted their gop leadership wednesday for caving to democratic leaders  demand that they abandon the house s bipartisan bill to tighten screening of refugee applicants from syria and iraq. the bill to bolster the syrian and iraqi [refugee] vetting process passed with a veto-proof majority and is supported by a vast majority of americans
"are you sitting down? the phony baloney climate change summit put on by our dictator in chief costs the american taxpayers close to $2 million dollars. someone needs to shut this grifter down!car service
"the media really wants to bury trump on this but two important officials have come forward in trump s defense. no matter what candidate you support
"no wonder obama wasn t vetted! here s a fox news reporter who s standing right in front of obama s buddy and anarchist bill ayers! can you believe this?president obama s old revolutionary pal
"how very progressive and how very ironic that our tyrannical president would take the opportunity to address how he plans to implement gun control in the u.s. while standing in paris
" individual people can be bullied into submission but as a group we can t be silenced if we are to really live in an environment where race is not a factor
"the green criminals who re working on how to distribute your money to those in far away places had a splendid meal last night in paris. could someone tell obama we re broke?as working dinners go
"this letter is quite possibly the most important letter these students will ever receive throughout their entire college career. it should be adopted by every college and university in america as part of a contract the students are asked to read and accept.it s finally happened. a college president
"so the irony isn t lost on me when i saw the still shot of hillary wearing the muslim symbol of submission to men in her new ad. this woman wants to be seen as strong and knowledgeable on foreign policy but obviously doesn t understand the message she s sending out. does hillary clinton not know what wearing a hijab means or is she just that stupid to throw one on for votes? it s like when she puts on the phony southern accent when she s in south carolina. pandering to the muslims and those that think it s just so great that she s so diverse tells us all we need to know about this hag. she d do anything to get elected even wear a symbol of oppression how ironic! daniel greenfield gives us the lowdown on the symbolism of wearing a hijab:hillary s latest campaign video tries to build up her non-existent foreign policy experience. that means making as much as possible out of her feminist speech in china  which avoided criticizing a communist regime that forces women to have abortions. (or as her planned parenthood pals call it
"dr. scott was interviewed after the meeting between black pastors and donald trump. he said that over 100 people were in the meeting and that those who hadn t endorsed trump were going to pray on it. what really stuck with me is that one of the pastors said other pastors support trump but are afraid to openly support him for fear of losing parishioners. pretty sad
"ed hnery describes the newest batch of 7
"this explains a report we heard this morning of putin and obama seen having a serious conversation at the global warming summit in paris. it s being reported that the two leaders spoke of the syrian civil war and ukraine. does anyone else think this photo is pretty awkward?  this is a huge deal and is basically giving putin a big reason to go after turkey. here we go!russia has received additional intelligence confirming that oil from deposits controlled by islamic state (is
 jr. to phony climate change [video]"
"wait one damn minute! didn t we do this already? it s another effort to spread the wealth and i m thinking the american people won t buy it this time.boston (ap)   hillary clinton called for hundreds of billions in new federal spending on infrastructure on sunday
"welcome to the  new america
"obama has waisted billions on green energy but the free market wins in the end with the success of fracking and natural gas. you won t hear this from obama because it doesn t further his agenda to spread the wealth of american taxpayers. obama plans on spreading our tax dollars to india yes
"amen to this! billions of your tax dollars have been redistributed in the name of global warming.  when future generations look back on the global-warming scare of the past 30 years
"rep. keith ellison (d-mn) is more than just a radical activist
"this is not a war we can expect our children to fight on their own. we are in a war with a leftist academia who has lost sight of why we are paying for our children to attend their schools. we are not paying for our children to sit in a classroom and talk about the evils of capitalism
this report explains so much could this explain obama s actions too? 
" the u.s. is the great enemy of mankind!  raved ernesto  che  guevara in 1961.  against those hyenas there is no option but extermination. we will bring the war to the imperialist enemies  very home
"update: no #blacklivesmatter protests plannedchicago has no shortage of thugs. what they do have a shortage of is support from the #blacklivesmatter terrorists and obama regime. you don t hear our community organizer in chief running to a microphone every time a young black man or woman is murdered at the hands of another black man or woman. sadly
"bravo! these two great americans make me have hope for the politicians we elect. they re doing a damn good job of exposing the phony iran deal. they both are veterans and super smart so maybe they ve been able to outsmart the obama thugs. i love these guys!rep. mike pompeo (r   kan.) and sen. tom cotton (r   ark.) have a lot in common. both are army veterans and both are graduates of harvard law school. and both have been doing a great job of exposing aspects of the nuclear deal with iran that the administration would rather keep quiet.this week it was reported that an inquiry from pompeo got the state department to admit that the nuclear deal was never signed and is not  legally binding. julia frifield
"absent parent cashin  in mcdonald was the teen who was shot by the chicago officer 16 times
"how can it possibly be legal for these terrorists to lock arms and block innocent shoppers from entering these stores? the  miracle mile
"the spoiled brats protesting on colleges campuses across america could benefit from a little common sense advice from 13 year old conservative
"even though obama has to pay for anything he wants to keep
"barack wants the black community to blame whites and cops. these black chicago residents aren t buying it. they re putting the blame squarely on barack hussein obama and rahm emanuel. he s probably the the worst president ever elected. have the same love for these (black) young people as you ve got for the ones across the border. these residents of chicago understand that obama has done nothing to help raise them out of a state of dependency. they want jobs. they want self-esteem. they want to raise their families and earn a paycheck. obama and the democrats want to keep them down. and when the joblessness is so out of control
"it would be great to ditch mccain this next election. in fact
 let us rededicate ourselves to the preservation of the land of the free and the home of the brave” [video]"
"isis released a new video yesterday
"this is insane!watch: protests erupted in chicago tuesday night in the wake of first-degree murder charges being brought against a police officer who shot and killed a 17-year-old black man in october 2014.watch this young punk staring down a cop who is just standing in place defending the protesters. this tough guy has been emboldened by the barack obama-eric holder race and cop war that was started when trayvon martin was killed by  white hispanic  george zimmerman. thug michael brown s death just gave these hate organizer a reason to pass the baton to a whole new group of rioters in another geographic area.now
"when did white students become throw away citizens on campuses?  white privilege has turned to  white shame  and outright psychological abuse at the hands of black lives matter terrorists and pathetic excuses for educators university students in massachusetts who were upset by an image of a confederate flag sticker on another student s laptop were offered counseling services at framingham state university.the offer came after the university s  chief diversity and inclusion officer
 or he’ll pop off! obama’s just waiting for your specific “alternative” [supercut video]"
"// <![cdata[ (function(d
"we live near this once great tourist destination of hamtramck
 “if it doesn’t work
"once again
"why would any sane person choose to enlist in our military when we don t even have a commander in chief who is fighting this war to win?  last week
"nothing is more repulsive than pac representing gov. john kasich
"this isn t the first time obama left an important figure behind in our war on terror. remember pakistani
 counter-productive war in syria
"even barbara walters
"president obama on isis: they re  a bunch of killers with good social media. they are dangerous and they ve caused great hardship to   an overwhelming majority of people.  really barry?  they ve caused a great hardship?  when someone you love has their head chopped off
"if the republican party really cared about winning this race
"we reported about trump making similar comments back in august here. more than ever
"when we found this insane article on the occupy democrats website
"this is a very interesting article and worth taking the time to read all the way through the islamic state believes it can use its enemies  hands for its own agenda. its propaganda material and its supporters  social media activity have made it apparent there are three key reactions isis is hoping u.s. policymakers
"in normal times
"she s just like one of you ha! hillary clinton breaks out the very phony southern accent during a speech in memphis. this always cracks me up because i m from the south and we can spot a phony a mile away. pandering to her base is what clinton does best. just like obama
"it s amazing the sheep mentality of students attending a school that should be promoting individual thought and encouraging students to not buy into propaganda without first exploring the facts.the price of carbon dioxide emissions could be the next thing to drive up the cost of a university education
"so sweden basically wants to ensure muslims returning from raping and beheading innocent people overseas
"i just happened to be listening to rush today and want to pass this on to everyone. please share this and stop the false story being reported to try and bring down trump. it s bad enough that the lefty media is trying to take down trump with big lies
"if seven years ago
 europe will become urban war zone"
"behold the democrats best choice for president of the united states of america. hillary should be on bloody knees every day thanking her lucky stars she s not a republican .hillary clinton gave a speech thursday at the council on foreign relation
"it turns out the words  affordable  and  care  were both horrendous lies pushed by the left in order to prop up the most dangerous man to every occupy our oval office.if you like your insurance carrier
"as the house moves closer to actually representing the will of we the people with this vote
"the always brilliant ben shapiro answers that question in well
"obama didn t appear to be very pleased when cnn ally
"never mind that a new poll shows americans oppose bringing syrian refugees to america by a 2-1 margin! carry on king barry to hell with the american people for five days a coordinated dc media has been attacking as racists anyone opposed to president obama s plan to resettle thousands of syrians refugees here in america. a new poll shows that the emotional blackmail being hurled by both obama and his dc media allies has failed miserably. by nearly 2-to-1 (53% to 28%)
"and this woman wants to be in charge of america? she can t even handle a laugh factory standup skit! the thing that s so wrong is that the first amendment comes into play here. you won t believe this:in what appears to be a first for a serious presidential contender
"this story is from 2006 and is the first in a long series of hillary s lies that we ll be exposing over the next couple of months for more than a decade
"obama has a knack for going overseas and disparaging the citizens of the united states. the hate america mantra. it s what he knows. it s how he s wired. but this time
"gosh
"how quickly the democrats have forgotten about that little  incident  that landed hillary in the hospital
 but we have flowers” dad unknowingly exposes “sitting duck” reality of gun-free france in this viral video"
"there is a also a map (below) showing which states will and won t accept refugees from syria and those who haven t made up their minds yet leave it to obama to call anyone who questions the sanity of bringing hundreds of thousands of unchecked muslims over to a country they ve been taught to hate since birth  anti-americans! president obama said the united states needed to  step up and do its part  admitting refugees from syriahe said that the issue of refugees and terrorism should not be equated in the aftermath of the paris attacksa handful of republican governors have publicly pronounced that their states would not accept syriansobama made a swipe at those gop leaders   asking them to be more like president george w. bush in the aftermath of 9/11now
 threaten students: ‘f*ck you
 threaten students: ‘f*ck you
"time will tell how serious the house republicans are about keeping our nation safe. goodness knows it s the furthest thing from our  climate change promoter in chief s mind following the deadly terrorist attacks in paris
"these videos will shock you. when you think of sweden
"the intellectual froglegs videos by joe dan gorman are truly a gift to conservatives in america. joe dan uses hard-hitting
"the wsj s mary kissel nails it on the dem debate with the three candidates who were giving no solutions on isis:  it was one of the most remarkable displays of unintelligible garbage rhetoric that i have ever seen.  amen to that!mary kissel: the barbarians are at the gates. we ve seen attacks now from london to madrid to beirut to over the sinai. it is time for american leadership. hillary said this isn t america s fight. look
"wow it looks like dem candidate for governor
"so the moderator of the democratic debate met with the campaigns of the candidates but didn t give away any questions? really? and we re supposed to believe this? a  pre-interview  took place to discuss the issues  at play in the race . isn t that giving the questions away?i d call that a strategy session because we shouldn t forget that ben rhodes and david rhodes are brothers this saturday s second democratic debate will be a much smaller affair than the first. with only three candidates on stage
” or else"
"never mind that almost every single aspect of the phony mizzou controversy has been proven to be a hoax. for these entitled trophy kids
"thank god america has people like ted cruz in our senate
"the terror attacks in paris are a horrific reminder of the consequences nations who open their borders to people who want to kill them will surely face reports are emerging that one of the terrorists involved in last night s paris massacre was a syrian refugee who arrived in greece last month.greek journalist yannis koutsomitis tweets that the country s ministry of public order and citizen protection has confirmed that the terrorist found with a syrian passport on his person was
000 syrian refugees arrive in la: estimated cost to taxpayers for family of four is $257
"now we ll just sit back and wait to see if middleton s name appears on the white house registry in october or early november mike middleton
 including military forces
"the usps is drowning in debt
000 jobs"
 they’d be protesting death of white 6 yr old autistic boy whose dad was unarmed with “hands up” [video]"
"we ll wait for nancy pelosi to call this movement exactly what it is an  astro-turf  movement. the  hate cops  and  hate white people  movement is a george soros funded
"governor kasich:  what mr trump needs to understood that the real jobs come in the downstream
"it looks like it s safe for everyone to pack up their little victim tents and head back to the dorms something stinks at the university of missouri.a reported incident of vandalism at mizzou sparked university-wide protests
"the fbi is digging deeper into the e-mails of hillary clinton: the fbi is opening up a bigger can of worms and trying to interview officials who could have been e-mailed. this is a big deal and concerns whether classified information was put out there.politico reported on the full blown investigation: the fbi around early october requested documents from a company involved in the server arrangement after clinton left state. it also interviewed a former high-ranking policy official at state about the contents of top clinton aides  emails. the official
"how many times will our lawless president plead his unconstitutional positions before our supreme court? for a constitutional lawyer
"in your face progressivism they re not even attempting to hide it anymore. i m starting to believe these radical colleges and universities are wearing their glaring hypocrisy like a badge of honor despite refusing to grant permission to the college republicans to host presidential candidate donald trump in the school s largest auditorium in september
"war on christmas update: some very clever people are asking you to join their campaign to remind starbucks and their customers that christmas is more than a red holiday!social media has seized on the year-on-year stripping of christmas-themed symbols from starbucks  famous  red cups 
 fbi and nsa members on twitter"
" so
"lois lerner s criminal behavior with the irs targeting of conservatives was just a test run here s a little reminder for anyone who doesn t believe that what the left really wants is a totalitarian state in which opposition to its agenda is a crime.new york s attorney general eric schneiderman is extreme even by left-wing standards. he s a radical who ran by promising that violent racist thug al sharpton would have an  annex  in albany if he won.now schneiderman and a few left-wing congressmembers have come up with a great idea. charge exxon with securities fraud for not  disclosing  the risks of global warming.whether on not any charges happen
states have rights too! we love the new conservative governor of kentucky! he means business and it s about time someone stood up to the bloated and over regulated epa! 
just another reason conservatives love ted cruz .share this with everyone 
 larry david (net worth $800 million) claims $5k prize for calling trump a “racist”"
 it’s donald trump: snl and trump defy protests to go on with a “yuge” show [video]"
"you won t hear this tidbit of good news about donald trump in the main stream media now that he s running for the republican nomination. the press has totally skipped over this testament to the kindness and generosity of mr. trump. here are the details of how trump helped hudson during a family tragedy in 2008:in the wake of her family tragedy
"there s so much to this effort to close gitmo that it s hard to know where to begin. first of all
"he won on a platform of reducing crime or something like that .despite being arrested on drug and murder charges
"ben carson s professional but hard hitting approach with the progressive media is a breath of fresh air. the republican party should have been taking it to the media for years. it s really kind of sad that it took this long for the men and women in our party to fight back against their leftist agenda the american people are waking up to your games  here to brilliant analysis of attacks by media of dr. ben carson
"my wife and i went into town and visited a shop.when we came out
"so who does canada believe is the actual victim is here?have you seen the cover of the new maclean s magazine? that s rinelle harper sitting down   she s the aboriginal woman who was attacked and left for dead in winnipeg.she became a symbol for racist violence against aboriginal women   though her alleged attacker was himself aboriginal.that girl on the right is amanda lindhout. she was a waitress who decided she wanted to be a war reporter in afghanistan
"so
"michelle obama received $70 million dollars from the feds for her pet project to promote eduction for girls. it s really a front and slush fund for her escapades to europe
"it s too bad the media didn t work as hard to expose the massive lies about barack hussein obama and his background during his campaign. many are calling this the end of carson s political career. compare this mostly innocuous fabrication to the fact that hillary clinton put our nation s security at risk with her personal email server. what about the incredible lie hillary told about  the controversial video  to the families of the 4 brave americans whose caskets were just unloaded off the plane from benghazi? compare this to the multiple lies that have been exposed about hillary and bill s corrupt money laundering for political favors  charity.  does anyone remember how the media circled the wagons for barack hussein obama when it was discovered he sat in the pews of a black liberation theology church for over 20 years listening to a close friend and mentor preach hate towards whites and the united states of america? what about the birth certificate
"the rejection of the keystone pipeline application is further evidence that obama intends to be more aggressive on his global warming and environmental agenda. just like everything else he does
"we can think of two candidates who have no business being on that stage. we d love to know who made this decision they ll be fewer candidates on the main stage at next week s fox business network republican debate in milwaukee as both chris christie and mike huckabee have been told to take their seats at the kids  table.that leaves just eight candidates on the main stage   including frontrunners donald trump and ben carson
this is a great take on the foreign policy of the obama administration! 
 end arrests and free health care"
"michigan s republican governor
"take action! call these 18 rino s and ask them why they voted at 1 a.m. on friday morning to give obama a no-limit credit card. let them know you ll be working to replace them in the next election! this past friday at one o clock in the morning
"how long before the media is clammering all over this construction worker to get an interview with this  hero?  yet when ben carson suggested victims faced with the same or similar situation react in the same way
"state reps forced to stand awkwardly in backgroundat one point it appears as though someone approaches the two state representatives who appear to be trapped behind the rambling
"hillary was speaking to the naacp on 10/30/15 and was promoting the obama program to  ban the box . the program bans federal employers from asking if a potential employee has a criminal record. this is supposed to give criminals a  fair shot  at employment. so hillary is jumping on this because it plays to her base
"yes this massive protest against america just happened today! thousands of iranians burned the american flag and chanted slogans wednesday as they marked the anniversary of the seizure of the u.s. embassy in tehran by militant students 36 years ago.the annual state-organized rally drew greater attention this year
"the old reliable stone most commonly used by a group of neanderthals who still adhere to a  stone-age  mentality. it s the weapon of choice for muslim migrants when a knife or machete isn t available. because stoning 4 year old boys is such a great way for these migrants to show german citizens how grateful they are for their hospitality a four-year-old boy has been hospitalised after having a stone thrown at him by a resident of a troubled german migrant centre which has seen riots and islamist violence.the young boy
"and why obama may be better off with a republican president edward klein paints a very compelling picture of what is going through narcissist barack obama s head:(if we could get a sneak peek at barack obama s secret diary
"lets hope the republicans can push back on this effort by democrats to bail out the horribly mismanaged government in puerto rico. there s also been talk of making puerto rico the 51st state giving it the opportunity to declare bankruptcy under federal code. read between the lines below and you ll know why the dems want to give statehood to puerto rico: according to a report by the congressional research service (crs)
"the people have spoken and it s clear that americans are 100% fed up! with the sanctuary city policy and illegal immigration. embattled san francisco sheriff ross mirkarimi convincingly lost his bid for re-election tuesday after spending months in the national spotlight as the face of his city s controversial  sanctuary city  policy on illegal immigration. the murder of kate steinle brought to the forefront the sanctuary city policy in san francisco. the refusal to acknowledge the illegality of this policy and the treatment of the steinle family couldn t be more shameful. our hope is that this landslide sends a message to those who have been ignoring the rule of law. our thoughts and prayers go out to the steinle family who ve suffered so much.mirkarimi
"for anyone who s not paying attention to what s happening in the middle east
 but mocks gop candidates: “they can’t handle putin if they can’t handle cnbc”"
"this news is shocking and i m glad my kids don t go to this taxpayer funded school. obama s department of education is allowing a male transgender student in palatine
" the constitution in everyday life causes people pain    wendy kozol
"let s face it
"the left is trying to push the narrative that the republican candidates are a bunch of whiners
"joe wilson was right!obviously
"earlier today
these two girls make some very good points that you re definitely not hearing in the mainstream media. they (hillary and the state dept.) can t see when someone s about to stab them in the eye until their eye is gone and it s taken out of the socket 
"just another attempt by cair to make it appear as though the ties they have to the muslim brotherhood aren t really a big deal for the first time
"soros isn t just a danger to america he s a danger to the entire world. billionaire investor george soros has confirmed he wants to bring down europe s borders
"in the real world
 like this message to michael moore [video]"
"the idea that our president would arm terrorists is so absurd that nobody would believe it right? unless of course
"maybe the  queen of incompetence  isn t as popular as she had hoped with the socialist party of america
 planning to wage jihad…mayor deblasio says “unfair”"
"say goodbye to your economy
this video pretty much sums up the republican debate last week. the best part comes at the end with a special moment from republican candidate donald trump. 
the 12 funniest halloween memes in no particular order (although #12 is our personal favorite).#1#2#3#4#5#6#7#8#9#10#11#12
 race baiting media[video]"
"by looking at the two democrat presidential candidates left standing
000 clinton e-mails but the white house refuses to release the most important ones"
"weak leadership has repercussions the european parliament on thursday called for its member countries to grant fugitive former national security agency contractor edward snowden asylum as a whistleblower and  international human rights defender. snowden
somebody needs to make sure chris matthews doesn t miss his meds before the cameras start rolling 
"the left is all about gun control unless of course
 benghazi
"holder should be making his baseless remarks from behind bars but that s another story retired attorney general eric holder pushed back on statements made last week by fbi director james comey in which comey suggested the so-called ferguson effect might be responsible for a recent rise in crime in cities around the country.in a gathering with reporters wednesday
"please help us determine who real grassroots conservatives think won the cnbc (communist news by commies) debate:// <![cdata[ (function(w
"a plea deal for this punk will really make another terrorist think twice before attacking a major subway system or harming innocent americans in the name of allah the federal government s case against suspected islamic state adherent nicholas teausant may have moved one step closer tuesday to resolution without a trial
"a fake economy can only sustain itself for so long the fed is out of control
this is a great visual to share with people who are in denial about the fundamental transformation of the soon-to-be muslim majority europistan. america is next 
"the world is being duped with their eyes wide open. in ten years from now
ted cruz takes the cnbc debate hosts to task on the idiotic questions and the political bias. great! 
"if you watch cnbc at all you know john harwood is a huge liberal political hack so why the heck is it ok for him to moderate tonight s debate? couldn t they find anyone else? look out for lots of jabs and unfair tactics focusing on the two frontrunners. it s fine to ask questions but these liberal animals will hit below the belt. watch for it  why in the world is liberal journalist john harwood moderating wednesday s republican debate? and where the heck is his conservative media partner? wednesday night s debate will be hosted by cnbc at the university of colorado in boulder
"this ass-clown reminds us of why term limits are so important. leisa and i saw rep. rangel (d-ny) up close and personal last week when we visited the capitol building as guests of rep. mike bishop (r-mi). we were shocked at some of the people who have been elected to represent our nation. 20% of the house members looked like they should be roaming the halls of a nursing home  not the halls of congress!  these people have no business making serious decisions on behalf of our country. charlie rangel is a perfect example of our assertion it s no secret that democrats can t stand the tea party
"as a side note
"this is not some small obscure community college. disallowing our law enforcement to attend a school sponsored event in favor of protecting lawbreakers is a big deal! this school with over 30
"unreal! mooch gets millions for pakistani girls? the american taxpayers should be outraged by this! let pakistan empower its own people! michelle obama has been traveling all over the world with the let girls learn initiative as her pet project. the only thing is that most of the places she s traveled to have a great track record with educating girls. it s just one big around the world vacation for mooch compliments of the american taxpayer. judicial watch s tom fitton had this to say about the trip: the obama family continues to bill the taxpayers for costly tourism jaunts thinly disguised as humanitarian crusades european vacation: mooch runs up a huge tab compliments of the taxpayers could someone please remind this woman that america is broke! as public schools around the united states suffer through a perpetual financial crisis
"donald trump took a question from a wounded warrior named todd
"the more they hammer the gop frontrunners
"does this mean republicans in the house are finally going to start standing up for the americans who elected them to be their representatives in washington dc? does this action represent the change we re all desperate to see now that boehner is vacating his seat? house republicans on tuesday introduced a resolution to impeach irs commissioner john koskinen
" our vision of the world ? where are the catholics who re against this scam? the catholic church has been hijacked by leftists who re following the one world global agenda in the name of social justice: fossil fuel is the cheapest form of energy man has these days
 like hitler’s brown shirts”[video]…flashback video: obama’s troops 2008"
"make no mistake about it america is next! german police were forced to turn water cannons on far-left  anti-fascists  staging a violent counter demonstration at an anti-islamisation rally on sunday.authorities initially tried to have the demonstration
"wasn t the point of obamacare to provide health insurance for everyone? after billions spent on a website that was unworkable and billions spent to set up exchanges across america
"he s always been in our top three. a rock solid conservative who s not afraid to fight back against the establishment on behalf of his constituents. a politician with a spine who respects our constitution. you really can t ask for much more at this critical time in our nation rush: i think that there is a dark horse in this entire thing. i think there is one candidate who is positioned here. now
"hillary clinton has some nerve claiming that the va scandal was not widespread. what does she know? she obviously doesn t know what she s talking about and has offended veterans once again   is she calling them liars? if it s the republican  right wing conspiracy  then why is this a bipartisan cause that s using facts instead of sweeping criticisms? this woman has some nerve to make this claim after dems blocked any help for our military or veterans.the va scandal that left thousands of veterans on long waiting lists for care while officials received bonuses wasn t a really bid deal according to hillary clinton. she said on msnbc that it wasn t as  widespread as it has been made out to be
"the clinton grifters were out in nyc and ready to fundraise for hillary but looks like bill didn t waste any time he s such a flirt! check out the photo below of the not so loving grasp bill has on hillary. very interesting but what s more interesting is that the efforts to make hillary  relatable  have been intense but doesn t this type of elitist event ruin all that work to make hillary just another gal? let s face it
"these leftist professors aren t just donating chump change either. the average donation from these leftist professors to hillary s campaign is a whopping $1
the lack of compassion for the families of these 4 dead americans in hillary s rush to cover her incompetence is beyond comprehension serial liar for president . 
"nothing says hollywood like supporting a serial liar who s managed to keep herself in the spotlight by clinging to the coattails of her husband
"who s laughing now  funny  guy?we asked everyone to boycott the steve jobs movie after not-so-funny guy sent this vulgar tweet directed at gop presidential contender and brilliant pediatric neurosurgeon
radical goons disrupted a florida trump rally so the crowd handled them just as they should: 
 brings mexico plant back to u.s. after trump makes this threat about outsourcing"
"if a black man is elected president in a country comprised of mostly white citizens is he still considered a  victim?  and should he spend his entire presidency trying to find ways to punish the country he was elected to represent? it s a rhetorical question of course at a white house discussion about improving the  relationship between police departments and  black americans
"hillary clinton breaks the law
"of course he s a  racist  for defending legal american citizens unlike obama
 the liberal logic of bernie sanders fans who would vote for more free stuff that taxpayers have to pay for. 
"well this is no surprise but it s still wrong. targeting conservative americans or any american should be a crime.lois lerner will not face criminal charges for targeting conservative and tea party groups during her time at the internal revenue service
"congressman paul ryan received enough support from the house freedom caucus to secure his nomination for speaker of the house as of oct. 23
"do americans even remember the worldwide violence and hate inspired by hillary s announcement that the benghazi attack was a result of an amateur anti-islam video? she was willing to throw the entire world under the bus to save her political career watch video below
"if you ve ever watched the hunger games movies you know that effie trinket is a psychotic woman who looks at murder as a game. she plays along with the hunger games and expects everyone else to just ignore the horror going on around them. she sends the young tributes out to play the game knowing all but one will be murdered.hillary clinton is our very own effie trinket playing along in a very sick game of politics and murder. wonder if she s even thinking about the families of the murdered american heroes.hillary laughs at goper s benghazi question
"love him or hate him he s shaking it up and putting the republican establishment on notice. they re will be no more business as usual if donald occupies our white house. trump actually believes he s working for us and not for corporate america or special interest groups
"the shocking truth about how close we are to becoming a one-party fascist statethis is the most brilliant and scary analysis of where we
this video will either make you laugh or make you sad. these people vote!  i like go to cnn i can tell  
"jeffrey toobin chimes in to protect hillary clinton and it is in very poor taste but mostly untrue.  the reason mr. toobin s claim is untrue is that amb. stevens asked for more security 600 times! he knew the dangers but was not putting anyone at risk   it was the state department that failed him by not adding more security!during one of the breaks in hillary clinton s testimony on benghazi
" hillary clinton is a serial liar. hillary clinton has a hard time maintaining a consistent level of truth and that was proven today and it s been proven before  i think hillary clinton should really think about resigning from ever running for any office at this point. she s incompetent.    michael ingmire
 she’s paralyzed and living in foster care"
"rep. trey gowdy
"barack hussein obama the most anti-american president to ever occupy the white house this isn t an article from the onion. obama s department of education is proposing that schools spend a week celebrating illegal aliens
"will anyone on the left even care? if she were in prison
 but political hit man sydney blumenthal did [video]"
"cnn anchor carol costello acts like she s never heard about the lying that came from hillary clinton when clinton told patricia smith that she d get to the bottom of what happened to mrs. smith s son in benghazi. was ms. costello unaware or was she playing dumb? we ll probably never know but the press has been covering for the obama administration on benghazi since day one. the cover-up is real and it s happening from the press on up to the white house. the bottom line is that mrs. smith is correct and screaming it from the rooftops as any mom would for their child. it s so shameful and sad that once again politics comes before doing the right thing with obama and clinton. both scumbags who left americans to die in benghazi  cnn newsroom host carol costello was taken aback when patricia smith revealed in conversation that she actually didn t know much about what happened to her son   despite the fact that the benghazi attack occurred three years ago. smith responded in kind
"this announcement seems to indicate that the obama regime already knows hillary is going to be walking away unscathed from the benghazi hearings tomorrow   fox news host andrea tantaros is pretty sure that vice president joe biden announced on wednesday that he will not run for president as part of an administration-wide plan to cover up the benghazi scandal.during a discussion about biden s decision not to enter the democratic presidential primary on  outnumbered
"it looks like there is more than one good reason to not elect paul ryan as the next speaker of the house. this is the best news we ve heard all week..the moderate wing of the gop is concerned that if the house cannot coalesce behind rep. paul ryan (r-wi) or someone like him as speaker
 i’m going to get shot” [video]"
"deep down
300+ emails from ambassador chris stevens 2 days before hillary’s testimony"
"who knew the middle east had a prestigious school for fake inventors who bring fake bombs to school on 9-11? clock kid  ahmed mohamed and his family announced tuesday in a news release that they will move to qatar
"do you believe the driver who hit the motorcycle guy did it on purpose?the man shown on video swerving his car into a passing motorcycle on a north texas rural road has been arrested
"the same guy who donated tens of millions of dollars to obama s campaign (the first black president) is donation tens of millions to keep the black population in check via planned parenthood. how do these evil people sleep at night? three weeks after i left my job at the clinic
"a record crowd in anderson
marine le pen tells off the two leaders who ve accepted refugees at the expense of the sovereignty of their nation. 
gowdy hammers it with those who say benghazi was politically motivated testimony is thursday so we ll see  
"bernie
”"
"new documents appear to show a pattern of deterioration of security at the state department under hillary clinton. the state department s compliance with federal cybersecurity standards was below average when clinton took over but grew worse in each year of her tenure
fournier totally hammers these two-great to see! 
this guy is crazy! the last thing americans needs is higher taxes! 
 and i’m a democrat” [video]"
"pretty interesting comment from a once skeptical fox news pundit. chris wallace interviewed donald trump and then had this to say:video: chris wallace on @realdonaldtrump:  i am beginning to believe he could be elected potus  #fns #ttt16 pic.twitter.com/m4nvea5lgv  brent baker (@brenthbaker) october 18
"the first shot against pc tyranny in virginia has been fired!earlier this year
kids should be learning the benefits of capitalism in school. it s the reason america is both the most generous and prosperous nation on earth 
"hillary
"barack obama already had secret service detail by this point in his campaign and didn t have any credible threats to substantiate it. it almost makes you wonder if obama has a hand in keeping these republican candidates unprotected almost.the secret service will give agent protection to ben carson and donald trump while heavily upgrading hillary clinton s existing detail
 i d like to suggest that there is no such thing as the left or right. there s only an up or down.  
"governor tells citizens to leave state:who the heck voted this guy in as governor? his constituents should be his first priority! if you haven t heard
"in case anyone missed it
"just start asking questions and the obama administration reverses course very interesting. the  validity of the claim  that prisoners don t like pork was called into question by sen. chuck grassley and then the quick reversal on the prison pork ban. the obama administration wouldn t be lying? haha! hummm the obama administration did a rapid u-turn on its decision to remove pork products from federal prisons after a few questions from iowa sen. chuck grassley.the federal bureau of prisons  reversal of the oct. 1 menu change comes just one week after its spokesman
"was obamacare engineered to buy the votes of hispanics? a possible vice presidential candidate for hillary clinton lets the cat out of the bag.hud secretary julian castro says  hispanics have been among the biggest beneficiaries of the affordable care act  and the reason that clinton has  strong  support in the hispanic community is because she has a  long track record of supporting the issues that hispanics  care about. appearing on msnbc s  andrea mitchell reports  thursday
"after examining the data reuters used to make their bold prediction
"the corrupt covering for the corrupt. chicago politics at its best hillary clinton could be prosecuted in federal court for failing to tell president barack obama about her private email server at the time she was running it
"thanks to ben shapiro of breitbart news
"indoctrination by disney pretty much covers every demographic: toddlers with sippy cups watching the disney channel and disney movies
"so many good people coming across our border all just looking for a better life thanks obama!an illegal alien from mexico pleaded guilty on wednesday to charges of secretly filming a woman in a walmart bathroom and he might soon be released into the u.s.
so much for the media s attempt to make donald trump out to be a woman hater ivanka trump plans on going out to campaign for her dad and after seeing this interview i think it s a great idea. ivanka trump is no paris hilton. she s a serious businesswoman who ll be a great asset to her dad s campaign. 
"event organizers are asking protesters to come out on thursday
"americans are 100% fed up! with the radical bad actors who re protesting and in your face with liberal talking points from soros. i honestly don t blame these trump supporters for pushing back on these radical protestors. if you ve ever been in the middle of this type of liberal yell fest
"we think the stop hillary pac needs to double down on their ad campaign to make sure every american sees this brilliant ad: dear hillary clinton
"this one sentence should scare every taxpaying american to death: i know we can afford it because we re gonna make the wealthy pay for it. - hrclast night s debate for the candidates running for president on the democrat side proved to be a fluff fest as if santa himself was in the room. free college
"just when you thought muslims had cornered the market on abusing gays! since you won t see this story in the mainstream media. please feel free to share it  baltimore city police arrested an aide to rep. sander m. levin
"thanks to our government
"remember when slick willy said  it depends on what the meaning of the word is is . well
"here s the fake black guy
 christina aguilera
"just imagine if jeb s campaign as much imagination and energy into researching the devastating effect that giving 25 million illegal aliens amnesty will have on america .during an appearance at a jon huntsman / the hill  no labels  event
peters is dead on in his description of obama s foreign policy failures. obama s still underestimating putin and is  chasing unicorns  with his focus on global warming over the middle east and russia.
"i ll bet most americans have no idea that we re in another huge housing bubble thanks to obama s desire for everyone to own a home. remember barney frank and his pals forcing this bubble to get bigger and bigger and then pointing the finger at republicans? well
"who knew biden is a tyrant? the author of a 2013 book revisits the first-hand experience of what joe biden is like to work for and it s not a pretty picture. basically
"liberal california governor jerry brown just signed the motor voter act allowing non-citizens to be registered to vote. is this coming to your state soon?non-citizens will now vote in at least one stategovernor jerry brown just sold out the american vote in california. he signed a new version of the motor voter act that will register every eligible california citizen who acquires a driver s license or renews a license at the department of motor vehicles to vote.this is after he made all illegal aliens eligible for diver s licenses. eleven states allow illegal aliens to get driver s licenses.in california
 but says he won’t run…watch surprisingly hard-hitting interview here"
 israeli ministers encourage citizens to carry to eliminate enemy"
"there seems to be a trend with the gop presidential candidates who are appearing at the top of the polls right now. the one thing they all seem to have in common is their willingness to stand up to the media and to their own party and demand they stop caving to the left. senator ted cruz has never disappointed when it comes to standing up to those on the left and when necessary
"the shaming of the rich should not surprise anyone coming from a whacked out college that actually offers a major in the non-belief of god. the left s attempt to redefine the core values and beliefs that make america the greatest country in the world offends us. california college denies student yacht club
"he d like to build a giant wall
 star of newly released “steve jobs” movie sends vulgar tweet: “f*ck you ben carson”"
 usa
this is hysterical! i could add a few ways to use her book:  
"wow! what s more shocking the fact that a member of the mainstream media finally crossed obama s imaginary red line or that we have a sitting president who acts like a petulant toddler when confronted with his weak leadership?60 minutes steve kroft is not letting barack hussein obama off the hook when it comes to his failed leadership in the middle east.  barry soetoro
"when you re a republican and get a ringing endorsement from radical pro-amnesty carnival barker
this precious lady waited five years to become an american citizen. she appreciates the beauty and freedom of america. she gets it! the video of her meeting trump is below. her enthusiasm is pretty awesome and very real. 
 rino kevin mccarthy makes shocking announcement"
"name one time this reckless  commander in chief  has put our men and women in uniform before the war on terror just one.on monday
"the h-1b visa program is killing jobs for native americans! it was just reported in the recent jobs numbers that native-born americans are losing jobs while immigrant employment is up. corporations like disney are bringing in foreign workers with the h-1b visa and having the american employees train the foreign worker for their job. talk about adding insult to injury! this needs to stop but washington lobbyists and the chamber of commerce really can t help themselves they love that cheap labor. the discrimination against americans is very real and it s about time the workers fought back!some u.s. it workers who have been replaced with h-1b contractors are alleging discrimination and are going to court. they are doing so in increasing numbers.there are at least seven it workers at disney who are pursuing
"roseberg residents and families of victims are speaking out against obama and are repulsed by his obvious desire to use the deaths and injuries of their loved ones to promote his leftist agenda. of course
"maybe donald would change his opinion about this important issue if his home was threatened by an overreaching government i think eminent domain for massive projects
"new bumper sticker idea:  my inmate is smarter about immigration than your harvard business school student a group of new york inmates has toppled harvard s prestigious debate team.it took place at the eastern new york correctional facility
"as hillary does her best to deflect and stonewall the release of her e-mails
 ben carson makes surprising statement about what he’d have done to or shooter [video]"
"can you believe it? the clown that can t keep his hands off of women and the faux indian socialist could be pairing up for a white house run. we really are in the age of the low information voter when these two are seriously considering running and people are seriously considering voting for them. nuts! joe biden has been making his 2016 deliberations all about his late son since august.aug. 1
"mums the word on christian persecution in the white house.  just let them get a whiff of possible injustice against a muslim in america and obama s radicalized doj is on it
"poor hillary she s clearly a victim of some right wing conspiracy. everyone knows she s just a  concerned granny on a selfless mission to help the everyday american she s on a mission to be a softer
"blacks in america are seeing the writing on the wall with the push for mass immigration to america and it s not a pretty picture. barack hussein obama
"we love these ladies! youtube sensations diamond and silk tell 100% fed up americans how to ditch the democrats and switch to the republican party.they re not afraid to show their love for trump
"republican presidential candidates were asked if they owned a gun. here s how they stacked up:a profile on each the remaining gop candidates
"the cover-ups and mistruths appear to be numerous. the question americans need to be asking is why?the oregon murderer was a black male. if you don t believe us
"what a joke! hillary decides to go on snl and make it one big campaign commercial bashing republicans and promoting herself. not one mention of the e-mail scandal! that s pretty interesting and shows she s thin-skinned and snl did everything to put her in the best light. reminds me of the palin bashing but i doubt americans are buying this unfunny attempt at bashing candidates.the front-runner for the democratic nomination appeared on the season opener of  saturday night live  as a wise bartender named val who pours a drink or two for
"this certainly isn t who the gop power-brokers want to see in the top two donald trump has boasted that he s  leading every poll and in most cases big.  not anymore. the latest ibd/tipp poll shows him in second place
"could megyn s defense of donald s wife melania
"how this woman is even trending in the polls should tell you everything you need to know about the democrat party good morning
presidential candidate donald trump gets to the heart of why obama s foreign and military policy hasn t worked. it really is the best assessment ever:  we don t fight for victory. we just keep going and going  that about sums it up and is why we re not defeating isis. 
boom! this meme says it all h/t henry payne
"are there any real men left in the democrat party? this hillary supporter cheering for gun control would be the first guy hiding under the skirt of a woman packing heat if a crisis went down and he was in harms way. criminals love gun control maybe that s why hillary s out pushing it  this hillary supporter has a hunger that only gun control can satisfy.   free beacon (@freebeacon) october 2
"sorry david your tough talk comes a little too late. britain will likely never return to her rich heritage and culture. political correctness and bleeding heart liberals can assume the blame for allowing this tragedy to happen british prime minister david cameron challenged president obama with some blunt talk on islamist extremism tuesday during a gathering of world leaders at the united nations to develop an international strategy for defeating the islamic state and other terrorist groups.well aware that mr. obama shuns the term  islamist extremists
"who s ready for hillary?among the thousands more hillary clinton s emails that have been released are ones exchanged with her top aide that may just add to the dilemma facing the 2016 democratic presidential candidate.among the latest batch are emails from her adviser sidney blumenthal.on december 6
"somebody needs to point out to this incompetent gun grabber in chief
000 man army” that “could be isis ” [video]"
"obama spoke to a lgtb group a few days ago where he expressed his  genuine concerns  regarding religious institutions but that gay rights come before religious freedom. it s obvious obama s taking a swipe at the kim davis case. the pope met with kim davis and gave her encouragement but did the pope discuss religious freedom and gay rights with obama? as soon as the pope took off for rome
"colin powell believes he s fooled us all into thinking he s a republican. nice try! we know one thing for sure
" in almost 7 years this president hasn t learned that words don t stop bullets. he is fundamentally out of touch with human reality
"here s a newsflash rand we re not looking for a guy who can win a popularity contest in washington to be our next president. we re actually looking for a candidate who is willing to stand up to politicians who ve forgotten who they came to washington dc to represent we really do love much of what rand stands for
"remember the report that came out after hillary left her position as secretary of state? there was missing money $6 billion couldn t be accounted for. how does $6 billion just vanish? it seems like this is the usual thing with the clintons. the clinton global foundation also was missing money. yes
"donald trump recently came out with his proposal for a new tax plan. every politician comes out with his own plans and proposals
"our  red line  president continues to lose relevance on the international stage
both of these guys are honest so it s good to see a refreshingly candid discussion with trump and o reilly. 
 kim davis"
"even though the muslim clock boy s attention seeking radical father won t allow the school to tell their side of the story
"if obama had a communist friend he d be this poor victim raul castro the champion of human rights and justice what a dog and pony show.cuban leader raul castro used his first speech before the united nations general assembly to lash out at the international body
"will the new 3-story islamic museum include pictures of americans jumping out of their flame engulfed offices in the twin towers to their death? will it include pictures of the thousands of americans who lost their lives on 9-11 for the crime of living in a western culture that is far from the stone age mentality of the hateful muslims who killed them?perhaps the 3-story islamic museum that will be built on the hallowed ground of the twin towers in nyc will include photos from home
what a fantastic choice!!! congressman trey gowdy would be a fantastic speaker of the house to replace john boehner. it s like night and day! gowdy is a man with loads of character! 
"i think we can all agree that america believes ann romney would have made a great first lady. she s respectable
"it s nice to see freedom of speech is alive and well in the godless party of america maybe barack and the dem s should listen to what kanye has to say. after all
wow! this is the kind of woman the republican party has needed on their team for a long time. no more mrs. nice guy carly takes off the gloves and hits back hard against this liberal dummy who doesn t even realize she s about to enter an unfair fight 
"obama had a chance to speak of the horrors going on in the middle east and to say so much more but he chose to behave like a college professor and lecture the iranians:  that path is now available to a nation like iran
"while we re so happy to hear that 3 innocent american prisoners hostages may be returned. we re just wondering who the obama regime is willing to release from prison and how 3 american hostages for 19 iranian prisoners is a fair deal? iran will work to free three americans from its prisons if the us releases jailed iranians
scott pelley is a total a@@ during this interview. don t you wish 60 minutes had been as hard on obama and hillary? it s so funny to watch trump tell the truth and see the smoke come out of pelley s ears. 
"it apparently wasn t shocking enough when the american taxpayer found out the obama regime spent $500 million to put  four or five  fighters on the ground in syria. this latest news just adds insult to injury a syrian rebel commander who recently completed a u.s. training program has told the u.s. military that he surrendered six coalition-provided trucks and ammunition to an intermediary linked to the al-qaida affiliate in syria
"18 mayors sent a letter to obama telling him that they want more syrian refugees. is your mayor on this list?remember syracuse is the city that saw a beautiful catholic church become a mosque. i m guessing the mayor wants to see more of that because the majority of the syrians to be admitted to the us through the un are sunni muslims. kind of ironic that they penned this letter when the pope was here. does he want more muslims to take over more catholic churches worldwide?clearly catholic charities and mayor miner of syracuse do!from syracuse.com:mayor stephanie miner is one of 18 mayors encouraging president barack obama to accept additional syrian refugees into the united states.miner signed a letter
"the obama regime has already set the ball in motion for  fair share housing  (or social engineering)
"lying
"in his final act of putting americans dead last
cong. louis gohmert confirms what most conservatives knew about boehner in this video. gohmert ran against boehner last year and now we know just how frustrating it must have been to work with boehner who s really a democrat at heart. he caved to every whim of obama and is partly responsible for the mess america s in right now. 
"presidential candidate and front-runner donald j. trump gave a campaign rally at the oklahoma state fair today. the event drew thousands and even included a special guest
"we love this guy! if you re on twitter and not following us #shameonyou! you can find us at: @100percfedup  if you re on twitter and not following @soopermexican you should!so we have to accept illegal immigrants because ""we were all immigrants at one time""?well
"we re gonna go out on a limb and guess that this young man s presence will only harden the resolve of most trump supporters to support his campaign lone bernie fan before trump appearance at ok state fair. tyler woodfin
"even though this #blacklivesmatter terrorist clearly calls for the killing of whites and cops in her youtube videos
"when us representative and conservative rebel justin amash (r-mi) introduced his good friend
"while donald trump says he d take the chinese president to mcdonald s
"it s no secret that the press has been after trump in a yuge (trumpspeak for huge) way. no matter what candidate you re for
"he did the same thing at obama s inauguration sounds like someone needs a trip to the confessional (and/or a psychiatrist) rep. bob brady
" stop allowing the progressives to drive god out of our land  -ben carson   values voter summitretired neurosurgeon and 2016 gop presidential candidate ben carson urged social conservatives friday to  stop allowing the progressives to drive god out of our land  and to stop letting  purveyors of division  split them up. what are our values?  mr. carson said at the 2015 values voter summit in washington
 scaling 8-foot wall"
 russians and syrians set up coordination cell in iraq"
"boehner s hightailing it out of dc just in time to push funding through for planned butcherhood without having to suffer any repercussions. boehner also manages to avoid the embarrassment of being pushed out by fellow republicans in the recent move by conservative rep. mark meadows of nc who filed a motion to  vacate the chair
"leave it to our community organizer in chief to bully nuns who ve committed their lives to helping the poor in our country over a contraception mandateif obama s rules apply to these nuns why don t they apply to the tens of millions who are living in the united states illegally?  pope francis paid a short visit to the little sisters of the poor community in washington
" welcoming a pro-life
"there s always another side that s usually being buried by the mainstream media in order to promote a leftist agenda media coverage on ahmed  bomb-clock  mohamed has been remarkably one-sided
"the elitist media is exposing its bias and dislike for republican candidate donald trump. jonah golberg and rick lowry just can t help themselves and have been going after trump since day one. lowry brought the attacks to a new low last night when he threw his journalistic integrity away by personally attacking trump. gosh
"godless heartless and without conscience .senate democrats have blocked the pain-capable unborn child protection act from moving forward in the senate.the pain-capable act needed 60 votes in order to invoke cloture
"these social justice warriors always think they know what s best for you and everyone else. social justice is socialism so perhaps the white house press is correct. it s easy to spread the wealth with other people s money pope francis and president obama have both dedicated their lives to helping the less fortunate
the result of britain s willingness to allow muslims to immigrate in massive numbers to their country is shocking. this video is a real eye opener and should be viewed by every american:
"dr. ben carson continues to be misunderstood on what he said when asked if he would be ok with a muslim president. his comments have been twisted and totally taken out of context by the left and cair. it s not prejudice to not want sharia law! hillary clinton s sidekick
"oops! hillary clinton thought her server was wiped clean but it appears as though karma has arrived on the scene. the fbi has clinton s e-mails! maybe she ll finally be held accountable for benghazi. this is going to get very interesting.the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) has successfully recovered personal and work emails from hillary clinton s private email server
"on monday s broadcast of the syndicated show  inside edition
"a big slap in the face to an overreaching government who is more worried about protecting the reputations of our tyrannical president in public than our most basic right to free speech the thomas more law center (tmlc)
"obama couldn t just endorse joe biden because like a loyal dog
what happens to europe if the refugee surge of mostly muslim men doesn t stop?france is becoming unrecognizablesweden now has  no go  zones where police won t even venture into for fear of their own safety. muslim street gangs in sweden are now fighting with hand grenades on the streets. opponents of immigration in sweden are branded as  racists.  many of sweden s residents are liberals who have aggressively outlawed traditional religion. they have replaced it with their own brand of religion with which includes and obsession with anti-racism.over 1 million migrants have arrived in germany this year:they march to austria and budapest:this video pretty much sums up the immigration crisis in europe and how demanding these refugees are once they make their way (illegally) into several countries around europe: 
 i never trusted donald trump until the media told me not to.”"
000 immigrants in tennessee anxious for citizenship so they can vote"
could you imagine if the mainstream media spent 1/100th of the amount of time defending the persecution of christians as they do defending the muslim faith?
"meanwhile the u.s. keeps funding the war in syria that drove the refugees out of their homes in the first place refugees receive a plethora of services and assistance when they reach the shores of the america
"somebody doesn t like a certain person affecting her ratings but does megyn underestimate the popularity of the  don? on friday s  the kelly file  on the fox news channel
"sanctioned domestic terrorists taking direction from our organizer in chief and funding from his billionaire marxist friend
"everything about this muslim boy s story is a lie. from the first lie that he made the clock to the lie about him being unfairly targeted by the school. but in the muslim faith
"yeah
 now admits he knew briefcase would be viewed as “suspicious” [video]"
"what a slap in the face to a strong candidate who has received little to no attention by the traditional gop pundits and rino s who run the party and manipulate the candidate s popularity dr. ben carson
"the fun s already begun at the republican leadership conference  on mackinac island in michigan.  a well known political adviser to rand paul
hmmmm .interesting ht: u.s.patriot1776 via: weasel zippers
"apparently
" after watching the debate between all the republican candidates last night
"hey barack hussein obama america is still waiting for statement about any of the recent violent murders of innocent cops. but you can t be bothered right? god forbid you address the war on law enforcement (that you started)
"it looks like we re not the only ones who are 100% fed up! with people protesting to defend lawbreakers in our country watch:wow. nasty trump supporters in iowa tear up a latino protestor s sign. rt @goodsam10 @dreamiowa pic.twitter.com/g5r6h1lle8   gabe! ort z (@tusk81) september 12
 emily blunt “dixie-chicked” herself only days before her new movie release [video]"
"if mitt romney and his former team have the energy to fight trump s nomination
the truth hurts and trump has no problem delivering the truth to the very people covering his rally in dallas yesterday. it s pretty great when trump calls out the liberal and conservative media. 
"andrew breitbart got under the skin of the left like no other. when he entered the political scene
"an obama foot soldier in his divisive war on america a missouri man who shot and killed a kentucky state trooper during a traffic stop sunday was an apparent black lives matter sympathizer who protested in the days after the shooting death of michael brown last year and attended the 18-year-old s funeral
"there is no word yet about whether or not the hispanics in question were referred to by the plaintiff as  white hispanics
"another bleeding heart progressive who s willing to welcome illegal aliens to america with open arms as long as they don t get too close to one of his luxury european fortresses hollywood actor george clooney described gop frontrunner donald trump as  idiotic  and  intolerant  during an interview at the toronto international film festival this weekend.according to us weekly
"sarah palin can hear putin s knees knocking from her front porch president obama addressed news that russian president vladimir putin was sending russian military advisers into syria to bolster the regime of syrian president bashar assad.obama explained during a town hall event with members of the military that he warned putin years ago not to support the tyrannical dictator. i remember a conversation i had with mr. putin four or five years ago where i told him that was a mistake   he did not take my warnings and as a consequence things have gotten worse
 debates
"is it a coincidence that more and more evidence keeps magically appearing in the case against hillary and the misuse of her private email account? is the timing with joe biden s (obama s puppet) entry into the presidential race and the release of more damning evidence against hillary accidental or is the chicago mob politician just getting warmed up it looks like hillary might be beaten by barack yet again the denver-based company that stored hillary clinton s private email server said that the emails might still be recoverable
"what a nut! new york s mayor deblasio gives the evil eye and stares down former mayor giuliani or criticizing him for the liberal policies that have lead to a surge of homelessness on the streets.mayor de blasio couldn t hide his feelings about nemesis rudy giuliani
baffling the worst terrorist attack in history and you d think american college students would have a clue about why we were attacked. 
trump handles this in a great way! pretty funny! 
"soooo ah
"#neverforget sean smith
"bond
"you know what they say about playing with fire here are jindal s comments about trump:here is trump s epic response to jindal s comments:// <![cdata[ (function(d
the reason the baltimore mayor gives for the huge settlement to the gray family is just insane! just listen to her state that this settlement could prevent a future riot. who is she trying to fool here? is she getting a kick back from this settlement? a much better use for the $6.4 million would be to help the businesses who lost everything in the riots because the police were told to stand down and do nothing while the city burned. 
"here s how the mainstream media spun this story:here s the truth:details about the syrian family of the three-year old boy
"you seriously can t make up this stuff state dept's new 'email czar' to deal with clinton records requests donated $2
"three more senators threw their support behind obama s iran deal to further seal a victory for the democrats. my senator just announced he s backing the deal which doesn t surprise me   he does what he s told to do. wouldn t it be nice if these goofballs had the strength to reject this deal instead of the saying it s  better than no deal at all . really? what a joke! they obviously aren t listening to the american people:less than a quarter of americans approve of nuclear agreement with irandick chaney and other foreign policy experts are warning the democrats that this deal is not a good one:  the deal with iran will have profound consequences.    dick chaneydem sen. joe manchin: iran nuclear deal endangers american securityharry reid claims victory with the iran deal: the deal president obama and other world leaders struck with iran is the  best chance  to stop the islamic republic s nuclear program
 freddie gray’s family $6.4 million"
 anti-white movement"
"this is a perfect example of how the left is able to decide which laws they follow and which laws the rest of america follows kim davis
"barack obama
"ladies and gentlemen. my name is ingrid carlqvist and i was born in sweden in 1960
"trump continues to stump the pundits. so much for conventional political wisdom for all the talk about donald trump allegedly driving minorities away from the republican party
"one thing about donald trump that s so appealing to americans is that he s not a professional politician and speaks with great honesty. the canned answers of his opponents leave the people feeling empty and uninspired. jeb bush is just one example of the snooze fest that happens when a professional politician speaks. however you feel about  teflon don 
this brave cop (and mommy) reminds us that police officers risk their lives every day without asking what color the person is they are being asked to protect and defend when they get that call from the dispatcher.  she makes a lot of great common sense remarks in this video. it s definitely worth a watch:lydia marquez has a facebook page you can find by clicking here.
real americans speak out about what s happening in america-you ll love this!  bout time! 
 fed judge says telling illegals “show us your papers” is not discriminatory"
"government officials using other people s money to enjoy a swanky seaside vacation in mexico while discussing how to take away our right to bear arms sounds about right the first annual meeting of the nations that have ratified the 2014 arms trade treaty (att) opened on monday
"another activist liberal judge who s denying first amendment rights to americans. this is very interesting information and the thing that stood out to me is the 6th circuit court of appeals reversed bunning s decision.the federal judge who held rowan county clerk kim davis in contempt and ordered her to jail for refusing to sign marriage licenses has on two occasions denied christian students in kentucky public schools their first amendment rights by ordering them to undergo re-education training promoting the homosexual lifestyle against their religious objections.in 2003
joe biden was at miami dade college speaking when he made this big mistake: 
"nukes or no nukes? this is crazy and people have no clue about any of it. wakey
"young americans for freedom at the university of tennessee
 obama has legitimate reason for not making statement about recent murders of innocent cops"
"obama has encouraged this type of behavior with his divisive rhetoric
"bryan pagliano is in hot water with this and he knows it. is water boarding an option here? seriously
"a budget meeting was cut short after the mayor s security rushed him off the stage and out of the building. the crowd was hostile and before the mayor s exit
"bravo and spot on!click on picture below to watch :a terrible deal with iran!a video posted by donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) on sep 2
"when other people s money runs out an ngo operating in venezuela has published videos of starved prisoners in the socialist nation killing
"a rookie police officer in millis who said wednesday that someone shot his cruiser before it crashed and burst into flames fabricated the story
if denied by congress it would have  profound implications  for us it would be  extraordinarily damaging . is kerry trying to say that if not for this deal with iran we would be attacked by iran? 
"here are the e-mails released last night that confirm what we all knew from way back hillary is a total elitist who has everyone do just about everything for her. it s really pitiful that we had a secretary of state who behaves this way. in addition
"summer snow is coming to alaska just in time for obama s visit! yes
"the news gets worse every day for the clinton crime syndicate breitbart news exclusive: hillary clinton s private email server was housed at the same physical location and on the same network as an email server used and operated by the clinton foundation
"barack and michelle   good riddance!columbia university president lee bollinger told students at a convocation on monday to get excited
"oops! as much as clinton likes to spin this e-mail mess like it s no big deal
this ad is spot on 
hillary shows her true colors when a female student speaking broken english accidentally refers to barack obama as  mr. clinton . her overreaction to this woman s innocent error shows what really happens when you unintentionally displease the queen of the democrat party we re doing our part to expose this video she never thought would surface. here it is: 
donald trump was in nashville this past weekend and spoke to the silent majority that he says is  sick of being the patsies . 
 fry ‘em like bacon!”"
"it looks like the gop machine over-estimated their power to hand select a candidate for the party. it turns out amnesty is not as popular to the american voter as it is to the chamber of commerce and corporate donors three top jeb bush fundraisers abruptly parted ways with his presidential campaign on friday
"this is the result of weak leadership in the white house. watch for a copycat lawsuit to be filed against florida by our new  friends  in cuba in 5 4 3 2..1 the mexican government is warning that texas  denial of birth certificates for u.s. children born here to undocumented immigrants stands to imperil the relationship between mexico and the lone star state.the concern was raised in an amicus brief filed monday evening to lend support to immigrants parents who sued texas after being denied birth certificates for their u.s.-born children
"these darn progressive cnn reporters just can t help themselves. they re so conditioned to gop candidates who roll over and allow the left to control the narrative
sarah palin interviewed the donald tonight on one america news network. here s the full video: 
 racist mooch: ” i don’t blame black people for the ignorance that comes from your mouth”"
"brilliant just brilliant remember when disney s espn punished trump for his remarks about illegal aliens and moved their annual golf outing from trump s golf course as a  punishment  for his views?do you remember when espn cut hank williams  theme song from monday night football after making an analogy to adolf hitler when talking about barack obama?remember when their own little espn barbie made international news after berating a woman in a parking garage for simply doing her job? when espn decided to give the arthur ashe  courage  award to bruce (refers to himself as  caitlyn ) jenner only months after killing an innocent woman in a car crash over a young girl who stole the hearts of america when she played college basketball with terminal cancer to inspire others to keep fighting?remember when bob costas was hailed by espn s pardon the interruption
"from the mouths of moms or something like that even barbara bush agrees with me.a video posted by donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) on aug 24
"somehow we don t think this is what the queen of the clinton crime syndicate expected at this stage of her campaign the latest q-poll numbers have dropped and there aren t really a lot of surprises in the top lines. (well  there are a couple of exceptions but we ll get to those in a minute.) what was really startling
"this is great and so wonderful to see the positive events pushing back on the obama policies. everyone knows the iran deal is a stinker but trump and cruz are the first to actually protest in a big way on it. this could be the beginning of a force to be reckoned with trump and cruz hummmwashington dc   donald trump and sen. ted cruz (r-texas) will jointly host a rally at the capitol in the coming weeks to protest the nuclear deal with iran
"what kind of leader speaks like this? it s obvious that there s lots of frustration within the rino delegation of the republican party. the heat s on these guys and they don t like it. ted cruz should feel honored to be called a  jackass  by none other than speaker of the house john boehner. speaker of the house john boehner stunned audience members wednesday evening at a colorado fundraiser by referring to republican presidential candidate ted cruz as a  jackass .at a steamboat springs event for gop rep. scott tipton
a latino radio host gave trump a nickname of  the man with the toupee  and trump was not having any of it. he was holding a rally in south carolina and invited a woman onstage to inspect his hair. too funny! 
 it’s not about you!"
 illegal immigration
" pass the popcorn and watch this explode the thought of biden jumping into the race is priceless! unreal!the potential first first gentleman is reportedly  very agitated  by the possibility vice president joe biden may challenge hillary clinton for the democratic presidential nomination.politico detailed president bill clinton s frustration with the state of his wife s campaign in a piece out wednesday:clinton s camp
a mystery man gives univision anchor jorge ramos a major tongue lashing after ramos was kicked out of the trump presser. i think that american is 100% fed up! like the rest of us. the most important part of the video is a moment that proves that trump was fair to ramos. notice how an assistant to trump comes up and says trump would be happy to take a question from ramos but he needs to be chosen for a question. the assistant then is seen taking ramos back into the presser. 
"an angry black
"the leftist mainstream media would love americans to believe trump had univision propagandist removed from the press conference. as anyone can clearly see
"katrina campins gave an excellent explanation of trump s position on immigration and the press:  as an american i feel frustrated because people are losing sight of what donald trump is trying to say. what he s saying is
"if you watched this press conference live
"the obama administration has been playing loose and free with our national security. it s been revealed over the years that several of the obama cabinet members have been keeping e-mail accounts that were not secure and were non-government. one of the common themes in the usage of a second e-mail account was to use your dog s name as the account name. in the case of secretary of state hillary clinton it was reckless abandon and wide open access:the new york post fills in the blanks on hillary:us intelligence officials so far have determined that at least four   and as many as 305   of the more than 30
"as the anarchists and local thugs sit and nod their heads in agreement everett d. mitchell is the director of community relations at the university of wisconsin-madison. he is also an attorney
"as if this presidential race couldn t get any crazier rumors abound that mitt romney might jump in and stir things up a bit. the problem is that romney failed in his strategy of being mr. nice guy and not attacking which really let obama just steamroll over him in 2012. not a good idea!colorful former trump adviser roger stone thinks 2012 republican nominee mitt romney is thinking about getting back in the presidential race. stone tweeted his suspicion
"the bad news for these bleeding heart liberals is there are even more reasonably priced pizza shop options who understand economics and reality image via lanesplitter pizza and subs facebook pageliberals love the idea of the minimum wage and a  living wage at least until it hits their bottom line.lanesplitter pizza & pub in emeryville
"when will american citizens stop being afraid to stand up and speak out against the  politically correct  thugs of the left?a new  black lives matter  textbook will soon be available to middle school and high school classrooms.according to the publisher s description
"this is so typical of the obama administration! positions of importance have been given to people who supported him during his election in some way. the fact that caroline kennedy could just go into the white house and ask for a job is ludicrous! you ll love how donald trump tells the story and the creepy laugh well
"bernie sanders can t effectively handle two loud mouthed female #blackliesmatter activists/thugs (see video below)
"good for these brave motorists! america needs to stop being afraid to speak out and stand up to this culture of hate for cops being promoted by obama
"nothing like a good dose of sheriff clarke to expose the lies of the left  after showing a clip of the confrontation between hillary clinton and some  black lives matter  representatives in which things became tense and clinton was clearly uncomfortable
"ouch! this could have been handled with honesty but they ve really got so much to cover up that it would have been nearly impossible. from benghazi to the clinton foundation  favors 
"trump s not backing down from his  in your face  style anytime soon. that s the problem with our country
this is a great interview with some very personal info on donald trump. he also discusses black lives matter at around the 17:50 mark. 
"in 1993 harry reid wrote the immigration stabilization act of 1993
 this video should be mandatory viewing"
"america s next president could be eased into office not just by tv ads or speeches
"hillary may have gotten away with lying to the public for decades
"feeling a little safer knowing how well our border fence is working to keep undesirables out? i wonder if isis members know how to climb?while bernie sanders and other leftist presidential hopefuls are focused on stealing money from hard working americans to give to entitled voters and ringing phony climate change alarms
"will this news only increase obama s desire to work harder to stoke the racial flames in america? rasmussen  poll released thursday reveals that two out of three black people prefer the term  all lives matter  to the protest slogan  black lives matter
"the left is quickly discovering that this is a very different crop of gop presidential candidates
000 plus in mobile
"so your husband turns 69 if he s bill clinton he gets heckled by a bunch of kids on the golf course and your spouse doesn t show for the celebration. karmabill clinton was heckled by kids for taking too long between shots at his golf-filled 69th birthday.the ex-president
"can she just go away and stop with the tacky commercials. what kids say  effen ? that s not even the least bit funny. i don t know about you but i m not encouraging my kids to say or think it s the least bit appropriate to say something like this. michelle obama is hoping her new ad with jimmy kimmel will encourage kids to eat their  effen  fruits and vegetables. the first lady appeared on thursday s episode of  jimmy kimmel live  to talk up her new healthy eating initiative.  i couldn t be more excited about a new campaign called fnv
"the obama family continues to rack up huge bills on transportation alone when they take the thinly veiled humanitarian vacations at the taxpayer s expense. the bill for air transportation is huge! i can only imagine what the grand total will be.michelle obama s june trip to italy and the united kingdom cost taxpayers more than $200
"hillary clinton is trying to blame the state department for her lawlessness but new information is coming out showing the destruction of evidence by two clinton aides. thank goodness for judicial watch and their effort to get to the bottom of this e-mail scandal. hillary clinton and two aides appear to have violated two national security laws by sending classified information on a private email server
"does anyone else find it strange the obama would lobby so hard to make it easy for iran to develop nuclear weapons they will likely use against us and our allies in the middle east? maybe he s not aware that we re dealing with a country who has an actual day set aside to celebrate their hate for america and israel iran s quds day: death to america
this is the definition of a clueless has-been: 
jeb! continues his free fall in the polls in spite of the all out push by the gop to make him the republican nominee for president in 2016 
pandering like crazy is what you see here. these people are so stuck and play the victim card like nobodies business watch hillary do the head bob like she s actually listening to these people: 
"this could be bad news for a number of politicians who seem to have ditched their moral compass  as they entered the washington dc cesspool thousands of clients using the affair-oriented ashley madison website listed email addresses registered to the white house
trump made sure everyone got a chance to see his interview with nbc  reporter  katy tur after he posted this telling clip from the interview on his twitter account 
spirited debate: 
" it was not very high security the it company hilary clinton chose to maintain her private email account was run from a loft apartment and its servers were housed in the bathroom closet
it s interesting that trump s candidacy has exposed so many political hacks in unlikely places. 
"hillary in prison orange kinda like an early christmas gift to america section 793 of the penal code
"this is another twist and turn in the mega scandal that is all hillary s mess. the interesting thing about this e-mail discovery is that philippe reines had been battling with reporters in march via e-mail regarding guilt or innocence in this e-mail scandal:a key member of democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton s team sent several angry emails to a group of journalists on tuesday night. the messages criticized a source for being a  lying liar  and what the aide described as a reporter s  cockamamie theory. fast forward to this new development: state department officials have uncovered thousands of emails between philippe reines
 democrats and independents"
"socialism sounds great until you realize the money government takes from you goes to whomever they choose (like family members) bernie sanders constantly says that he wants big money out of politics
hillary has to be the absolute worst dancer ever what s with the hands in the air like ya just don t care? too funny! 
"cair continues to nudge
"trump not only found a way around the iowa state fair restrictions and followed through on his plan to give kids helicopter rides in his luxury helicopter
the liberal pundits are pretty frustrated by the clinton campaign and it shows: 
"alabama senator jeff sessions has been the lone fighter in the battle against the invasion at our southern border. this is why the endorsement of trump s immigration policy is a big deal. sessions is a good man of high character who wouldn t endorse the trump plan if he didn t feel it was worthy. this is great news!the senate s leading proponent of enforcing and toughening immigration laws said late sunday that donald trump s immigration outline
"why didn t the it firm come forward before now with the backup of hillary s server? she s even more busted if the e-mails still exist. it s believed that she won t take the fall for this but that abedin or mills will. this entire mess is yet another example of why clinton is not and never will be a good choice to lead america. platte river networks
"remember the promise of a fence on our southern border? yes
"hillary s been campaigning so hard that she needs a hamptons vacation to hob nob and fundraise off of the hamptons elite. life is so hard when you re  dead broke . hillary clinton needs a vacation. the champion of everyday americans will head to the hamptons on august 21 for a two-week stay at an $18 million beachfront estate. the clintons are reportedly shelling out $100
great job! nothing to add to this  
"obama is hell bent on closing gitmo before he leaves office even if it s the wrong move. his legacy comes before what s right for all americans and he s got a couple senators really peeved. obama s latest plan is to move gitmo to south carolina and kansas. you guessed it
"yeah because everyone wants these guys living in their hometown republican sens. lindsey graham of south carolina and pat roberts of kansas are up in arms about reports that the pentagon is scouting sites in their home states to house terrorist prisoners currently detained at guantanamo bay
"there s something about these sassy ladies that makes you just makes you want to cheer for them the two ladies
"he was just looking to the jobs most americans won t do the transformation of america continues.an illegal immigrant who prosecutors said has been deported from the u.s. more than a dozen times was arraigned in yellowstone county district court thursday on drug charges.alejandro gonzales marquez
 working class” party"
 i love it!”"
"has the obama regime really sunk to a new low level? is that even possible? what do hateful racist and anti-cop messages have to do with a dangerous deal with iran?the white house is getting hammered for a tweet that was posted on thursday using a popular hip hop theme for a meme promoting obama s dangerous iran deal. the meme is fashioned after a popular movie poster for the movie  straight outta compton  about the world s most dangerous group
"you can say what you want to about trump but this is a great little instagram spot from him. it gets the point across quickly. not under my watch-a video posted by donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) on aug 13
"this is political correctness run amuck with the effort of a city councilman to change the name of a fair that s been in existence since the 50 s! the dixie classic fair is suddenly an offensive name just like the confederate flag was all of a sudden offensive. what about dixie crystals sugar or dixie cups? is it that any word that brings a negative emotion out in someone is banned for fear they may be offended?  if everyone tried to ban a word that offended them then we d have no more words left or is it just the black community that can be offended by a word? which is it?i love this billboard from the fair:winston-salem
"obama s war against america on every possible front last wednesday
"your announcement to your remaining fan base seemed very flippant and perky tonight megyn. i almost thought for a moment i was watching katie couric. hey  wait
just released hysterical video of  sarah palin  and donald trump having a phone conversation about his candidacy 
"obama s vacations have been over the top considering bush went to crawford ranch for much of his time on vacation. the list of vacations is long the figures for the martha s vineyard vacations in the past have shown the cost for air force one alone to be multiple millions:judicial watch has been great at getting the numbers: the outbound flight to martha s vineyard for the obama family august vacation cost taxpayers $890
"we should call her slick hillary after her husband s nickname of slick willy. these two grifters are just all smoke and mirrors with not one ounce of truth spoken from either of them. it s really shameful that this woman is such a crook and is the frontrunner for the dem nomination! pretty sick!hillary clinton s personal email server
"al shartpon will be traveling never mind smoke and mirrors:now the justice department s civil rights division
" the left believes they are winning this war. radical organizations funded by george soros and other radical leftists are paying protesters to join anarchists in the war against america. this is a must watch debate with two conservative men who are unafraid to take on one of the mouthpieces of the left and call them out on their agenda.steve malzberg from newsmax tv and nomiki konst
"why is no one asking the bigger question about why
this is why trump is getting the great numbers and large crowds. he s being the anti-candidate and saying what s on his mind instead of scripted answers like the other candidates. it s real refreshing. he s commenting on what happened when the black lives matter thugs ran bernie sanders off of a stage during a rally. trump couldn t be more on target with his remarks. 
"i appears that hillary clinton is really in a big mess with this e-mail scandal. she could have just turned the server over and dealt with this at the beginning but she s made this into a huge mess. her trustworthiness is about as low as it gets as her opponent gains points in the polls. shades of 2008 with barack obama? hillary clinton relented tuesday to months of demands she relinquish the personal email server she used while secretary of state
 i would ‘model the kind of behavior’ i’d hope all americans would have"
" a bunch of thugs
 but so are rubio and the rest”"
mark dice rolls out another gem that displays just how gullible the voters are. here ya go: 
"so
"just so we have this straight a somali cab driver had already repeatedly threatened to decapitate police officers earlier in the year
"we re thinking trump shouldn t give the ratings to megyn kelly. here is our suggestion in a tweet to donald:@realdonaldtrump if you agree to interview w/ @megynkelly give huge ratings to someone you don't offend like @seanhannity or @oreillyfactor  100% fed up! (@100percfedup) august 10
 lies about treatment by cop…uncovered dash cam shows truth [video]"
 beats him with it and takes photos: obama/sharpton #fckdapolice crowd cheer on social media"
"it s time to stop hitting the snooze button america! this crisis is no longer on our doorstep it s here. the democrats
 boobs and sex [audio]"
"every gop presidential candidate is racing to align themselves with reagan. is it possible they just don t really understand why america loved reagan? maybe it s just as simple as the fact that he genuinely loved america and was passionate about fixing what had been broken by the previous feckless administration. there are a few candidates in the gop field who we believe truly love their country and have the same convictions and objectives as trump. the question is
"so you mean they didn t have to burn the city down?attorneys for the six police officers charged in freddie gray s death say prosecutors steered investigators away from allegations about gray s behavior in past interactions with law enforcement.the attorneys claim detectives were told gray had a history of participating in  crash-for-cash  schemes in which people hurt themselves to collect settlements   a piece of information attorneys say would be useful for their case.gray died on april 19
"the lgbt mafia and pc police doing what they do best shaming americans and businesses into conformity. does anyone have the courage or fortitude to fight back
"schumer asked the president not to mention his decision publicly until he could make a formal announcement on friday.if that s how obama treats his closest friends who refuse to align with his reckless iran deal
" i know you ll miss me.  did he really say that?president barack obama has returned to his favorite summer vacation spot of choice
 lt. gov and immigration experts fight back against fed’s attempt to make texas a sanctuary state"
"we re still wondering how carly fiorina was relegated to the  happy hour  debate while gov. kasich (and a few others we won t mention) were standing on the stage during the prime time debate republican presidential candidate carly fiorina shut down msnbc host chris matthews thursday over her criticism of democratic frontrunner hillary clinton during the first gop debate.matthews took issue with fiorina calling clinton a liar in her closing statement
"thoughts on the first gop presidential primary debate by patty of 100% fed up!there are a lot of fox news fans who have been clinging to fox for their  fair and balanced  news like a beacon of light in a storm since 9-11. i know i found myself scratching my head over the behavior of fox news hosts
"the washington post is of course
"the takeaway from the first debate is that the fox news moderators tried to pose gotcha questions and should have asked more substantive questions about the issues facing america. it was disappointing to watch megyn kelly and chris wallace attack certain candidates and play favorites to others (rino s). if we didn t know better
" i m the only one to separate siamese twins. the only one to operate on babies while they were still in their mother s womb. the only one to take out half of a brain
"a rookie dr. ben carson: i haven t said anything about me being the only one to do anything. i m the only one to separate siamese twins. the only one to operate on a babies while still in a mother s womb. i m the only one to take out half a brain
this was a very awkward moment but the best part is when rand paul calls out christie for hugging obama: 
 
megyn kelly asked a very odd question tonight during the gop debate. i don t think she was expecting this answer. lol! trump is certainly making this debate very interesting. 
"well
"newly released financial disclosures reveal bill clinton received $16.46 million in payments from a george soros-backed for-profit education company
" twenty years ago when
"hillary has a history of pulling out the pandering southern accent when in the south. i m from the south and find this so offensive as i m sure many others do. southerners can smell a phony a mile away. hillary clinton sat down for a  chair chat  with the chairman of the democratic party of south carolina. during the interview
"cj is tired of watching barack obama divide our nation says it s time to hire a  uniter. black teen conservative political activist and internet sensation cj pearson
 you don t know what s gonna come at you all of this has nothing to do with being a great president.  
"no wonder america loves this guy so much. it s been a long time since we had a leader who made his enemies look like amateurs after gawker
"the good news is the clinton crime syndicate is finally starting to come apart at the seams. the bad news is socialist bernie sanders is gaining steam
"is rand trying to separate himself from the crowded pack of gop presidential contenders by ratcheting up the anti-war rhetoric that gained so much attention for his dad? as the first gop presidential debate approaches
"is there really any point to go through the work and expense to become an american citizen anymore?huntington park may become the first city in california to appoint two undocumented immigrants as commissioners on city advisory boards
the hillary clinton supporters are the definition of a liv this is just pitiful! 
the answers to questions about donald trump by a room full of mostly democrats and independent nh voters leave these leftist msnbc hosts in shock 
"a transcript from the friday
"there used to be a difference. of all people
"judge william h. orrick
"it s pretty common knowledge there is no love lost between valerie jarrett and the clinton crime syndicate. it s also pretty common knowledge who s calling the shots at the white house. if valerie doesn t want hillary to be coronated as the next democratic presidential candidate
i listened to this interview and it really reinforces my belief that trump s heart is in the right place. i especially love his comment on our vets. he s passionate about making america great again and it shows! 
 mcconnell
"sorry tiger
"so much outrage by so many corrupt people it s hard to keep track.  one thing we know for sure no matter where you are in the world
dr. ben carson is one of the best at putting a difficult topic into simple terms. patty and i were lucky enough to hear dr. carson speak in detroit. he s a brilliant man with a very interesting story. here s his take on planned parenthood that i think says it all: 
”like a really dark unpleasant death toast”"
"if the title of this book was  white skin privilege  you would likely find it in just about every college campus library or school book store. conversely
she s really good at this! this should disqualify her for the nomination don t candidates need to be vetted? 
"desperation has set in and planned parenthood is resorting to messy stunts that try and make anti-abortion groups look bad. i just don t think these ghouls realize that no matter what they do
"it s all about hillary and bill in their world. it s also about how much they can skim off the top or gain monetarily in the political world. just a couple of grifters hillary clinton s greatest strength
"the good news is
"david daleiden:  we probably have hundreds to even thousands of hours of total video tape from over the past two and a half years. of the really
stereotype much? wow! this entire statement is misleading and racist because jeb bush wants to paint with broad strokes the picture of just how great it will be to flood america with lots of  fertile  illegals. he then goes on to say that america will  decline  if we don t do this  
"career criminals professional grifters the ultimate democrat politicians voters in illinois and michigan witnessed the nastiest moments thus far of the democratic presidential campaign sunday night when former california gov. jerry brown accused arkansas gov. bill clinton and his wife
"maybe florida isn t as pro-amnesty as jeb bush and marco rubio had hoped. that s gonna leave a mark for the first time this year
"wait! i thought she was  dead broke  and just like the everyday american? it seems that the clintons have a thing with costly hair cuts. remember  hairgate  with bill clinton? yes
"any guesses as to who is playing our criminal secretary of state or our lying  commander in chief? the movie
"bush spoke to a hispanic audience in central florida and pandered pretty heavily to the audience. the audio is pretty raw in places but well worth the listen. bush claimed (23 minute mark) that encouraging self deportation is  not an american value . people that come to america illegally broke the law so is he saying he wouldn t follow the rule of law? he also at the 16:00 mark speaks about making puerto rico a state which is also something obama wanted. america is 100% fed up! with more of the same former florida gov. jeb bush told a hispanic audience on monday that illegal aliens must be given u.s. citizenship
"hmmm ever wonder why the left fears trump so much? the daily beast s tim mak and brandon zadrozny woke up on tuesday to find that cnn completely embarrassed them. after publishing a more-than-1
unreal! is he that out of it? it would appear so  
"funny how boehner gets so choked up over the little things
this is a little racy but pretty funny. 
 and if i ran for a third term
 “burn everything down” in large activist meeting
"who knew the radical leftist #blacklivesmatter activists had a co-founder?who knew the only political party with a black presidential candidate would be the target of the radical black left?cullors was asked by guest co-host janet mock what her plan was for republican candidates
"justice the obama way instead of investigating whether planned parenthood illegally trafficked baby body parts
"the fundamental transformation of america el salvador is the top country of birth for immigrants to virginia.  indeed
"remember this?  if they bring a knife to the fight
" i come too faaaar    does this pander come with a fake black accent? over the weekend
amazing! ted cruz does a beautiful job of getting code pink to zip it! 
 you know… barack ‘works all the time
is he smoking something? he chuckles as he says this knowing it will upset many americans. 
" america is facing an enemy
"the leftist propaganda press is finally getting what they ve had coming to them for a l-o-n-g time on tuesday the des moines register
"dining and dancing giving kenya one billion dollars to boost young entrepreneurs in africa his agenda in kenya was focused on economic development
bernie sanders is a self described socialist not an independent  but a socialist. he believes in the socialist state. check out venezuela and tell me you still want this:  via: liveleak
"once again
this guy is just priceless you have to give him credit for his honesty and boldness. 
"even though he s a rino this is a shocker! in june
 iran’s ayatollah tweets picture of barack with gun to his head"
"mccain s war hero status is not in question with the american voter
"ordinary citizens (many of them are proud veterans) are filling a breach left by our federal government us navy veteran tim keown has been standing guard outside a recruitment center in kentucky for a week now.tim made the decision to guard the local recruitment center after an islamic terrorist murdered five servicemen in chattanooga last week. keown also helped organize other armed guards at recruitment centers across the country.citizen guards protect a recruitment office after the chattanooga terrorist attack.the pentagon released a statement on friday asking citizens not to stand guard at the unprotected recruiting offices. but the pentagon has no plans on changing policy that forbids servicemen and women from carrying weapons at the centers. evidently
"the gop doesn t know it yet
"as obama pushes to close gitmo
willie s support should come as no surprise to fans of duck dynasty. he s a business man who doesn t mince words or worry about what others think sound familiar?
"besides being a muslim terrorist sympathizer
" no
potentially classified e-mails? 
hillary pandering to the black lives matter crowd is just embarrassing! a black guy with a hoodie makes white people afraid? get a grip! americans are so done with the divisive rhetoric coming from people like clinton. 
"outgoing army chief of staff gen. ray odierno also said the rise of isis could have been stopped if obama didn t pull out troops from iraqodierno said in an interview with fox news published wednesday that it s very hard to watch iraq implode at the hands of isis after the gains that were made during the iraq war. it s frustrating to watch it
trump says the border patrol is  petrified : 
"as barack hussein obama tours around the country trying to convince the low information voter that the lopsided and dangerous deal he and john kerry cut with iran is somehow beneficial to the united states of america he may want to consider the states can shut down his deal if they so choose to act.the obama administration has sent the iran nuclear deal to congress for a 60-day review provided by the corker bill. however
"who exactly will gray and burguiere of glenn beck s blaze see fit to cover? will they double down on lindsey graham? maybe they plan to focus more on jeb bush? no more trump?glenn beck s program with pat gray and stu burguiere is taking huffpost s stance on donald trump a giant step further   they re going to pretend he doesn t exist. it s the glenn beck program with pat & stu
ready to take america back! 
"does anyone actually believe it s possible that barack hussein obama is the only person in america (with maybe the exception of valerie jarrett) who doesn t see this is a horrible
 and the people don’t trust the media”"
"after donald trump gave out lindsey graham s cell phone number during a speech
"however you feel about trump as a candidate for president
"obama s ice director sarah saldana is not the only one determined to help obama fundamentally transform america. in 2013
"the global warming hucksterism in the obama administration has been going on since the beginning. the former epa director was big on the environmental justice for minorities. it s a made up term just like environmental racism. i can t tell you just how important it is for americans to pay attention and follow the money on this. here s a video from the last epa director that s full of pretty alarming lingo and propaganda:  it [climate change] is an issue of justice
"this news comes on the heels of obama s  release the drug offenders in prisons  tour. all part of the fundamental transformation of america president barack obama s gutting of enforcement of immigration laws claimed another life
"why should armed civilians have to protect and defend our us military recruitment centers? muslim terrorists have made it clear that they intend to target these brave men and women who defend our nation. is it really too much to ask that we allow them to defend themselves?civilians
"way to go granny! perfect timing for your announcement with the discovery of the planned parenthood s aborted baby parts business in the headlines yesterday
can anyone be at all serious about a presidential candidate who believes this? 
"it s about time! did obama order the flags lowered because boehner put pressure on him or could it be that obama ordered the flags lowered because he s speaking to the vfw today?in other instances like the ft. hood terror attack
"no conflict of interest here! only the most pro-abortion president in the history of the united states would have an  expert  who butchers babies for a living being paid by the american taxpayer to advise on healthy baby births  deborah nucatola the planned parenthood doc with the stone-cold heart and the lucrative skill of  crushing  babies in just the right spot has been advising the obama administration on family planning policy since 2010.from april 2010 through april 2014
 forced to apologize for saying “all lives matter”"
"the fundamental transformation of america continues . but one photo emerges that defies barack and michelle obama s hateful and divisive narrative.in the latest chapter of the outcry over the confederate flag issue in south carolina
i ve had it! 
"what a bunch of unbelievable traitors we have in this white house kerry can t be that naive or dumb to iran s evil. the more he opens his mouth
"just confirming what anyone paying attention already knew. the huffington post isn t interested in reporting the news they re strictly serving as a propaganda arm of the progressive left earlier this month
"die-hard amnesty for illegal aliens cheerleader rep. luis gutierrez: every time a little thing like this happens
"dr. carson points out the false narrative of the left s argument
"first things first the following statement is the first to come out of the white house. it was emailed out and makes no reference to today s terror attack.see below statement: michelle and i would like to extend our warmest wishes to muslims in the united states and around the world celebrating eid-ul-fitr. as muslims mark the end of the month
"what would a speech from a modern democrat be if they didn t include the lgbt crowd and embrace illegal aliens? it s almost as if they were trying to divide our nation in order to gain votes.??the mayor of kansas city
"don t turn off your paid internet service quite yet. if you have a job and contribute to our tax base
" well first of all
"nothing says tolerance like putting a loaded gun to a strangers head because you disagree with the flag they re holding a family was threatened at gunpoint for waving the confederate flag on their own private property in another illustration of how controversy surrounding the flag is only driving more animosity.the incident occurred on monday night in moseley
"being called out for his utter incompetence as a leader by the press is not something obama is used to cbs news s major garrett asked president obama at a press conference wednesday if he was  content  with four americans held in iranian jails while his administration celebrated the nuclear deal.  can you tell the country
"yesterday we told you about the company who buys aborted baby organs from planned parenthood. many of our readers were in disbelief and demanded proof that stemexpress was an actual company that sold baby parts online. here is the undercover video that exposed planned butcherhood: here is your proof: stemexpress
"the consequences of a failure to control immigration in america a foreign-born alien who sought help with his immigration papers has been arrested for the alleged brutal beating and rape of the woman who was helping him. zenen alvarez-alguezabal
"i m a mom who grew up in romeo
 dad fired for criminal activity"
 liver
 tough talk from washington does not solve problems  says our thug in chief as he threatens congress not to cross him on this dangerous iran deal here is why fox news  britt hume says obama doesn t need to sell this iran deal to congress:
"like a spoiled child on a spending spree with no parental guidance
"i know patty and i are boycotting macy s for dumping donald trump. it looks like thousands of americans are also really sick and tired of all the pc actions taken by companies like macy s. boycott macy s!macy s is paying the price for sacking donald trump
"kate steinle is the  wrong race
"it s not just trump who s exposing the truth about the hundreds of thousands of muslims being sent to our country where they have no intention of assimilating. expert ann corcoran tells us the truth about why our state dept. is bringing mostly muslims over here in video below. over the past several years syrian christians have been desperately trying to smuggle themselves out of syria as isis tells them to convert or die.the obama white house sa far has ignored their desperate plight.it is also widely known that barack obama has been absent as thousands of iraqi and syria minority populations have been persecuted and slaughtered by isis.today in las vegas donald trump attacked the obama administration s policies that have allowed thousands of syrian muslims in the country while christians from syria suffer. you re worried donald may not have his facts straight on this issue
"it s not just the our open southern borders we need to be concerned about. it s our state department who seems to be hell-bent on populating our states with refugees from mostly muslim nations in africa and the middle east.this is one of those feel-good stories about how minnesota is such a wonderful state with its ever-expanding african migrant population. if you are a minnesotan it s probably a good thing to read.however
"another turn left for the hillster so no school choice and no teacher accountability. would you vote for someone who favors the union over your kids? so much for liberating poor kids from failing schools while the media chase the bernie sanders rallies
"wow! the list just keeps getting longer and longer! we can all find something to be offended by but should we ban all those things? i doubt anyone really gives any consideration to the history of the flour de lis as it is used in many different ways. our history is just that so let it be and move forward already!the fleur de lis
it is under the obama administration that the hacking of 22 million has happened so it is his administration s responsibility to protect american citizens. i agree 100%! 
there s something about a politician who s not a professional politician that s so refreshing. 
"as a poll challenger who has witnessed unbelievable blatant voter fraud by democrats
" they shot him in the head with a  45. they found out from the coroner that he was on his back (like this)with his hands  up and they shot him through his hands and through his head. now that s the original  hands up don t shoot
"counterfeiting is illegal by the way and shouldn t be rewarded with american citizenship this could be the story of an american dream. an immigrant family builds a successful business and buys a four-bedroom house in a quiet neighborhood with good schools for their young son. but not all is as it seems on the steep
"an arkansas woman who went to pick up the class ring she ordered from walmart left disappointed
"miss him yet?here s an up-close look at a quality-of-life offense the city council wants to decriminalize.this urinating vagrant turned a busy stretch of broadway into his own private bathroom yesterday   an offense that would result in a mere summons if council speaker melissa mark-viverito and her pals get their way.wrapped in rags and a mets blanket the hobo wandered into traffic at around 10:30 a.m. and relieved himself as cabs
great press conference with trump! he makes so much sense and is hitting on the right points. it s about time! 
"fox news host megyn kelly shut down a liberal guest in a blistering thursday night exchange about president barack obama s silence on the senseless killing of kate steinle at a san francisco tourist area.kelly observed that the president was only too willing to speak out on the trayvon martin
"graham was on cnn today and had this to say about trump: he said something that has brought people who are frustrated about the immigration stem to life
"the faa is getting petty and vindictive the agency said thursday it intends to rename three navigation points near palm beach international airport in florida that currently are named for the billionaire and republican presidential candidate.it s fairly common for the faa to name such points
"the cleansing of our history continues what the heck is wrong with the city of memphis???late tuesday
"the gop leadership may want to rethink their position on amnesty for illegals. american citizens (yes
"to watch a black comedian with a net worth of $70 million in a country with a majority white population whine about his victimhood is just pathetic. and for anyone who thinks it s okay for rock to spew this kind of hatred for whites in a video because he s a  comedian
 kid rock into ditching confederate flag [video]"
"i forgot about the claim from hillary clinton that she had actually talked to eleanor roosevelt. crazy! nobody tells stories like this better than rush limbaugh transcript from rush limbaugh: it appears in page six of the new york post
"this is just too much! protesting the flag that they don t even know has 13 stars unreal!house democrats referenced the wrong confederate flag thursday during a debate over the controversial symbol.a photo from floor debates shows a confederate flag with 17 stars
"america better wake up and realize we are quickly becoming victims of leftist bullies and their desire to destroy our right to free speech celebrity chef jose andres is backing out of a deal to put his new flagship restaurant inside the new trump international hotel in washington dc after republican presidential candidate donald trump caused a media firestorm with his recent comments about illegal immigration.in a statement
 but ventura county sheriff disagrees"
"cj pearson
"what the heck! what s happened to the southern leaders? confederate flags should be placed on the graves of civil war soldiers. this is way over the top and a knee-jerk reaction to the shooting in charleston
"it s interesting how many of these celebrities who hate america and american citizens have no problem taking their money pop star ariana grande said her words were taken out of context when she was caught on camera saying she  hates america. a video of grande slamming the u.s. was posted by tmz on tuesday. the video shows the singer licking a doughnut at a california doughnut shop when she thought no one was looking. when an employee brought out a tray of oversized doughnuts
"yeah you know the obama regime is serious about taking down isis when they send in 60 syrian rebels and leave them unprotected against the assad regime.  sen. john mccain (r-ariz.) went straight for the jugular in questioning defense secretary ash carter at a tuesday senate hearing on the obama administration s strategy against the islamic state in iraq and syria.mccain criticized president obama s comments at the pentagon on monday citing recent progress against isis as delusional
"since when did future democrat voters take precedent over enforcing the law? family members suspect jealousy may have led to the gruesome slayings of an othello teen and her 3-year-old son found shot and severely burned in a remote part of franklin county.maria g. cruiz-calvillo
"just another interesting discovery in a story that has already exposed a very corrupt government that favors illegal aliens over american citizens the gun used in the seemingly random slaying of a woman on a san francisco pier belonged to a federal agent
"i laughed out loud when i saw this. it could be today. have the clintons not learned that the optics on this are just bad
i m shocked! i thought these two were buddies and this would be a fluff interview. not so much! ouch! 
"so much for the us refusing to work with countries who are guilty of some of the worst human rights violations in the world from human rights watch: vietnam s human rights record remains dire in all key areas. a one-party communist state suppresses virtually all forms of political dissent
"wow maybe they could include a place where the  mothers  could pose with their dead babies a photo gallery of sorts women all over the world have opened up on the still relatively taboo subject of abortion on secret-sharing app whisper.finding relief in the anonymity aspect of the app
"about 62 percent of americans say they won t be taking a vacation this summer at all. out of that
"so much for that whole  dead broke  nonsense hillary clinton has vowed to be a champion for  everyday americans. the former secretary of state who once described herself and husband bill clinton as  dead broke kicked off her campaign on june 13 and in her 45-minute speech on new york city s roosevelt island
"disney s just doing their part to advance a radical leftist agenda by punishing conservatives and anyone who dares to challenge their views espn has become the latest corporate entity jump on the pig-pile on donald trump.following moves by macy s
 ya know"
 if local law enforcement begins to act like immigration officers what that means is that you will have people not reporting crimes. you will have people hiding from the police. and i think that is a real direct threat to the personal safety and security of all the citizens.  -hillary clinton s reasoning for a sanctuary city 


"because we don t have enough crime in our country already we need to import it from mexico and south america.to hell with america it s all about the votes the man suspected of gunning down a young woman at random at a popular san francisco tourist spot on wednesday has been  deported to mexico several times
"update on the redskins battle with the feds:alexandria
 bernie sanders in primary"
"well
"i guess we re not the only ones who are 100% fed up with our marxist president following the influx of illegal immigrant minors from central america
" mrs. clinton provided material assistance to terrorists and lied to congress in a venue where the law required her to be truthful.    judge napolitanoin the course of my work
 but kids with cancer…not so much"
" after we win this election
"because according to the left
"americans need to put american citizens first and dump macy s. macy s has a customer service department phone number that should be ringing off the hook with americans who love their country and are sick and tired of the left bullying us into submission. tell them it s time to put american citizens first and you appreciate donald trump standing up for legal immigration: 1 (800) 289-6229  i ll be canceling my macy s credit card today. macy s just lost its  magic #makeamericagreatagain .dump macy s!real-estate mogul and gop presidential candidate donald trump called for a boycott of macy s on wednesday after the retail company said it would drop trump s products. earlier in the day
"obama must have added this to the deal so he can move to close gitmo. he s just itching to release more terrorists and close gitmo because it s clear his legacy is more important than the safety and security of americans. as president obama announced that cuba was restoring full diplomatic relations
does this president know american history or does he just make it up? who writes this bs for him? whoever it is needs to be canned! brazil was a dictatorship and under military rule until 1985!could someone pass along the wikipedia info on brazil to obama? 
"no word on when soros will be put on trial for paying protestors to riot or when al sharpton will be charged with inciting the riots with his inflammatory racist rhetoric (all comments in italics are opinions of 100% fed up!)according to a report  from the u.s. department of justice
"are there any coincidences in the quid pro quo world of obama s chicago style politics?  here s the link story we posted about chobani and their naked lesbian ad. the video of their ad can be seen below:new york yogurt manufacturer chobani just landed a massive u.s. department of agriculture contract for school lunches after years of lobbying lawmakers and president obama on its products.the upstate-new york greek yogurt maker will be distributing its products to schools nationwide next year as a usda-approved meat substitute for school lunches
000 for appearance after university turned down hillary’s fee of $275
"gay pride? tolerance is a one-way street for those on the left two street preachers were brutally beaten   punched and kicked   by a crowd at a gay pride festival in seattle and the entire melee was captured on video.the preachers were holding signs reading  repent or else  and  jesus saves from sin.  the video shows a group of people initially screaming and threatening the men during pridefest at the seattle space needle.television station komo reported that some of the attackers belonged to a group called noh8a group of women tried to steal their signs but were unsuccessful. the video then shows a group of men grabbing onto one of the preacher s signs and dragging him to the ground. at some point he was punched in the back of the head a number of times while others can be seen kicking the man.another preacher was sucker punched in the back of the head.police arrested two suspects   one of whom has a long rap sheet.it s not the first time christians have been attacked by pro-gay activists.last august a gunman opened fire inside the headquarters of the family research council in washington
"a defender of the confederate flag who says the flag is not about race says: i m gonna tell you one thing
"the children were greeted at the capitol steps in the communist state of wisconsin by protestors singing hate songs with signs that read: republicans and walker rape or molest women and girls.appleton
"it s too early to endorse hillary? what s al gore waiting for? it s clear that hillary is the anointed one for the democrats so why would he wait and who would he be waiting for if not hrc?al gore declined to back hillary clinton for president when asked who he thinks would be next in the white house.when questioned by wpp founder sir martin sorrell at the cannes lions festival of creativity about whom he would back for 2016
 once you don’t give a damn…no one can stop you” [video]"
"well
"mexicans have been given a green light by obama and his regime to enter our country. why shouldn t the drug cartels capitalize on their expansive underground highways?  thanks to obama s open borders and lenient policy on illegal aliens
"it s actually quite refreshing to see someone on the right who is unafraid to take off the gloves. his message to those who support amnesty is pretty clear and he s not backing down to political pressure from the left. firing back at univision for its refusal to air his miss usa and miss universe pageants
"george soros is sticking his nose into voter id laws and throwing money into lawsuits in several states to get the law overturned. is this a true effort to overturn the laws or just an effort to gin the base up to vote? there s absolutely nothing wrong with having voter id! soros needs to slither away .hillary clinton s top campaign lawyer is behind a multi-state push challenging voter identification laws implemented in recent years
"hillary got a bit of a surprise while leaving a campaign stop in st. louis this week. who wiped the blood off your hands hillary? was it the same people who wiped your servers? how many cell phones do you have today hillary?  at the end of the video
"of course
"america s  first black president  continues to destroy employment opportunities for the black community we ve got a bad guy in the family
"when it comes to limiting our free speech
"this is insane! obama uses a gas guzzling plane to fly to florida to bash republicans about global warming? the hypocrisy isn t lost on anyone here. thanks to judicial watch for always being the one giving us the cold hard truth about the over-the-top spending with this administration. note the total cost of since 2009 at the bottom of the article. president obama s earth day air force one flights cost taxpayers with more than $800
"former democrat congressman ben jones (1989 to 1993) who played the character  cooter  on the 1970s tv series  the dukes of hazzard  posted a message on facebook defending the confederate flag. jones now operates a museum and sells merchandise connected with the show
"it s painful to watch the stupidity and irresponsibility of the democrats who run the city of chicago along with chicago teachers union president
"while i m not a huge o reilly fan
"where s the outcry from the left about the mistreatment and relentless badgering of black conservative gop presidential candidate
"i m sure the apple doesn t fall far from the tree in this case. many of us have known about the father-in-law but this digs deeper into valerie jarrett s own family. federal bureau of investigation (fbi) files obtained by judicial watch reveal that the dad
"one more republican doing his part to aid obama in his fundamental transformation of america sen. marco rubio (r-fl) cast the deciding vote for obamatrade on tuesday as it squeeked through the u.s. senate 60-37
how unqualified and out of touch is he? i m wondering if brian williams would ve been better off fired rather than join this cast of characters. 
"remember joni ernst? conservatives were so excited to see her win a senate seat in iowa. you may be surprised to see who this  patriot  supported with her vote(below).bipartisan congressional trade priorities and accountability act of 2015senate vote 218   advances trade promotion authorityresult: cloture motion agreed to by a margin of 0 votes date of vote: june 23
" as americans we insist that no one should be targeted because of who they are
"the author of  clinton cash  responds to hillary clinton s brazen dishonesty. who does she think she s fooling   is she lying or just very incompetent? i think it s brazen dishonesty.  i was not personally involved because that wasn t something the secretary of state did
"america deserves so much better and should get early serious about our next president. obama has been so undignified throughout his presidency and unserious on so many occasions. we don t need a nice guy or a funny guy for our next president. we need a serious man who is selfless in his desire to put america back on track. i couldn t think of a better way to spell it out than this awesome piece from white house dossier that says what we ve all been thinking. i know i m 100% fed up! with a president who s a partier and not a patriot.i wonder what would happen if nine people were murdered in a church and a republican president jetted out to the west coast for four days of fundraising and golf. surely
 barack obama
"the producers vs. the looters the man honeymooned in a communist country. he even wrote a paper about how woman fantasize about being gang raped. combine all of that with the fact that he subscribes to the disturbing belief of socialism and a reasonable person might believe it would all add up to a failed presidential campaign. in the america of the past that would undoubtedly be the case. but in the progressive hell the united states has now become a candidate with those credentials just seems to draw an ever larger crowd of supporters.politicus usa reports that socialist presidential candidate
"why would anyone want to risk their lives while serving their community as a cop in this hostile
"why does fox news even give this guy a microphone? he lost his relevance about a decade ago
"all the progress that s been made with race relations in america since the civil rights era has been ignored by so many angry blacks who ve bought into the carefully orchestrated obama
"the epa continues to push for more and more restrictions on emissions. the obama agenda continues and is bolstered by the pope s call for action on the global warming scam. anyone with half a brain can see through this political agenda and knows it has nothing to do with any truth about climate. crazy times!the obama administration on friday proposed tougher mileage standards for medium and heavy-duty trucks
"this video shows what happens when a large population of muslim immigrants refuse to assimilate with the culture of residents living in the country where they have immigrated. instead
"just when you thought the 2014 election results would provide america with some checks and balances u.s. lawmakers narrowly approved legislation key to securing a hallmark pacific trade deal on thursday
"this reminds us of the list of demands that were made by the american prisoners in mexico oh wait never mind the border has been a hot topic in this country
"of course
"we re living in such  historic  times i can barely take all the diversity and equality help us to choose the woman the obama regime will select to replace alexander hamilton on the $10 bill (below). the treasury department is preparing to announce that they are putting a woman on the $10 bill
"aren t the kids already suffering enough by being forced to eat mooch s slop for lunch? isn t it always  all about the kids  for the unions and dem s? when the washington d.c. city council pleaded for $110
"do you know who this is? he is edward  ed  mezvinsky
"if the murderer was arguing in defense of a republican would the media be working so hard to keep her political persuasion private?  in a dramatic and colorful case with strong political overtones
 great wall on our southern border and make mexico pay for it”"
"a different set of laws apply to illegals in fact
"karl rove is suggesting hillary suffered brain damage following her blood clot.on sunday
"george
"don t worry the liberal elite always know what s best for the little people.goldman sachs chairman and un special representative for migration peter sutherland said yesterday that britain should take in more migrants in order to avoid creating an environment of  xenophobia and racism .shocking footage filmed in the french port town of calais shows desperate migrants attempting to break into delivery trucks heading to the united kingdom in another illustration of how the country s generous welfare system acts as a beacon for illegal aliens.the clip shows huge gangs of migrants roaming around on a highway attempting to attack vehicles.police or immigration authorities are nowhere to be seen as migrants rip open the back door of a truck before attempting to pull down its contents to make their way inside
"we ve seen the overpriced t-shirts before from other candidates but the hillary clinton store takes it to a new level .  everyday items made by everyday people ? gag!  something about this is just so snake oil salesmanish you know
" you can t have people walking around with guns says the husband of the woman who wants to be your next president sunday on cnn s  state of the union
"this marine veteran who ran for  constitutional  sheriff in new hampshire in 2014 is passionate about protecting and defending our nation and our rights.  when asked why he s hosting this controversial contest
"whether federal spending legislation crosses the line from enticement to coercion is often difficult to determine
"black lives matter but only when white cops are responsible for their deaths. when blacks kill other blacks not so much.  kudos to the fred l. davis insurance company for telling the truth about who s really doing the killing in black communities.that s the statement on a billboard in memphis
you know you re really in the tank when the cnn anchors are mocking you! a total of 6 people attended a hillary watch party for here second announcement aka campaign reset today.
"why would the vatican invite an aggressive leftist speaker to the rollout of the pope s papal document on phony  global climate change?  as a catholic
"does anyone care? if hillary personally gassed these citizens would anyone care? has america become so conditioned to reading about clinton crimes that they ve become desensitized to the serious consequences of their selfish actions?the clinton-run state department s approval of chemical and biological exports to the egyptian government increased in volume just as dollars flowed from mubarak-linked entities into the coffers of clinton family concerns. a group closely associated with the mubarak government paid bill clinton a $250
"many on the left are calling for gun control in the u.s. the people who are so concerned about saving the lives of victims of gun violence
 used fake ss#’s and committed felonies are granted special privileges because they are considered “victims”"
"wouldn t it be great to have a president who made our national security a top priority? the obama administration will agree to let iran bypass questions about its past nuclear military work under any final deal signed in the coming weeks
"the army can t be bothered with defending or protecting war heroes
"as a side note
"however you feel about fiorina
"every american should care about this no matter what party. a stolen vote is a vote taken away from you!  with electronic ballots there could be larger numbers of votes manipulated remotely. easy enough the recent cyber theft of millions of personnel records from the federal government was sophisticated and potentially crippling
"here s one sure way to turn a solidly  red  state  blue in fiscal year 2014
"keith broomfield won t likely receive any recognition from the white house for his brave and selfless decision to stand side by side in defense of innocent kurds who are being slaughtered by obama s jv team.  who has time to address a plan to deal with isis?  president  obama and his lovely wife have more important things to deal with like white privilege
"this is so over the top it s not funny. i m a huge advocate of parents being there for the kids but a felony charge? held overnight in jail? does anyone out there have anything new to add to this or is it a case of our ever overreaching government getting into our business?if this doesn t convince lawmakers that they had better start revising the child neglect laws   and convince politicians that supporting free-range legislation would be a great
" we came
"why do we even need a congress anymore? we have a king
"before we explore the actual details of marco rubio s  extravagant purchase
"why are banking powerhouses
"perhaps this young girl aspires to be the first lady someday. is it really fair to fire her for making racist remarks on social media when our  president  and first lady have been on a  hate/blame the white man  media tour since they entered the white house? meet illinois resident shana poohpooh latrice
"it s almost like hillary s not really that interested in the  everyday people after all  except of course
it s obvious that the iraqi pm is trying to get a word in with obama yet it s clear our childish president is freezing him out. what kind of diplomacy is this? third grade level behavior from a grown man 
"hillary heads to dc for an exclusive fundraiser hosted by  one-percenter lesbians hillary clinton will be in washington
"kids just want to use words  that s racist
"hey al  why don t you try going into the neighborhoods of chicago and ask the residents to contribute to your worthless charity? everyone knows  shakedown al does nothing to help the hundreds of young black men who are killed by other black youths every year. it s all about the contributions to al and his worthless  charity at a hartford
"which begs the question:how many iraqi s have been placed on trial for similar circumstances? and do the rules of engagement only apply to the us military? a retrial is set to begin monday at camp pendleton for a marine convicted in the 2006 killing of an iraqi civilian   one of the most high-profile and legally and politically complex court martials of the iraq war.sgt. lawrence hutchins was convicted in 2007 by a marine jury of unpremeditated murder in the killing of a 52-year-old former iraqi police officer in hamandiya
 
"ultimate gun control is the end game of barack obama and his regime period.on june 1 breitbart news reported on obama s spring 2015  unified agenda.  the gun control measures contained therein which were to be passed by executive fiat.since that time representatives like rep. thomas massie (r-ky)91% (r-ky-4th) have placed riders on a doj appropriations bill to stop portions of the executive gun control push in its tracks. now the nra-ila is revealing that the obama administration is working behind the scenes to stifle reporting on firearms.from the nra-ila:even as news reports have been highlighting the gun control provisions of the administration s  unified agenda  of regulatory objectives
"i guess the people who work for the baltimore mayor are like rats on the sinking titanic. maybe they figured out that it s not so smart to let rioters destroy your town and then expect the taxpayers to pick up the bloated tab. baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake is having a problem with retaining her staff. ever since she helped bring the hammer down on six baltimore police officers over the accidental death of freddie gray
"not that it matters
" i think we need somebody who knows the military. i think he (rick perry) knows the military  i find it difficult to want a commander in chief who has no experience being in the trenches
"no need to file rules don t apply to obama s amnestied illegals illegal immigrants granted executive amnesty can claim back tax credits for work they performed illegally
"a shocking documentary reveals that at least some american muslims do want sharia law right here in the united states.ami horowitz said that he always marvels in the  lack of integration  of the muslim community in both the united states and europe.so
"unfortunately
"but then again
"but what about hillary being a  formidable opponent  when it comes to women voters? hillary clinton had trouble attracting high-powered women to a new york talk hosted by silda wall spitzer two weeks before her campaign officially kicks off. sources said that after ticket sales fizzled for an intimate
"the last three recipients of the highly coveted arthur ashe award for courage were gay: gma host
this is proof positive that we have a delusional leader who s got an ego the size of texas! 
"daniel greenfield nails it! this is one of the best resourced and stated takes on what america s going through that i ve ever read. thank you mr. greenfield! daniel greenfield
"how many american taxpayer dollars have already been used by the obama regime to spy on
" i m leaving the gop and running as a democrat!unfortunately
"eric holder in a skirt obama s department of justice is working on  more than a dozen  new gun control regulations it plans to begin implementing apart from congress. some of the regulations are set to be put in place by november
"with 25% of mexico now living in america americans should be demanding our  president  tell us why he allowed these illegal aliens to cross our southern border and who will pay for their health care and education? americans pride ourselves on being people who have a government. but these days
"fortunately
"beau biden   son of vice president joe biden   died of brain cancer at 46
"but what about that whole unfair  student debt  thing that hillary and bill are so concerned about?while arizona state university has almost doubled its tuition over the past 10 years amid claims that it needs more state money
"this story would have been front page news across america today had a republican running for senate in california made these potentially career ending remarks. but then again
"b b..but she s a victim (mosby claims her account was hacked).earlier this month
"these 4 hostages must certainly feel a sense of comfort knowing that our strong commander in chief would never desert an ameri never mind it was reported weeks ago that the american government has abandoned citizens in yemen
"pretty much people just yelling at each other so far. pic.twitter.com/jfndizcax5  adam housley (@adamhousley) may 30
"i wonder how many government funded trucks will be following mooch s kids this summer? oh
"getting rich off of the misery of others very distasteful!to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the 2004 indian ocean tsunami
"what could hastert have done so wrong to have to pay someone from his past $3.5 million? he was a teacher and a wrestling coach before he go involved in politics so my question is who was extorting money from him? we have an update on this story:former house speaker dennis hastert paid a man to conceal sexual misconduct while the man was a student at the high school where hastert taught
"isis supporters on twitter are making open death threats to bikers attending the  freedom of speech round ii  event to be hosted today in front of a phoenix
"after giving  room to destroy 
"nothing like riding on your sister s coattails and making bucketloads of cash just because you re a mooch and a grifter like they are. the clinton foundation was nothing but a slush fund for these scumbags sitting in a courtroom three years ago
 mn public schools ‘white privilege’ training asks teachers: “when do you wear the hood?”"
"why should barack obama bother with the courts? he s always been above the law. he s already proven to us that he doesn t need a court ruling to bring millions of illegal aliens into our country. he s not following any laws when he demands our border patrol agents stand down to drug cartels
"megyn kelly interviews the blaze s dana loesch about baltimore s racist
 anti-cop commencement speech [video]"
this reminds me of when hillary was campaigning and pulled out the accent: 
"this is a perfect example of the effort by liberals to erase our american history. like it or not
" drawing muhammad is not illegal under american law
"nothing shady here
"the state department redacted one sentence just one. cleaning up for our former secretary of state is something the state department has gotten really good at: fyi. the idea of using private security experts to arm the opposition should be considered. that s it the one sentence that tells us so much. rand paul was on to the answer. clinton slithered out of it .among the emails released by the state department today was one sent by hillary clinton to jake sullivan on april 8
"cnn mostly dismisses the clinton e-mail scandal and just brushes over it but john king makes a great point this morning:sunday on cnn s  inside politics
"the main stream media has done a great job of covering up the story of jeffrey epstein and his friends in high places who joined him at what s now called  pedo island . we now find out that stephanopoulos was with bill clinton on the island where there s smoke turns out george stephanopoulos did more than just donate to the clinton foundation while working as an  impartial  media person for abc. he also joined bill clinton and jeffrey epstein at lolita island in 2010. lolita island is also known as  pedo island . this one documented trip by george stephanopoulos and bill clinton was in december of 2010. george stephanopoulos was at abc at the time. this was just two years before that ridiculous gop debate where george stephanopoulos badgered mitt romney about banning contraception. now i know why it was such an issue for george stephanopoulos.also joining epstein
"private jets
 
 falls down when he sees tv cameras and claims injury"
 
 
"members of the catholic church need to pay close attention to the radical statements that are being made by the vatican s top advisor
"our military men and women never had to wonder if president george w. bush cared about them former press secretary for george w. bush
"the friday document dump today included 300 of the thousands of yet to be released clinton e-mails. how convenient to release these on a holiday weekend. we re all being scammed in all this because these are the e-mails hand picked by hillaries minions. we won t get to the truth because it was destroyed. this entire thing is smelling to high heaven the state department released its first round of emails from hillary clinton s time as secretary of state on friday
"our state department brought in over 1 million 1 legal immigrants entered the us in the last 20 years as a result of the refugee admissions program that was brainchild of senator ted kennedy and was signed into law by president george h.w. bush in 1990. its primary purpose was to increase diversity in america. has everyone had enough  diversity  yet?clockwise
"when you agree with liz warren you know something s wrong!democrat sens. joe manchin (wv) and sen. elizabeth warren (d-ma) went to the senate floor to push for immediate consideration of a bill that would make the obamatrade text public. currently
"the clintons found more money $26 million more. they ve been using their positions in government to raise money but haven t been reporting it. hummm
"the climate change bs starts around the 16:00 mark- globally we could see a rise in *climate change refugees    *take note that obama could add thousands and thousands more refugees to america if he s able to say that climate change is a reason for refugee status.please
 is that everybody will be as miserable as you”"
"a pentagon spokesman claims it s more like  one toyota speeding down the road by itself at night with its headlights off.  um unless i m mistaken barry
"street art has appeared on the streets surrounding abc news  good morning america studios in new york city. the posters feature hillary clinton with a smiling george stephanopoulos
 while 89% of long-term jobless americans would ‘search harder’ if benefits ran out"
"it s no accident that president obama named vanita gupta acting head of the civil rights division of the doj. gupta is beloved by the radical left for her militant hostility toward law enforcement officers. here s a fantastic overview from j. christian adams who has intimate knowledge of what s going on at the doj. he worked  there and knows just how the doj has been turned into a politicized radical leftist entity of the obama administration. here s an example of that:vanita gupta
"we ve been screaming from the rooftop that obama s new open border policy will destroy job opportunities for americans who really want to work. can you hear us now?if they keep this up disney won t be referred to as the  happiest place on earth  for very much longer republican senator and presidential candidate marco rubio is backing a bill that would triple the number of guest workers businesses could hire every year
"wounded warrior project has done so much to help so many veterans who have paid a heavy price for our freedom. senior airman brian kolfage jr is a good friend and recipient of the wwp s 2014 george c. lang award for courage.the george c. lang award for courage presented to brian kolfage jr. from brian on vimeo.sales from the newly released dvd of american sniper are expected to generate a million dollars for the wounded warrior project (wwp)
"(video above)state department spokesperson harf won t comment on the cheryl mills block of sensitive documents about hillary clintonhillary s chief of staff could be part of the key to the truth of so much corruption. cheryl mills ran interference the night benghazi broke. hillary s claim that an anti-islam video
"what s a million dollars between friends? to hell with human rights violations hillary s got a campaign to win!a major clinton foundation donor regularly arrests dissidents and brutally tortures them to extract confessions
"it would have been more appropriate for the plaque to mention that the obama-holder-sharpton race war started here on canfield dr in ferguson
 
 
"in the face of mounting threats of terrorism and civil unrest in u.s. cities
"can she just go away? this is so bizarre no words for the pictures except ugh!michelle obama has posted a workout video online that shows her pumping iron
 
" misogyny is ingrained in people from the time they are born   taylor swiftmi sog y ny m s j n /submit noun dislike of
 
"michael conger was arrested by eustis police once on a violation of a probation warrant and jeremy robertson had never been arrested by the marion county sheriff s dept.
did someone not tell this goofball that ramadi just fell to isis? does this parade look like a success for america to you? 
000"
"emails published by the new york times monday indicate that hillary clinton used more than one private email address during her time as secretary of state
" my success in the financial markets has given me a greater degree of independence than most other people
" a federal judge rejected the state department s request of a january 2016 (right before the iowa primary) release of hillary clinton s e-mails in one big batch.  u.s. district court judge rudolph contreras (obama appointee) announced tuesday his plans to order a  rolling production  of the emails just hours after the state department proposed that it not be required to make the records public until january 2016
 
 
"like mother like daughter? chelsea is  very difficult  according to insiders. we know from former clintonites that hillary can cuss like a sailor and really hammer people so perhaps this is a case of  you are what you know chelsea knows being difficult to work with chelsea clinton is so unpleasant to colleagues
"bravo for judicial watch! what would we do without them-they have pushed for the truth on so many things about benghazi but other things that have happened during the lawless obama years. thanks to judicial watch for finally getting to the bottom of this!judicial watch docs reveal obama admin knew al qaeda terrorists planned benghazi 10 days in advance (washington
"****strong language warning****you have lit a fuse
 you can be no gender
"why would anyone expect anything else from a mayor who criticized barack obama for being  too conservative  and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that president roosevelt took  during the great depression miss me yet?last week
"the hate for our law enforcement is at an all time high. the blame for the injuries suffered and murders of innocent law enforcement officers falls squarely on the shoulders of eric holder
" we re going to have people who are bilingual teachers
 
"keep buying jay z and beyonce s music and keep telling us you like their music and see no connection between buying their music and using it to fund obama s race war rap mogul jay z has quietly used his wealth to post bail for people arrested in protests across the united states against police
 instigate violence and disrupt"
 jokingly asks if it counts as a police chase?"
"time to exhale james barack obama supporter james taylor doesn t just think the u.s. president is great   he believes obama is the greatest of all-time. i ve been watching politics since (dwight) eisenhower and adlai stevenson
too funny! chuck todd states the obvious but it s huge that he s even saying it out loud.andrea mitchell and lib pundits: hillary hasn t mingled with average people 
 we will take obama”"
"perhaps democrat mayor michael nutter is taking a cue from the reckless da in baltimore in presuming guilt of the engineer without the benefit of an investigation. the mayor basically accused the engineer of criminal negligence without even knowing all of the details of the crash. from democrat mayor michael nutter:  clearly it was reckless in terms of the driving by the engineer. there s no way in the world that he should have been going that fast into the curve. clearly he was reckless and irresponsible in his actions. there s really no excuse that can be offered. listen to the mayor s unjustified
 you’ll never guess what the white house has to say about it"
"no mercy for welfare leech and america hater
" we do this not because it s legally required
 
"the democrats didn t waste any time pushing for more funding for amtrak after the philly crash but anyone with half a brain knows you shouldn t trust this push for more and bigger government funding. here are some facts
"barack obama s reckless desire to open our borders to international criminals will likely result in the most serious security threat our nation will ever face. a group of 15 heavily-armed masked gunmen kicked down the door of a texas border home and opened fire without warning
"country music star blake shelton apparently had a lot on his mind earlier this week
"if nothing else
 
 george stephanopoulous made huge donation to clinton foundation"
 
"not every hollywood actor is a liberal nut job with no understanding of the real world the rest of us are living in some of them
"leading from behind hasn t worked out so well for obama and now russia has taken full advantage of our perceived weakness when it comes to building ties with china and other superpowers. this is  a dangerous game with china and russia cozying up for military exercises. 2016 can t come soon enough!!!sochi
 oink! 2015 pig book shows lawmakers appropriating gluttonous spending"
"emboldened by a radical leftist  president  who thumbs his nose at our constitution and the core values our nation was founded on
 
"it s hard to know who obama hates more america
"the war on the american flag continues.retired mounted an american flag in front of his house
 racist rant to grads"
 
 
000 after judge ordered him to stop"
"obama s apology tour for the greatest country in the world continues the united states heard widespread concern monday over excessive use of force by law-enforcement officials against minorities as it faced the u.n. s main human rights body for a review of its record.washington also faced calls to work toward abolishing the death penalty
a group of hackers affiliated with isis are threatening to carry out a cyber attack dubbed  message to america against a number of targets 2 p.m. est today. the targets were not identified on isis forums and social channels but the hackers are promising something  surprising  that  will frighten america .isis supporters calling themselves the cyber caliphate hacked into the twitter account of the united states central command in january.twitter suspended the account detailing the planned attack about 9 a.m. est.
"rate your mom for mother s day sounds like the perfect project that only an intrusive
"we d like to offer a special word of  thanks  to pamela gellar for shining the light on the truth about americans who are being bullied into submission by muslim terrorists. skit points out the ridiculousness of the argument by the left that we need to draw the free speech line at criticizing islam. it s okay to criticize christianity or judaism. there s no need to fear criticizing other faiths
"not that anyone should be surprised by this insanity after all
"get over yourself! mooch plays the race card again this woman loves to stir it up and fabricate things because it does exactly what she wants. it further divides us as a nation. why else would she (a lawyer) not know that in both highly charged police abuse cases in ferguson and baltimore
 
 
"nearly 30
"thanks to the united nations and our state department for their push to bring mostly muslim refugees to small towns across america we are seeing the  fundamental transformation  that obama promised. just like the somali muslims forever changed the communities in minneapolis
 an iraqi archbishop makes a beautiful music video to give christian refugees hope"
"conform or pay the ultimate price police seized ten children from an  off grid  homeschool family in kentucky on wednesday after receiving an anonymous tip about the family s traditional lifestyle.the nightmare story began when sheriff s officers set up a blockade around joe and nicole naugler s rural property before entering the premises. eight of the kids were out with their father but nicole and two of her oldest children were at home. nicole attempted to drive away but was subsequently stopped and arrested for resisting (attempting to prevent officers from taking her two boys away).the sheriff then demanded joe naugler turn over the other eight children by 10am the next day or face felony charges
"nothing to see here just obama evening the playing field by giving an ad hoc international tribunal the ability to overrule us laws and allow them to levy fines against the us the american taxpayer would be responsible for paying. it is really worrisome
"how very  charitable  of the lutheran and catholic churches to bring tens of thousands of refugees to america
 swedish citizens devise a controversial scheme"
"this is the definition of insanity-doing the same thing over and over. we just need a congress strong enough to stop the madness.for over 30 years
 
"bosch faustian
"wouldn t you like to know the grand total and not just the transportation expenses alone?first lady s round-trip flight to aspen
"it s interesting that josh earnest still carries around the line of bs that all middle class americans know is a lie. he is
"another positive step towards restoring our freedoms a federal court has decided that the national security agency s (nsa) bulk
"what comes around
"you know those really tacky air fresheners you see in cabs? yea
"chuck norris wrote about jade helm 15 in a commentary for the conservative website wnd last weekend
 gay and oral sex"
"the radical baltimore mayor who ordered the baltimore police department to stand down is now calling for a federal investigation into the baltimore police department. what about a federal investigation into her reckless actions that were clearly motivated by her desire to side with the rioters?? are we living in some alternate universe where all ability to reason and to use common sense has been removed from our society?baltimore s streets will likely take years   if not decades   to recover after april s riots that left scores of business owners devastated and local police disheartened. many cops feel  demoralized
"meet alice miller who single-handedly scr*wed the legal voters of america by letting non-citizens vote. i guess voter integrity only applies to some .the supreme court has been asked to allow kansas and arizona to verify that only united states citizens are registering to vote in those states. unfortunately
"the flags at citi field were also at half-mast in honor of brian moore. #respect #nypd pride. #mets pic.twitter.com/gefiknrwyx  new york mets (@mets) may 5
"anyone with half a brain can figure out what these shady grifters are doing keeping 85 cents on the dollar made the clintons millions and millions. yes
"we re not sure which of judge mary murguia s qualifications for becoming a u.s. supreme court justice would be more attractive to obama. could it be the fact that she
"the stats don t lie on this one obama s hoping to reach the low information voter who watches letterman and will buy this bs. the stimulus under obama gave billions for work programs and education but we still need to give more??? as a taxpaying american i am 100% fed up! and ready for the black community to take responsibility for their towns and their youth. we do not ignore pockets of poverty but i would say that we ignore the truth of what s going on in the black community and what s the real problem here. it s just like when the main stream media ignores and covers up the bad behavior of groups of black teens. we ve reported on numerous cases of this bad behavior that caused damage and physical harm to others. the latest case was ironically in baltimore and the local press called the offenders  kids  when you can see clearly that these are teens. downplaying and not punishing the bad behavior by these teens only makes it worse. no consequences breeds chaos president obama said that  too often we ignore   pockets of poverty
"our first lady has taken time out from her self-appointed role as america s food nazi to fulfill her new role as  first propagandist  in obama s coordinated race war on america first lady michelle obama used a speech monday that was supposed to be celebrating the opening of a new museum to instead dig deeper the racial divide that s been growing ever wider during her husband s presidency.  museums and concert halls
"sooo when terrorists attack je suis charlie
 you’re gonna be here a while…remember when barack promised number of emergency room visits would decrease with obamacare?"
"remember when the left would have been ashamed to say singing  the star spangled banner  was considered a  false display of patriotism? jamie foxx is being heavily criticized for his performance of  the star-spangled banner  at saturday night s fight. how about stopping this false display of patriotism altogether? what does two people beating the bejesus out of each other have to do with  the rockets red glare  and  bombs bursting in air ?here s racist jamie foxx s version of  the star spangled banner in fact
 
"the future of jihad appears to be alive and well raqqa is being slaughtered reported:the image appears to have originally been posted on the twitter account of an isis sympathizer whose other posts include.the image comes days after another ribss activist posted a picture of a baby sleeping next to a grenade
 
"he just can t help himself  this is what happens when you elect a racist community organizer as your  president.  barry knows exactly what he s doing right now. every word and every action is calculated and carefully orchestrated with other racists in his regime. americans need to share stories like these to stop the bleed before it gets even more out of control how does he do it? how does barack obama manage to insult and pi$$ off one group after another of working americans?president obama took time tuesday during his press conference with the japanese prime minister to discuss the situation in baltimore after the rioting and looting on monday.obama accused the media of looping one burning building for sensationalism.point number four
"holy smokes! that s billion with a b! where did all the money go?! hummmm the city of baltimore received over $1.8 billion from president barack obama s stimulus law
" you re at forefront of this cause and as young people
"this is like one big slush fund for hillary 2016. the clintons not only collected millions from foreign donors
marilyn mosby held a press conference today in which she said police officers had no probable cause to arrest freddie gray. that s a lie  freddie gray had an active warrant out for his arrest so baltimore police had every reason to bring him in.
"the police union came out almost immediately after the mosby press conference today with a response against her assessment of the freddie gray case. they are fighting back against the claim that the 6 officers did anything wrong during the arrest and transport of mr. gray.fraternal order of police lodge is asking baltimore state s attorney marilyn mosby to appoint a special prosecutor to the freddie gray investigation because of her personal connection to the gray family s attorney
"bill o reilly isn t my favorite and can be belligerently wrong sometimes but this rant is spot on:  the truth is   we don t know what happened to mr. gray. the same way we did not know what happened in ferguson
"so now that this guy fears for his life he s backtracking on the story he told or is he?this is such a mess and so convoluted that i doubt we ll ever get answers. this entire thing really is a sideshow to the bigger agenda of the obama administration. federalizing the police force is next from the beginning
"holy smokes! could someone tell obama he doesn t need to dump more money into the baltimore school system. i think they need to point the finger somewhere else the baltimore school system ranked second among the nation s 100 largest school districts in how much it spent per pupil in fiscal year 2011
"this answers questions but also raises many more questions in this case. why did the van stop four times? the police van driver hasn t given testimony yet so perhaps he can shed some light on what happened to freddie gray an investigation into the death of baltimore resident freddie gray has found no evidence that his fatal injuries were caused during the videotaped arrest and interaction with police officers
 relax!” al sharpton gets physical with reporter just trying to ask questions"
"who knew that in our  first black president s  second term killing cops would be all the rage in the black community? a houston community college police officer has survived an assassination attempt after being stabbed by her assailant 14 times. the officer was saved by civilians who stepped in and stopped the attacker. the attacker told investigators he did this to get back at police for their brutality. a spokesman from the family said it might be related to the baltimore riots.officer april pikes remains in critical condition at houston s ben taub hospital
"new york mayor bill de blasio traveled to milwaukee to attend a fundraiser where he delivered a blistering speech attacking scott walker and the wealthy. governor walker is part of a dangerous breed of republicans
"a source involved in the enforcement efforts confirmed there was a direct order from the mayor to her police chief
"ferguson part ii:  police are having a difficult time investigating because of the rocks being thrown at them. baltimore and ferguson are one in the same. they re organized by radical leftist groups
100 donors to the clinton foundation"
 quicken loans…owner stands his ground"
"whiskey
"the american taxpayers are on the hook for less than predicted but this is still huge! it was obama s green energy scam with companies like solyndra that was like flushing millions and billions down the toilet taxpayers are on the hook for more than $2.2 billion in expected costs from the federal government s energy loan guarantee programs
"the identity of the victim has not yet been confirmed
"wouldn t it be great if our first  black  president would make an effort to quell the angry and violent crowds in baltimore by and asking for calm? is it too much to ask that he take this opportunity to address our nation and behave like a leader for the entire country and not like a community organizer with an agenda? as long as the negro finds himself living every day in a major depression
 
 
 bloods and crips contracted to attack baltimore police"
"high school kids out of control? noooo! we ve been reporting of the huge groups of high school kids getting violent at malls and other places in towns across america. basically they re organized riots there were reports of an organized riot
"could someone please explain this? i honestly don t think it s any accident.i stumbled onto this video via badblue
"we should do nothing for these terrorists! they got money and a house from the government of uruguay but want even more from the u.s. and uruguay. unreal!four former guantanamo bay prisoners protested for a second day saturday demanding more help from both the uruguayan and the u.s. governments for adapting to life in their new home in this south american country.the men began their protest in front of the u.s. embassy in montevideo on friday and said they slept there through the night. they insisted would stay until they met with the u.s. ambassador. we ll be here until monday. we are not leaving until with speak with the ambassador
"oops! the narrative isn t fitting the truth and the truth is: despite police commissioner anthony w. batts  insistence that a minority of out-of-town instigators caused the violence
"long overdue in a closed-door meeting with jewish donors saturday night
"mayor stephanie rawlings-blake: while we tried to make sure that they were protected from the cars and the other things that were going on. we also gave those who wished to destroy space to do that as well. and we work very hard to keep that balance and to put ourselves in the best position to deescalate
"because nothing says  justice  for freddie gray like a large group of teenage thugs descending on a defenseless woman and stealing her purse a producer for ruptly
 not so deceptive’"
" i will close my business before i will make any compromises that could jeopardize the safety and security of the members who shoot here. you can be certain the feds are more concerned about those  peaceful  muslims in america who want to kill me than they are about anything i might say or do that hurts the feelings of islamic (sic) terrorists. -jan morganon saturday
"try to process this: a woman running for president of the united states (whose entire career has been built on lies and deceit) has a  charity  that has now been placed on a  watch list  as a way to warn potential donors about investing in the clinton foundation the clinton foundation s finances are so messy that the nation s most influential charity watchdog put it on its  watch list  of problematic nonprofits last month. the clinton family s mega-charity took in more than $140 million in grants and pledges in 2013 but spent just $9 million on direct aid. the group spent the bulk of its windfall on administration
"this first-hand account of what happened in baltimore is so shocking and unreal but our good friend
 
 
"why couldn t the parents be notified of his death? what possible reason could the obama regime have for keeping his death a secret from his parents?an american and an italian being held hostage by al qaeda in a remote region of pakistan near the afghan border were killed in a cia drone strike in january   an accident president obama on thursday blamed on  the fog of war.  obama grimly admitted the botched operation at the white house and apologized to the families of the two aid workers   warren weinstein
 
"this mayor s involvement in potential illegal activity will get little attention this story will be a full blown case of racial injustice in 5 4 3 2 1  betty mccray
"it s worth noting that the victims of this horrible terrorist bombing are responsible for their own court parking fees
 cop hater and rapper
"what difference does it make? well
" these are people who claim to love diversity
"iran
"if she s not toast now then we re in bigger trouble than i thought.  there s so much more to this whole thing and it s just getting worse for bill and hill. chickens coming home to roost?hillary clinton s state department was part of a panel that approved the sale of one of america s largest uranium mines at the same time a foundation controlled by the seller s chairman was making donations to a clinton family charity
"adios america census: record 51 million immigrants in 8 years
"the recipient of the presidential medal of freedom from barack obama in 2012 had this to say when asked about racism: and i want to see a white man convicted for raping a black woman. then when you ask me
"maybe if we had more people in positions of authority who would speak out against this entitlement mentality and demand that these freeloaders respect what has been given to them by hard working americans
"which begs the question whose corner is obama in? whose side has this president
"the wu$$ification of our military army rotc cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on monday for an arizona state university campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.the army openly encouraged participating in april s  walk a mile in her shoes  events in 2014
"the laws don t apply to the clinton s they re just for the  everyday americans democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton s campaign bus (known as the  scooby van ) reportedly led reporters on a high-speed chase monday
"this story should send chills down the spine of every american. communism is on our doorstep they came with a battering ram. cindy archer
 does she think we can’t check her lies?"
"nothing but the best for the queen and the queen s mom no other mother-in-law of a president in the history of the united states has enjoyed a more extravagant lifestyle than that of mooch s mom
"hell has a special spot reserved for this horrible man according to an article published sunday by world net daily
"meanwhile
" i m doug hughes
"listen to the mind boggling answers to these questions asked by caleb bonham
"obama speaks about frank and his mentor who schooled him on white racism  what i m trying to tell you is your [white] grandma s right to be scared . she understands that black people have a reason to hate. that s just how it is. for your sake
"it s about time rev. patrick mahoney
 delta smelt
there s just something about shrillary that almost makes you wonder if everything she does has to be staged watch how differently marco rubio is able to handle an impromptu interview with this tmz reporter vs hillary clinton (below): h/t ij review
"jeb bush just unofficially placed himself on team  democrat potential gop presidential candidate jeb bush is calling on congress to confirm attorney general nominee loretta lynch
"hillary s for all  everyday americans just not the elderly ones in wheelchairs hillary clinton wants to meet  everyday americans  so badly
there s just something about shrillary that almost makes you wonder if everything she does has to be staged watch how differently marco rubio is able to handle an impromptu interview with this tmz reporter vs hillary clinton (below):
"because there wouldn t be any outrage over a  white kids only  field trip to a local college would there?parents criticized indiana school officials thursday for a trip planned to local colleges that was only offered to black third-graders
"from the amazing ann corcoran s refugee resettlement blog: ho hum! another of those somalis we are still bringing into america as refugees at the rate of 800-900 a month has been indicted in columbus
"as it turns out
"you d think she d know a thing or two about email servers and at a minimum
"umm yeah okay would it be acceptable to the school if this teacher asked her students to close their eyes and pretend to be jesus? it s a rhetorical question of course union grove
 but i bet you didn’t know this…"
"who needs family when you have a neighborhood mentor who can teach you the value of racism
"meet keegan stephan. he could be barack obama s son. he s a community agitator with a sizable following on twitter
 
not that anyone should be surprised by the lap dog mentality of these second rate liberal hack  journalists.  they re the reason the most crooked woman in america is even a contender in this race.
"everyone s been asking where the hillary van is so hillary pulls up in a gas guzzling van with tinted windows-i thought she wanted to mingle with the regular folk? this monster gets 16-18 miles per gallon! ouch!the van
"yep hillary s now a champion of lesbians and gay marriage. or is she? it s hard to tell exactly what hillary stands for. she seemed pretty adamant in the videos below that she was committed to preserving the sanctity of marriage between a man and woman. hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house: the nation s largest lesbian political action committee.the group
"wow! what a list of accomplishments! the problem is that these accomplishments are rotten to the core. just read a few and you ll get a taste of the corruption and chicago style politics transplanted to d.c. via obama. not pretty!law and justice  first president to violate the war powers act (unilaterally executing american military operations in libya without informing congress in the required time period   source: huffington post)  first president to triple the number of warrantless wiretaps of u.s. citizens (source: aclu)   first president to sign into law a bill that permits the government to  hold anyone suspected of being associated with terrorism indefinitely
" you are one of the most narcissistic
"russia decides to ignore obama s red line and sells missiles to iran.  with a weak leader like obama
"yada
"don t you know obama would love to just throw those who disagree with him in jail. well
"the taliban or isis? does it really matter? radical islam is just evil and knows no bounds.killing aid workers is as low as they could go except now they ve brought it down to the kid level five aid workers who d been kidnapped were found murdered:the bodies of five afghan aid workers working for save the children were found on friday
 emily’s list doing its part to keep minority population in check… endorses hillary"
" we have not observed the principles and ideals upon which this country was founded. obama makes sure to let everyone know  americans never makes a claim about being perfect
"  i don t hate these people. they are just angry.    mr. o connor
"you won t believe this judge and how he berates a family that was terrorized in a home invasion. can a three-year old help how she feels after this traumatic event?the reason judge olu stevens of louisville
 ambitious


" i am a student of history so i tend to actually be familiar with many of these episodes that have been mentioned. i am the first one to acknowledge that america s application to concern around human rights has not always been consistent. and
 the clintons are back!’"
"since hillary s making a big announcement today we thought we d give everyone a chance to see the real hillary. this is a side of hillary that we ve all heard about
"it s so refreshing to see these gop candidates who are unwilling to allow the left to misrepresent their beliefs and create a distorted view of their positions on social issues.having identified what they perceive as his achilles heel
"but wait wasn t the muslim brotherhood s arab spring (sharia law for all egyptians) supposed to be a good thing? an egyptian court sentenced mohamed badie
"where was the media coverage when this black thug shot a white police officer in the face? it clearly doesn t fit their narrative which explains why this horrific incident took place on march 27
 mohammed abdullah hassan was caught attempting to bomb us army base"
" find out how many are going to sign up to go to war when we keep doing this to those who protect us.              montel williamsmontel williams got emotions during his appearance on greta van susteren s  on the record
"yep that s correct. your hard earned tax dollars are helping to pay her salary just days before easter
" if you have a system that rewards you for being a victim
you won t want to miss this 
"poor little al if he s not race baiting
"this is a story that will never make the news. a woman uses a car to intentionally hit another woman (this is the second time she s used her car as a weapon to hit another human being) but unfortunately
 “reverend” al sharpton calls for federal police force"
" the nuclear industry is a necessity
"dirty harry must ve jarred something in his head that makes him unaware that he s lying in public. he used to be pretty good at hiding it senate minority leader harry reid (d-nv) is changing the story about how he sustained those gruesome new year s day injuries that have left him blind in one eye.previously
"this story just proves what we ve been saying all along. when it comes to unions
"huge news: the head coach of the university of michigan s football team just tweeted that the football team will watch  american sniper.  coach harbaugh made his remarks in defiance of the university and the muslim student association   who canceled an upcoming screening of the film. coach harbaugh said he is  proud to be an american and if that offends anybody   then so be it. to hell with a true story about one of the most important american military heroes of our time. sadly
"if i were u.s. district judge andrew hanen
"thanks to obama
" attacks against us are increasing in frequency
"this is just one we caught crossing the border. what about the thousands we haven t caught or that we haven t heard about? nothing to see here breitbart texas exclusively obtained leaked information on the iraqi man who was apprehended while illegally crossing the u.s.-mexico border into texas on february 12
"evil hiding under the banner of  religion  in our own backyard a 32-year-old woman was harassed and intimidated last week when she tried to pick up her four children from the fundamentalist mormon sect she bravely left to escape an abusive husband.sabrina broadbent tetzner
" i was wondering if i could get a cake that says:  gay marriage is wrong.  the tolerant answers that follow this question show the astounding hypocrisy of the left.say that  bestiality is wrong  or  polygamy is wrong  and it s not considered hate speech
"if we didn t know better
"our culture is what makes this nation great and very exceptional. unfortunately
"this is a perfect example of why affirmative action should be gone! he now says he believes affirmative action is racist ya think?!mindy kaling s brother: i got into medical school by pretending to be black. vijay chokal-ingam
"is our community organizer in chief being tested by putin?the air is frigid and the wind is howling as air force col. frank flores lifts a pair of foot-long binoculars and studies a hazy dot about 50 miles west across the bering strait. that s the mainland there
"it s not for her to decide! we have the second amendment and that s enough for any american. delauro doesn t get to decide for us what s a gun that s ok to own. it might be a good idea to pick up the phone and voice your objection to this bill.gun owners would receive tax breaks for voluntarily turning in high-powered assault rifles under new legislation proposed monday.the support assault firearm elimination and education of our (safer) streets act expected to be reintroduced next week by rep. rosa delauro (d-conn.) would provide gun owners with an incentive to turn in their firearms to local police departments. assault weapons are not about hunting
"what an evil bunch of freaks! the agenda is so important to them that they can t see the forest for the trees. overpopulation is a problem in itself but connecting it to the scam that is global warming is just crazy. these people have such a twisted view of everything that it s really scary. i m 100% fed up! with the un climate freaks and their agenda.climate one founder greg dalton and the executive secretary of the united nations framework convention on climate change (unfcc) christiana figueres
"the gun grabbers are at it again pushing for more oversight and background checks for gun owners. the sheriff says it s  borderline treasonous  and will be a  nightmare  for law enforcement. he s refusing to enforce these efforts at gun control and we salute him for his stance! bravo!while oregon democrats stood with gabby giffords and the brady campaign to prevent gun violence to push expanded background checks on april 1
"insane! this really is the definition of insanity. letting  non-citizens  vote in our elections is something no other country would even consider ever! when you elect a socialist radical as mayor then i guess that s what you get new york city lawmakers and mayor bill de blasio are reportedly discussing legislation that would give voting rights to non-citizens in local elections. the guardian noted that under the legislation that is being discussed
"is anyone else 100% fed up?on friday
"socialism doesn t work but i guess venezuela didn t get the memo. no toilet paper? no food? yes
pretty funny stuff-make sure to watch to the end.
let s get real with some awesome truth from mark levin.is this guy not just the best ever truth teller! why can t we have more of him! patty and i can t get enough of levin and his ability to cut through the bs of the left.
"so a wannabe female bomber was a pre-school teacher by day in queens
"a strikingly high percentage of refugees to the united states use some form of public assistance
the congress is there to do what s best for the american people yet they re like deer in the headlights. listen to this former doj whistleblower who s been in the belly of the obama regime beast and knows the deal.
"corporate sponsors like coke should think again before hiring this potty mouthed anti-american hack singer for anything.rihanna performed  american oxygen  live for the first time at saturday s march madness music festival.if
 planning to leave two daughters behind in philadelphia"
" at first i was very surprised that this was in a dorm
"try to fix that with a dull knife boys the self-declared islamic state capital is currently in the throes of an epidemic and a number of members of the islamic state have reportedly been infected.efforts are reportedly being made to prevent the further spread of the leishmaniasis skin disease
"this woman s having trouble entering the walmart so people go to help her she spits on them! her reasoning for this disgusting behavior is that  americans are pushing us around . she s arrested but what happens next is what s so disturbing.a saudi arabian national faces hate crimes charges after allegedly spitting on several people at a florida walmart.nuha mohammed al-doaifi was arrested in palm bay after police responded to a 911 call
"just making room for hillary president obama today announced his decision to commute the sentences of 22 convicted drug offenders   many of them serving time after being convicted of conspiracy to distribute either cocaine
"the gay mafia has a new corporate  don. this is the only article you will need to read about the sheer stupidity of left-wing agitators who are crowing about the new religious freedom law in indiana.yesterday
 did he?”"
"nothing like political cronyism to make your stomach churn. especially since it s for a scumbag like teddy who rode the coattails of the american taxpayers his entire life. could they not raise the funds from private donors? i guess not it s a shame for all the hardworking taxpayers out there who ponied up without even having a choice in the matter.over half of the funding for the edward m. kennedy institute for the united states senate came from taxpayer dollars
"does anyone really think hillary clinton will come clean about anything? she dug herself such a huge hole that i could see her digging an even deeper one to get herself in the clear. she s going to lie you know it.gowdy had this to say today about the possibility of retrieving some of hillary s e-mails:house select committee on benghazi chairman trey gowdy said tuesday it may still be  technically possible  to retrieve thousands of emails to and from former secretary of state hillary clinton on the private server her lawyer said was  wiped clean. benghazi panel calls hillary to testifya house panel tuesday formally requested hillary clinton to testify about the private server and email account she used while serving as secretary of state.rep. trey gowdy
"the irony here isn t lost on us. hillary is being compared to the president she wanted to take down. nixon s got nothing on this criminal who wiped her server clean after e-mails were requested from her. john fund questions the democrat s strategy  to support a nixonian type candidate with more baggage than a samsonite factory she s secretive
" after the obama years of record food stamp usage
"please see our previous report below on the mccain institute associate who has now been subpoenaed by the house intel committee. david j. kramer was in hot water before for the same reason the intel committee is now issuing a subpoena:he was previously subpoenaed by the lawyers for a russian tech executive suing buzzfeed. the guy just refuses to give out any information on sources for the  dirty  dossier. this raises the question of if there were sources that were fictional and were used just to build a fake case against trump. president trump just tweeted out that the dossier is a  pile of garbage . could it be that this  pile of garbage  was used to make the case for a fisa warrant to spy on potus  the plot thickens on this one the daily caller reports: the house intelligence committee has issued a subpoena for an associate of arizona sen. john mccain s who revealed last week that he knows the names of the russian sources used in former british spy christopher steele s infamous dossier.a congressional source tells the daily caller that california rep. devin nunes issued the subpoena on wednesday for david j. kramer
"this is priceless! the video below shows just how out of control the left is when it comes to the corruption within the fbi and doj.when a republican lawmaker called for a  purge  of what he said are  deep state  elements within the fbi and justice department
"for weeks and weeks we ve heard the propaganda and dnc talking points about how president trump was going to trick americans with the tax cuts. well
" it s really interesting to hear this panel go ballistic over nikki haley finally standing up for america.msnbc s  morning joe  panel on friday lashed out at u.s. ambassador to the united nations nikki haley for her speech before the u.n. general assembly the prior day in which she criticized countries that supported a resolution condemning president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital.haley castigated the u.n. on thursday after the international body backed a non-binding resolution to reject the u.s. decision on jerusalem. the united states will remember this day in which it was singled out for attack in this assembly
"a federal judge in washington
"here s yet another reason to be very suspicious of the obama administration and hillary clinton:via free beacon: former secretary of state hillary clinton struck a deal with the state department while serving in the obama administration that allowed her to take ownership of records she did not want made public
"the doj is reporting that they basically took american taxpayer dollars and started a bonfire with it in light of the fact that key investigators are severely compromised
"another winner for america and for president trump! the supreme court ruled in favor of the travel ban! guess who voted against it justices ruth bader ginsburg and sonia sotomayor said they would have left the lower court orders in place. is anyone surprised by the two lefty judges? not us!fox news reports:handing the white house a huge judicial victory
"holy moly! we ve been covering the fbi agent who was fired for his  anti-trump tweets but now this bombshell:the agent is the one who quickly looked over thousands of emails from the weiner computer and said there was nothing there! you can bet this is now a big problem for the fbi. president trump is correct when he says the  fbi is in tatters reddit reported:our previous report on the fired anti-trump fbi agent: this is an interesting development in the mueller investigation because we don t trust the fbi. is this new news from the new york times an effort to make mueller and mccabe appear unbiased? we re not buying it because this guy was the lead investigator in the hillary email case really??? talk about compromised! please see our previous report below on the fbi giving  special status  to hillary s email investigation.robert mueller kicked a  top fbi agent  off the special counsel investigation this summer over potential anti-trump texts he sent
"general michael flynn released the statement below: after over 33 years of military service to our country
"the broader story in this entire russia witch hunt is if the one count on flynn announced today is a plea deal. flynn is being charged with only one count so this raises red flags there has been talk that flynn would do what he could to protect his son who is also involved in this witch hunt the crime is not the substance but the cover-up of conversations flynn had with the russian ambassador. this is exactly what president trump fired flynn for fox news is reporting:former national security adviser michael flynn has been charged in the special counsel s russia investigation with making false statements to the fbi and is expected to plead guilty at a hearing friday morning.special counsel robert mueller s office released a one-count charging document ahead of the hearing.abc news is reporting that this is a plea deal and that flynn will assist in the witch hunt:flynn s plea signals the former top adviser to trump is now cooperating with the team of special counsel robert mueller. a brief statement released by mueller s team friday morning does not say what information flynn has provided the government as part of this deal
"the story below from the liberal new york times is hysterical! rex tillerson is sweeping the state department clean! the angle of the nyt article is one of horror and shock that tillerson could let these lifers in the bloated bureaucracy of the state department go in such large numbers. how dare he! lol!5 minutes and you re outta here:of all the state department employees who might have been vulnerable in the staff reductions that secretary of state rex w. tillerson has initiated as he reshapes the department
"friday on fox news channel s  fox & friends
" i am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the fbi gave hillary clinton. rep. gaetz: ""i am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the fbi gave hillary clinton."" #ingrahamangle pic.twitter.com/ehkqfyewdk  fox news (@foxnews) november 22
"how dirty is this? the powers-that-be at the intelligence agencies didn t follow the proper channels before opening up spying on the trump campaign! they needed proof that the trump dossier is authentic but never received that proof. they moved forward with the spying anyway! what dirty rats these democrats are!fbi and justice department officials have told congressional investigators in recent days that they have not been able to verify or corroborate the substantive allegations of collusion between russia and the trump campaign outlined in the trump dossier.the fbi received the first installment of the dossier in july 2016. it received later installments as they were written at the height of the presidential campaign
"dem sherrod brown and gop senator orrin hatch go at it! they were discussing the tax plan and hatch let brown know he doesn t appreciate the class warfare propaganda the middle class wins with trump tax plan:the senate s plan to rewrite the tax code would go much further than a competing house proposal toward making good on republican promises to focus on the middle class
"the fbi informant who went undercover to look into hillary clinton s role in an obama administration-era uranium company was identified yesterday in an exclusive from reuters:william campbell
"one of the many targets of the opposition research firm fusion gps is accusing them of assisting the kremlin in its effort to have him  imprisoned and killed. the strong allegation comes from bill browder
"president trump spoke at the state banquet during his visit to japan. he told a hilarious story about first meeting japanese prime minister shinzo abe after the election. this was just one example of many from the asia trip where president trump succeeded in diplomacy and becoming closer to world leaders he visited. even though the biased media didn t cover the trip
"james kallstrom is the former assistant director of the fbi who is no fan of former fbi director james comey. we ve reported several times on kallstrom s very blunt take on the politicization of the intelligence community (see below). check out his awesome take on how comey  folded wow!kallstrom tells it like it is in his latest interview: james comey
"bill clinton went on the conan show and spewed bitterness towards president trump at one point
"the obama administration s well guarded osama bin laden documents were released on wednesday by cia director mike pompeo. the documents were seized in a raid after u.s. seal rob o neill killed osama bin laden. the obama administration basically politicized the intelligence agencies when they hand-picked just a few of the 470
"the intimidation tactics of mueller s fbi are way off base according to reports that claim mrs. manafort was  manhandled :just how rough special counsel robert mueller is playing with paul manafort goes back before this week s indictment   to the fbi s no-knock raid in july.it has been reported that the agents checked mr. manafort and wife kathleen for guns as they broke into the alexandria condo pre-dawn by picking the lock.a source familiar with the case told the washington times the search was even more intrusive: an agent patted down mrs. manafort before she was allowed to get out of bed. agents felt up mrs. manafort lying in bed to see if she had guns
"president trump called the tax plan a  beautiful christmas present :republican leaders announced their plan today that cuts taxes and shrinks the number of tax brackets:the tax plan released by house republicans would shrink the number of tax brackets from seven to four.the seven currently in effect for joint filers are:under the gop house proposal
"dc lawyer victoria toensing is one smart cookie. she s representing a former fbi informant who has evidence on kickbacks and bribery involving the transportation of uranium in the us. she recently told sean hannity her client will brief congress about russian involvement in the u.s. uranium market. this includes widespread bribery and actions that involved the clintons i m not going into detail
"president trump announced the release of the remaining jfk assassination files today. he s really trying to be transparent and release everything. we ve provided the link below to the national archives file but it may take more time to release the remaining files since he just announced a few hours ago.we re open to all possibilities with the jfk assassination. we would really like to know what our readers think about the information below. do you think it s a possibility that there were two shooters or is it just not possible?truepundit.com warns that one haunting paragraph unearthed from 3
"a former fbi informant who blew the whistle on a high-profile bribery case involving a russian energy company was intimidated by obama administration lawyers into dropping a civil suit against the government last year
"the news that a second man was able to sneak into the press gaggle inside the capitol building earlier this week is a huge red flag. with all of the hate and leftist extremists out there
"dnc chairman tom perez decided to create his own reality during a speech on tuesday. this is such a democrat thing they love to make up a false narrative and push it over and over to the sheeple who follow them. it s really pitiful that after so many months that all the democrats have is this lie the electoral college is a brilliant creation because it gives balance to voters would you want california and new york deciding our elections? that s what would happen without the electoral college. we bet that perez already knows this but is counting on the uneducated voters to buy into it .democratic national committee chairman tom perez incorrectly stated  the electoral college is not a creation of the constitution  during a tuesday night speech.(function(d
"this is huge! the doj has authorized the fbi informant to speak with congress concerning alleged corruption involving clintons & uranium one:breaking: doj authorizes fbi informant to speak with congress concerning alleged corruption involving clintons & uranium one. #maga #dts  lou dobbs (@loudobbs) october 25
"thank goodness! devin nunes just announced a probe into the uranium one deal that smells to high heaven of corruption and money laundering by the clintons and the obama administration:breaking: devin nunes announces probe into the #uraniumonedeal. pic.twitter.com/c7p9mvdtya  based monitored   (@basedmonitored) october 24
"the lawyer for the fbi informant under a gag order that prevents him from going before congress spoke out about what s to come with the clinton/russia uranium story:fox business reported: an informant for the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) is under a gag order that prevents him from testifying before the united states congress that russian nuclear officials were involved in fraudulent dealings in 2009 before the uranium one deal was approved.former attorney general loretta lynch blocked the informant from testifying last year and threatened criminal action against him if he were to do so.in an interview with fox business  lou dobbs
"oh the irony! left-leaning msnbc aired a segment about president trump s proposed border wall
"there s so much to know in order to understand just how bad the uranium one scandal is to what s happening now with the fake russia probe by comey. once you understand the connections and the details of it
"chris farrell is the judicial watch director of investigations who let it rip last night on the direction america is going in. lou dobbs got an earful from farrell who discussed the  paralyzed  justice department:farrell let it rip: it s really a giant socialist organ operating that protests itself. offense after offense and you find laws are for the little people. the clinton gang walks away. people say
"sean hannity was on fire with his opening comments on the clinton-uranium one deal bombshell last night. he ripped the clintons and called on trump s intelligence and law officials to investigate the scandal. it s a classic hannity rant:  after president trump won in november
" the fbi is out of control. it is stunning that the fbi  found  these clinton-lynch tarmac records only after we caught the agency hiding them in another lawsuit.    judicial watch tom fitton.fbi hid 30 documents related to clinton-lynch tarmac meeting.   real jack (@realjack) october 14
"florida has had its share of food stamp busts but south florida reached a fraud milestone for what the justice department called  the largest combined financial fraud loss for a food stamp trafficking takedown in history. red flags raised over names involved:that dubious new record
"just before the gunman began shooting
"this is so important! the transcript and video  below should be shared by everyone because the lying politicians and media are in full anti-trump mode right now.  a female police officer from puerto rico s police department in guaynabo called in to a u.s. spanish speaking radio station to tell listeners what is going on in puerto rico. the police woman is very upset
"a first-grader in florida must have been inspired by the anti-american jackwagons in the nfl. he refused to stand for the pledge of allegiance. he took a knee a la kaepernick. instead of tanning his hide
"after being shot 3 months ago (see below)
"rumors continue to swirl around west virginia senator joe manchin who told voters during a facebook live q & a that he thinks nfl owners should step in and tell players protesting during the national anthem they won t tolerate it. the democrat senator has been brushing off talk that he s switching parties to become a republican. he often agrees with the republican party and has recently commented that he doesn t  give a sh*t  if he s reelected. manchin came down on the side of the president in the nfl controversy and had some heartfelt comments about why he stands for our anthem. he called on the nfl owners to address the disrespect in kneeling during the anthem:senator joe manchin:  this is something the owners have to address. the owners of these football teams
"san antonio spurs coach gregg popovich is a total ass. there is no other way to say it! this jackwagon  claimed on espn2 s  the paul finebaum show  monday that  people have to be made to feel uncomfortable
"the dallas cowboys tried to have it both ways tonight at the start of the monday night football game. the team was joined by owner jerry jones as they knelt before the national anthem they stood with arms linked during the anthem. what do you think of this attempt to straddle the fence?crowd erupts in boos as owner jerry jones and entire dallas cowboys team kneel live on monday night football pic.twitter.com/zbkt3kmxyr  jack posobiec (@jackposobiec) september 26
 you better shut up’ [video]"
"no class and no decorum! the always bitter michelle obama told a salt lake city audience today that  we are looking at two different administrations. this is laughable:one
"hello jeff sessions! where is the doj s leader these days? something tells us the trump dossier will end up being the bombshell that exposes comey
"a speech for the ages was given today by president donald trump. he addressed the 72nd meeting of the united nations general assembly in new york for the first time in his presidency. the transcript is below.president trump: mr. secretary general
"president trump was right again! his campaign manager was wiretapped so he was possibly surveilled indirectly.the fbi s effort the second time the fisa warrant was issued is unconstitutional. the fake russian dossier was put forward to allow the door to be open for surveillance:boom: second wiretap on manafort could have been illegal b/c they obtained fisa request based on fake trump dossier that fbi payed 100k for! pic.twitter.com/degadgnm91   stock monster  (@stockmonsterusa) september 18
"maxine waters is one angry woman. she has gone non-stop with attacks on president trump since he was elected. speaking to the westchester-playa democratic club at an la church in april
" generally
"president trump just made an 11-year old boy s wish come true but the left is in a tizzy over it. frank giaccio wrote to the president offering to cut the white house lawn. he usually charges $8 dollars but offered to cut the grass at no charge lol! the president took him up on the offer! frank was seen mowing the lawn yesterday:a great moment but the left didn t think so. president trump was hammered on twitter for supposed child labor violations can you believe it? trump is bashed for this awesome moment of fun with a young american who is working hard to make money?here s more on what happened yesterday and just how great this was   no matter what the left says!the national park service might be out of a job keeping the white house grounds maintained. a 10-year-old boy named frank wrote president donald trump to offer his lawn mowing services  at no charge    and we all know the president loves a good deal. so frank mowed away this morning!president trump tweeted out: frank  fx  giaccio-on behalf of @flotus melania & myself
"the national park service might be out of a job keeping the white house grounds maintained. a 10-year-old boy named frank wrote president donald trump to offer his lawn mowing services  at no charge    and we all know the president loves a good deal. so frank mowed away this morning!president trump tweeted out: frank  fx  giaccio-on behalf of @flotus melania & myself
 not walls’ [video]"
president trump and first lady melania commemorate the 9-11 terror attacks at a ceremony this morning on the 16 anniversary of a day that would change america forever. the pentagon speech is below the white house videos.the full white house ceremony starts at the :26 mark:president trump gave a speech at the pentagon:a heartfelt moment of remembrance from president trump he spoke of what was a normal morning all over america that turned into horror for the nation. then  america was under attack it was the worst attack since pearl harbor 
"officials allegedly affiliated with the united states park police removed tents
"the man giving out sign language during governor scott s presser has caused a stir on social media. is this really sign language? his facial expressions are interesting what do you think?what sign language is this here pic.twitter.com/hp0dejaghy  jack posobiec   (@jackposobiec) september 9
"hurricane irma is moving a little west. the category 5 hurricane ready to hit florida is first a great danger to the florida keys on sunday. storm surge is expected to be 10-12 feet. please pray for the people of florida.irma hits the keys on sunday:meteorologists expect the powerful hurricane to hit the sunshine state between 5am and 7am et on sunday.  obviously hurricane irma continues to be a threat that is going to devastate the united states
"wilbur ross spoke with wapo about  true  tax reform he did a great job explaining his position on simplifying and cutting taxes. he said the w2 should be a  one pager . he believes it takes entirely too long for the average employee to do taxes we say amen to that!if congress doesn t get in the way
"the information below is almost like a satire piece from the onion. it s so funny that anyone could claim that ads are believed to have swayed the election.how about the fact that clinton was a horrible candidate? how about the fact that the american people are 100% fed up! with phony career politicians. the  report  from facebook was turned over to special counsel robert mueller. what a joke! this proves absolutely nothing!a whopping $100
"ohio governor john kasich: dreamers didn t choose to come here
 the media divides us’"
 bye! [video]"
"ny governor andrew cuomo made two shocking announcements regarding the christopher columbus statues and about his decision not to endorse ny mayor de blasio.during an appearance at the west indian day parade on monday
000 pillows to houston [video]"
"rebel media: attacking someone for their politics could be expected from private citizens acting out against each other
"what will he think of next? is kim jong-un is preparing his special forces for suicide parachute missions across the border on 70-year-old stalin era biplanes?footage has emerged of north korean paratroops jumping from the aged aircraft from very low levels in a show of force.the aircraft
 motherf*cker”"
"just days after the death of his own son in combat
"patriotism is alive and well at this florida school!coopergate school s facebook page has a statement on what two young patriots did: this is what respect looks like at coppergate. two of our safety patrols
"one woman s awful experience at the airport could soon be what we all go through to travel by air. this is the day of terrorism where islamists will do pretty much anything to hide explosives or a weapon so we now have to endure a very  intimate  examination in order to keep us all safe when flying. the new procedure was put in place a month ago-please see the specifics below.do you have a story to tell? we d like to hear it. here s jenna s story below:jenna macfarlane was on the way to visit a friend in baltimore in april when her carry-on bag triggered an alarm at charlotte s airport.a transportation security administration screener told macfarlane she would have to undergo a full-body pat-down by a female officer. late for her flight and with no option other than to be searched in private
" dirty jobs  host mike rowe went off on a guy who claimed rowe is a  white nationalist . the usual happy-go-lucky rowe was clearly ticked when he wrote back to chuck adkins.chuck adkins asked rowe:  one of the tenants of white nationalism is that college educated people are academic elitists. comment? no? i m not surprised. you never take a political stand because you don t want to alienate anybody. its bad for business. i get it. but there is a current of anti intellectualism in this country   promoted by republicans. those people love you
"oklahoma state rep. john bennett made a comment on facebook that was has since been removed after local muslims didn t see any moral equivalency between removing mosques after 9/11 and removing confederate statues. everyone freaked out about his comment even the governor of oklahoma. we d like to know what you think see below for more info on this patriot!oklahoma city   a facebook post by an oklahoma lawmaker is receiving a lot of attention after the post suggested removing mosques from america.the post by rep. john bennett suggests that if confederate monuments are being removed because of the civil war
 massive scandal”"
"the news that the forecast for the third quarter gdp is set to  expand  to 4.0 will be bad news for the democrats who are trying to take down president trump. it will be ignored by the mainstream media who are focused on statues and protests.this should be great news for trump s economic team of brilliant and successful businessmen but even greater news for all americans!  maga!reuters reported:  the u.s. economy is on track to expand at a 4.0 percent annualized pace in the third quarter with inventory investment contributing 1.12 percentage points to growth
"it is becoming increasingly difficult to separate leftists from islamic terrorists as both destroy monuments
"and once again
"the purge continues the nyc mayor has just opened a can of worms so big that it ll be hard to control it. he wants to review  all symbols of hate  on city property then leave it to his panel of  experts  to decide what stays and what goes. this should be interesting. isn t this subjective? someone might think one thing is a symbol of hate but not another. where does this purging end?mayor de blasio said late wednesday that the city will conduct a 90-day review of  all symbols of hate on city property  in the wake of violence sparked by white supremacist groups in charlottesville
 the guillotines? [video]"
"george soros is trying his best to destroy america! he is ramping up his efforts now! james woods said it best when he tweeted that soros would be happy with what happened in charlottesville: attorney general jeff sessions released a statement that there would be an investigation into what happened in charlottesville. we re hoping sessions digs deep! if ag jeff sessions doesn t dig deep asap to uncover soros  involvement in antifa and blm
"following the situation in charlottesville
"pro-trump supporters have known the truth for a long time that conservatives are being attacked. do you have any idea of the number of attacks? you might be shocked to see the list created by the daily caller.we feel like it s even more important to know who s behind the effort to attack and silence conservatives in america. there are groups like moveon.org and black lives matter that have been instigating violence in a big way. antifa is the worst with their tactics of extreme violence and destruction.just as destructive as the violence is the left s effort to hijack the narrative anytime something happens between both sides. it s an alinsky tactic that the left has been using long before president trump came on the scene. the only difference now is that they re on overdrive with the attacks on trump! it s downright scary!take the the huffington post s recent article calling for the execution of trump and  everyone assisting his agenda. if you ve noticed a hijacking of the narrative on just about everything to do with president trump then look no further than the attack on his comments yesterday. trump s words were twisted
"alert! alinsky tactics at work here! remember  pick a target? well
 ice over arrests of illegal alien teen gangs: “that was play-fighting”"
"great news! southern methodist university in texas has reversed its decision to relocate an annual 9/11 memorial display made up of nearly 3
"great news! a federal judge just ordered the state department to make another attempt at locating hillary clinton s missing emails about the 2012 benghazi terrorist attack. the interesting thing is that the judge is an obama appointee who ruled with judicial watch. didn t do enough .u.s. district court judge amit mehta ruled tuesday that the state department did not do enough to  track down messages clinton may have sent about the assault on the u.s. diplomatic compound on sept. 11
"it s one thing to have the media constantly painting police officers in a bad light on a near daily basis. but it s entirely another thing to have civilians discriminating against them on completely illegitimate grounds. this is exactly what happened this week when jim chambers
"it s always a win-win when you can find a hobby you enjoy
"there is no debating the fact that tensions between the united states and north korea have reached a boiling point. but what s still being continuously debated is how to handle these tensions.president trump threatened to use  fire and fury  against north korea after it was revealed that north korea successfully created a miniaturized nuclear weapon designed to fit inside its missiles. in an interview with nbc s tim russert in 1999
"it s probably not the wisest decision to argue with dr. sebastian gorka about the use of the phrase  radical islamic terrorism    especially if you have absolutely no idea what you re talking about in the first place.dr. sebastian gorka defended the trump administration s use of the phrase  radical islamic terrorism  in an appearance on msnbc tuesday. we will call it  radical islamic terrorism. we will target the ideology
"over 1 million people have dropped off of the food stamp lists great news!the surprising group that dropped off is illegals yes
"we love this guy! factory worker keith ketzler: for eight horrible years i heard
"after his reelection in 2012 obama removed the bidding process from section 8 housing. obama then schemed to provide hud initiated grants to their  pet  organizations. after lawsuits and ultimately with the supreme court rebuking the grant-style process
"adam kredo of wfb asks the question we all want the answer to:  the fact that this information subsequently leaked to the press
"soooo the irs lied to americans to  prod  them to comply and sign up for obamacare. they lied about the cost of obamacare. does anyone see the criminality in this? it s a classic bait and switch but by our government! the obama administration  misled  americans into thinking signing up for obamacare would be cheaper than it really was
"the left can t take the great jobs report away from president trump! he s delivering bigtime when it comes to jobs and growth! this is what americans really care about!excellent jobs numbers just released   and i have only just begun. many job stifling regulations continue to fall. movement back to usa!  donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) august 4
"every american should read and share this brilliant article.so
"gregg jarrett says mueller must resign after his latest new hire for the panel of lawyers. the entire panel is biased. in addition
 she still has clearance"
"have you ever heard of the  bamboo ceiling ? the term was used when referring to the harvard quotas against asian students. did you know that asian students are harmed by racial quotas in college admissions like no other group? affirmative action was supposed to help promote equality in college admissions but is having the opposite effect by discriminating against asian students in a big way! it s why one large asian group has come out in favor of trump s doj in their effort to stop discrimination against asian students and others in the current  race-based college admissions policies .one asian-american legal group is pleased with the announcement that the department of justice might examine affirmative action
"the shocker about this is that students on both sides of the political spectrum want the 9/11 flags to be displayed where they ve always been displayed. the inability of college campuses to stand up to people who are perpetually offended is a sad statement on where we are in american tolerance these days. it s so ironic that the left wants you to march to their drum beat or else they will destroy you. note to smu: you had a good thing going with your student body coming together to memorialize 9/11 so let it continue!dallas
"what the heck is going on? why is the media
"we reported last week on the wisconsin company that is the first in the us to have a microchip program. please see our previous report after the update below.three square market has received international attention since it announced the voluntary microchip program
"judge napolitano had this to say about the dnc s muslim it worker:  he was arrested for some financial crime. that s the tip of the iceberg. the real crime against him was that he had contact
"do you just want to wring this guy s neck for claiming that obamacare  isn t hurting people ? it s obvious this democrat hasn t been out of the beltway in years he s another lying politician because in the video below this one he claims that  premiums and deductibles are going up how is that not hurting people?please enlighten senator van hollen on the nightmare of obamacare! here s his contact information:senator chris van hollenvan hollen twittervan hollen facebookplease contact this clueless senator at any of the links above!van hollen is a flip flopper! he says in the video below at the :30 point that premiums and deductibles were rising how does that not hurt people???van hollen responds to camerota s question of whether obamacare is hurting people:  let s start with that question the president poses one more time
"the old guard democrats brought on the full court press: former vice president joe biden personally lobbied sen. john mccain before the senator cast the crucial vote to take down a republican attempt to repeal the obamacare
"bernie sanders should know his socialized medicine but in an exchange on sunday he failed when he was pressed to explain why a single-payer health care system was rejected in vermont and california
"nj governor chris christie was being heckled during a baseball game at miller park. he lost it and got in the face of a chicago cubs fan and said  yeah
"president trump tweeted that he was considering removing bailouts and forcing congress to pay for their health insurance at the same rates as the rest of the country. below
"a california farmer fined $2.8 million for plowing through vernal pools protected by the clean water act without a permit is appealing to the trump administration for help
"sometimes
"sara carter of circa news is a very trusted source who goes deep like no other journalist we know. carter is reporting that national security advisor
"when was the last time being loyal to your boss was a negative
"during congressional testimony
"on thursday
"it s clear that some republicans never wanted obamacare to die susan collins of maine
"lt. col. tony shaffer opened a can of worms tonight when he said that the awan brothers sent sensitive intel to the muslim brotherhood as if this case couldn t get more bizarre! previous update on this bizarre case: dem rep. debbie wasserman-schultz pakistani it staffer imran awan was arrested at dulles airport while trying to flee the united states. get the back story from maria bartiromo:  how is it possible that 3 brothers are hired
"it s great to have a president who appreciates our special agents and police officers! trump honored the police officers and special agents who took down the lunatic who shot steve scalise last month during a baseball practice for a charity game:remember the horrible day that the lunatic opened fire trying to kill republicans?here s our report on the shooting:rep. steve scalise was shot wednesday morning in alexandria
"yes
"the trend of young muslim men targeting and attacking white non-muslims continues world wide. a group of three muslim men attacked strangers at the liverpool city center because they were white  non-muslims.  one witness feared the men were isis terrorists because they were using  racist language
"the shocking revelations just keep on coming in this dnc it case. the main stream media refuses to jump in on this hot story because it leads to damaging information against the democrats. several muslim brotherhood connected people worked for the dnc and had access to the sensitive information from congress:it appears the it staffer had access to rep. pelosi s ipad:wikileaks has released the email below where it looks like imran has access to nancy pelosi s ipad! pelosi is doing closed door meeting. no staff or anyone allowed. kaitlyn come to rayburn room and get her ipad for imran. thanks.tracie and kate i will call kate. conf in tracierosalyn kumar rep. wasserman schultzthe bottom line in this case is that red flags were everywhere so why hasn t anyone blown this case wide open?some things stand out that should be looked at:awan smashed his hard drives in an effort to destroy them.awan and his relatives were paid large amounts of money ($4 million) over a decade but they declared bankruptcy in 2012.awan and his brothers are connected to the muslim brotherhooddebbie wasserman schultz threatened the capitol police  by saying there would be  consequences  if they didn t give a computer back that was being kept as part of the investigation:fraud charge: awan is accused of attempting to defraud the congressional federal credit union by obtaining a $165
"apparently breaking the law and scamming the government is excusable if you can conveniently blame discrimination. and when the media is ignoring your illegal activity
"a fly on the wall? more like a spy on the floor of your home. it turns out that your dog isn t the only one who should be weary of your roomba. this popular home cleaning device has been mapping homes using a camera and sensors since 2015 in order to maximize efficiency. however
"you would think charlotte is lost to the liberals there are lefty democrats living there who don t understand that they don t get to decide who is involved in local government the voters do! dimple ajmera decided to characterize president trump as divisive but it s ironic that she is the one who s dividing people. after her nasty remarks about trump
 senator john mccain returns to deliver stunning speech [video]"
"it s bad enough that democrat senators are speaking this way but rino susan collins didn t even defend her fellow senator! she took it to a new low. you can hear the harsh comments at the 1:30 point:sen. jack reed (d.
"massachusetts is now a sanctuary state! the massachusetts supreme court just ruled that illegals are to be released and not held under federal law. this puts all americans at risk! tucker carlson previously interviewed a state rep. who supports subverting federal law. please listen to the skewed reasoning for not following federal law:in a ruling hailed by civil liberties advocates that ends a longstanding immigration enforcement practice
"nice threat to potus:  the intelligence community will continue to convey truth to power even if power doesn t necessarily listen.  this entire video is disturbing but eye opening. they feel threatened by trump and this is clearly an effort to hurt president trump. this coming from two men who ok d spying on americans and who lied under oath:how convenient that cnn s wolf blitzer is the host for this bashfest of the current administration under president trump. how ironic is it that two men who lied under oath are speaking  truth  to power fyi: john brennan literally voted for the communist party in the 1970s during the height of the cold war now they re lecturing us about russia.these two men define the deep state this talk was really all about creating doubt on trump and to defend themselves post obama. can you imagine if the tables were turned and this vitriol was directed at obama? shameful!all you have to do is listen to clapper lie before congress and you know he has zero credibility to speak:remember the famous moment when us national intelligence chief james clapper was testifying about the nsa surveillance of americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. of course
 i’m going to fire everybody.” [video]"
this is spot on! ned ryun joined tucker carlson to discuss the latest leak regarding ag jeff sessions. do we even have evidence that the source is in fact telling the truth? wapo went ahead and reported it anyway. ryun s right when he discusses the deep state and mueller subverting the will of the american voter: is dangerous territory and is so harmful to our president and his agenda. tucker carlson had more to say on this:  what are these transactions? basically any commercial activity that trump or his family and associates conducted over the last decade that might pertain to russia or anyone who has ever lived in russia. let s be clear about the politics here. this is a massive threat to the white house. a determined prosecutor can prove almost anything he wants. a prosecutor with no time limit or budget or accountability to voters? there is nobody more dangerous than that. the investigation has been slammed by very reputable lawyers who happen to be democrats! this needs to end asap!
"the center for immigration studies is a great resource for all the facts on illegals and taxpayer dollars. patty and i were lucky enough to attend a two-day workshop with them in dc. the main fact that stuck with us is that the current immigration system is unsustainable they used facts and figures to lay out the truth for us and it was frightening! this is why it is even more frightening that the feds are still giving preferential treatment to illegals when it comes to snap.cis s david north gives us the low down:it s been six months since donald trump took office
"in an  impromptu  white house presser during president trump s lunch with vice president pence
"president trump was sporting a commemorative stetson hat today when he introduced the  made in america  week starting with omaha steaks. he has a great one-liner  in the video below this one about opening the beef trade again with china:  the gentleman who was in charge of omaha beef. they do beef. he hugged me and he wanted to kiss me so badly. opening remarks:president trump says omaha steaks ceo  wanted to kiss me so badly  for opening beef trade in china   nbc politics (@nbcpolitics) july 17
"democrat alan dershowitz dismissed a major argument democrats have been making against donald trump jr.
"jpmorgan chase ceo jamie dimon went on a rant about the dysfunction in dc during the company s earnings conference call friday: the u.s. has become  one of the most bureaucratic
 she’s raping the taxpayers!"
"although obama had 3 years to take action to fix the flint water problem
"mark steyn joined tucker carlson tonight to discuss the threat from cnn to the guy who made the video of president trump wrestling with the cnn logo (see below)  wolf blitzer has put a horse s head in some guy s bed    mark steynour previous reports on the cnn extortion: the hosts of  new day  dug a deeper hole for cnn on wednesday when they said that the network would not identify the reddit user behind the viral video of president trump wrestling a man with cnn s logo imposed over his face because he apologized. cnn had previously written that it had decided not to publicly identify the man because he was a private citizen who showed remorse
"the media has ignored the case of muslim brotherhood connected brothers who hacked the dnc and now it s looking like they worked their magic to make millions disappear! they had access to the congressional it system! can you believe that? maria bartiromo couldn t believe it when this first broke:a pakistani family under criminal investigation by the u.s. capitol police (see our previous report below) for abusing their access to the house of representatives information technology (it) system may have engaged in myriad other questionable schemes besides allegedly placing  ghost employees  on the congressional payroll.imran awan
"the president and first lady touched down in warsaw
"former navy seal and gop rep. scott taylor
 millennials and ‘black lives matter’ morons decided to celebrate the 4th of july?"
"filmmaker dinesh d souza s eight things i love about america!  to make us love our country
" are there any trump donors on the team? great question by tom fitton! judicial watch president tom fitton joined fox news to explain mueller s latest hire of andrew goldstein
"meanwhile
 harry!” crowd yells military hero’s name during president trump’s incredible speech to veterans [video]"
"john podesta is the guardian of the clintons just like valerie jarrett was for the obamas.  he was instrumental during the 2016 election as the clinton campaign chair and was exposed when the wikileaks hack happened. he was just interviewed by the house intel committee regarding the russia scam and was asked about it in the heated debate below: podesta is not just the former chairman of the hillary clinton s presidential campaign
"deputy assistant to the president sebastian gorka warned syrian president bashar assad after evidence arose earlier this week that the assad regime could be planning another chemical weapons attack on its people. gorka says
 not trump
"tennessee lawmakers have something to say to their counterparts in california and it s perfect! we could love this more tennessee hits back at the loony state that banned all state travel to places that they think don t have the right policy in place. the response is epic: whereas
116
 watching democrats ‘railroad their president’…only one republican is defending trump [video]"
"president trump s remarks today in miami include a total change from the obama policy another campaign promise fulfilled:  i am canceling the last administration s completely one-sided deal with cuba. we will not lift sanctions on the cuban regime until all political prisoners are free we will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer
" ripple wrote out his demand note in front of his wife   and told her he d rather be in jail than at home
 bleed
"virginia governor terry mcauliffe decided to get political today when he spoke out during the presser for the virginia shooting of congressman steve scalise. leave it to a political hack like mcauliffe to bring gun control into the discussion:  there are too many guns on the street. we lose 93 million americans a day to gun violence. confusion: va gov. terry mcauliffe:  there are too many guns on the street. we lose 93 million americans a day to gun violence.  pic.twitter.com/36eupl4jsb  josh caplan (@joshdcaplan) june 14
"the shooter at the congressional baseball practice has been identified. his name is james hodgkinson the 66-year old white male from illinois is a bernie sanders supporter. his facebook and twitter accounts are full of anti-trump/pro-bernie sanders posts and pictures:update: president trump just announced that hodgkinson has died from his injuries. his facebook page and twitter have been inundated with angry conservatives who are so sick of the vile and hateful rhetoric from the left. he s a huge leftist who clearly hastes president trump calling him a  traitor  on facebook:this man clearly represents trump derangement syndrome the left is still so angry that trump was elected. it s sick and twisted!from the shooter s facebook page:we just reported last weekend on protests across the country that got violent and even saw antifa attacking a police horse with a weapon:a  female  antifa member was arrested after using a flag pole w/ a silver nail at the end to stab a police horse in the neck during a riot. pic.twitter.com/ybmthryudn  /pol/ news forever (@polnewsforever) june 12
"we love his style! secretary of state rex tillerson slammed a comment from former vice president joe biden about how budgets reflect priorities:  don t tell me what you value; show me your budget and i ll tell you what you value
"hakeem jeffries just exposed his trump derangement on the house floor. his hate for president trump is so offensive and inappropriate. he s the definition of a jacka$$:  we re wondering why were so many people who worship at the altar of white supremacy drawn to donald trump s campaign? racist and wrong of this man who says trump voters are  dripping in hatred unreal!during a speech on the house floor on monday
"former ag mukasey went there during two morning show appearances today. he told bill hemmer he sees no crime in the russia probe then told maria bartiromo of fox business (video below) that obama may be guilty of obstruction in the investigation into hillary s email: president obama s statement that he thought she shouldn t be charged because she didn t intend to violate the law is the real clinton obstruction because that is a statement by him that this is the way i want that investigation to come out a take on the matter
"senator john mccain took another swipe at president trump.  he claimed that american leadership was stronger under obama. the senator has been attacking trump non-stop making people wonder what in the world is wrong with him. president trump has only been in office 5 months!the hill had this to say about mccain s feelings on trump s leadership:sen. john mccain (r-ariz.) said american leadership was stronger under president trump s predecessor
"president trump on overregulation:  they spent $29 million for an environmental report weighing 70 lbs. and costing $24
"appearing on msnbc s  morning joe
"members of a congressional committee ripped obama and his attorney general for covering up an investigation into the death of border patrol agent brian terry. terry was killed as a result of a botched government gun-running project known as operation fast and furious:the house oversight committee also wednesday released a scathing
"a columbia university professor from brooklyn went into hiding thursday after pal james comey revealed during his senate testimony that the man leaked memos detailing the former fbi chief s conversations with president trump to the press.but richman had vanished from his henry street digs by midday
"texas democrat rep. al green announced on wednesday he would draw up articles of impeachment against president donald trump. this is the second time he s done this he s obviously got trump derangement syndrome!two delusional democrats can t let this go   trump derangement syndrome!now there are two: rep. brad sherman joins rep. al green in call to impeach trump  pic.twitter.com/bhxq7ldpuq  mediaite (@mediaite) june 7
"sen. richard burr (r.
"president trump has nominated christopher wray to be the new director of the fbi. the president announced the pick in a tweet wednesday:  i will be nominating christopher a. wray
"rude
"food stamp use has miraculously gone down in several states! it s a miracle! in 13 alabama counties
"we ve moved from machetes to hammers? how low can you go? these terrorists are using any means necessary to harm people.it s come to this: photo of visitors locked inside notre-dame cathedral in paris following reports man attempted to attack officer with a hammer. pic.twitter.com/3gnpk2sn6k  josh caplan (@joshdcaplan) june 6
 they didn’t know what the hell they were doing.” [video]"
"president trump and first lady melania trump attended the ford s theatre gala tonight. president trump vowed to protect america from terror:  we renew our resolve
"why let this guy out ever! he was let out on bond even though there was discussion of concern since he s a  world traveler with tax payer dollars! this guy made millions off of fraudulently scamming the ss disability system. he inadvertently called attention to the need for this program to be totally overhauled:the scandal prompted the federal government to review the eligibility of about 1
"if clinton and lynch just talked about grandkids then why is this such a top secret transcript? this is troubling because it portends to what we ve known all along bill clinton was meeting with lynch to fight hillary s battle. they won t reveal it because it would implicate so many people in government are we right?a citizen researcher from florida is attempting to have the recording of the infamous bill clinton/loretta lynch tarmac tape released to the public
"after president trump pulled out of the paris accord
"the word  nothing-burger  has been tossed around so much lately but it s best used in referring to what the paris accord would do to change the climate. it would do nearly nothing! if you heard president trump s speech yesterday then you know this was one of the huge points within his remarks. the cost/benefit was so out of line and so unfair for america! it s safe to say that how much the accord would change climate is a nothing burger but the total loss to america would be huge!here s a list from breitbart news of the things you can say goodbye to now that our awesome president has removed us from the paris accord:goodbye to  american last.  the paris agreement was basically an attempt to halt climate change on the honor system. its only legal requirements were for signatories to announce goals and report progress
"commerce secretary wilbur ross is one smart man when it comes to making an economic argument against the paris accord. he appeared on neil cavuto right before president trump spoke and brilliantly discussed why we need to get out of this boondoggle that will drain america of trillions of dollars. we re so lucky he s our commerce secretary! he s apolitical and strictly looking at what s best for america financially.background on the awesome wilbur ross and steve mnuchin: i did this because i believed in him    steve mnuchinisn t that all you need to know about the private sector picks for commerce and treasury? steve mnuchin is stepping up because he wants to help donald trump make america great again. fantastic!billionaire investor wilbur ross was picked for commerce secretary. does he need a boss? no! he s also doing this for all the right reasons!these two men are brilliant picks and have said they will coordinate and work to bring america roaring back.  private sector nominees for these two positions couldn t be better! no more bureaucrats!they both want responsible tax cuts and want trade to be front and center hedge fund manager steve mnuchin said this morning that president-elect donald trump had selected him to lead treasury mnuchin told cnbc.mnuchin spent 17 years working at goldman sachs
"fox news is announcing that president trump believes the paris accord is a  bad deal  and wants to jeep his promise to put americans first. we say amen to that! this is another mess obama got us into that president trump has to get us out of! the statement from the president will be any moment:this is a global redistribution of wealth and will hurt americans!our past report on this accord: john kerry and al gore are jubilant that we ve struck a deal (sort of) to limit carbon emissions what a couple of jokesters these guys are. it s really embarrassing that all these important people came together to discuss the weather and not our most pressing topic of what to do about terrorism. this is what happens when you let the liberals rule unicorns and rainbows:john kerry told fellow negotiators
"finally! remember when senator lyndsey graham said he s  very disappointed  but said
"all we re hearing from the left is fear mongering about president trump s budget. we love what welfare to work is coming back after obama stripped it out of requirements to receive benefits. food stamp enrollment exploded during obama s 8 years in office to be 44 million recipients.the american taxpayers are footing the bill for those who take advantage of the system. here s the truth about what the trump administration has proposed for food stamps:work requirements: in reality
"this is in such poor judgement by the teachers of this school. you have to wonder what they were thinking!a number of teachers in a texas school district are being disciplined after naming a student  most likely to become a terrorist. lizeth villanueva
president trump met for the first time with members of nato and scolded them for not paying their  fair share : members of the alliance must finally contribute their fair share and meet their financial obligations. twenty-three of the 28 member nations are still not paying what they should be paying and what they are supposed to be paying for their defense. this is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the united states.  was true trump style with his blunt speech telling them to pay up.
"president trump arrived  like a boss  to check out what s going on at the nato headquarters. they just spent big bucks on a new headquarters   trump s probably wondering why they didn t use that money more wisely:nato leaders have arranged an itinerary to appeal to the former real estate magnate: a ribbon-cutting of the alliance s glassy new headquarters
"the reason the state department is hiding payments to the 9 agencies that resettle refugees is because it s so much money. they know if you know how much money is spent that americans will be even more outraged by the thousands of mostly muslim refugees being shipped in quietly to america.if you re not familiar with the refugee resettlement scam that costs billions
"mick mulvaney is one smart cookie. he s doing a fantastic job cutting where cuts need to be made. congress will complain about any cut to their voter base s favorite item. listen to the grandstanding from jackson-lee on cuts to medicaid:  they are begging for their medicaid the grandstanding is so sickening!it went downhill from there. jackson-lee wanted to try and make mulvaney out to be an uncaring guy. she s a total bully!he s one smart cooke! mulvaney just gave details of the budget cuts in a fantastic press conference. we highly recommend the entire video below: office of management and budgets (omb) director mick mulvaney outlines the structure
"wow! this is fantastic! we highly recommend the entire video: office of management and budgets (omb) director mick mulvaney outlines the structure
"trey gowdy asked a pointed question of former cia director brennan:  did you have evidence of a connection between the trump campaign and russian state actors?  brennan replied:  as i said
"ex-cia chief john brennan testified today before the house today and dropped a bomb of truth that president trump didn t pressure the intelligence community to drop the flynn investigation: adam schiff:  with respect to the allegations made recently that the president or his aides may have sought to enlist the member of the ic or director comey himself to drop the flynn investigation
"president trump is scheduled to deliver a historic speech in riyadh
"deputy attorney general rod rosenstein doubled down today when he told congress he stands by a memo he wrote that the white house has cited as a justification for the firing last week of fbi director james comey.in closed-door meetings with lawmakers on thursday and friday
"senator lindsey graham:  i have reason to believe dnc
"this is one of the best accounts we ve seen of who really committed a crime in all of this craziness. judge napolitano is dead on with his assessment of the unmasking for political reasons: were senators under surveillance by obama administration? rand paul and other senators were under surveillance for political purposes according to senator paul. the unmasking using the name that was unmasked for political reasons is a felony. the principal unmasker is susan rice so susan rice needs to be dealt with. did she unmask illegally and for political purposes?senator rand paul talks about fbi director james comey being fired by president donald trump. paul believes comey should have been fired a long time ago for some major missteps during his tenure including the terrorist attack in orlando
deep state is trying to take down a president   it needs to stop   dennis kucinich goes there and tells sean hannity that the deep state is trying to destroy america as we know it. this man is a democrat who is brave enough to speak out!  you have a politicization of the agencies. that is resulting in leaks from anonymous unknown people and the intention is to take down a president.this is very dangerous to america.it is a threat to our republic. it constitutes a clear and present danger to our way of life.what is the motive of these people? who s putting these leaks out? why isn t somebody coming forward to make that charge and put their name and their reputation behind it instead of attacking through the media and not substantiating their position? 
"president trump just put this to bed! the leakers are hopefully going to be exposed now (see statement below) that the doj has appointed former fbi director robert mueller iii as special counsel to its investigation into possible russian interference in our presidential election. the wall street journal reported:deputy attorney general rod rosenstein announced the appointment because attorney general jeff sessions recused himself from any investigation related to the 2016 race. mr. rosenstein said in a statement that  i determined that it is in the public interest for me to exercise my authority and appoint a special counsel to assume responsibility of this matter.  he cautioned that his decision wasn t the result of a  finding that crimes have been committed or that any prosecution is warranted. he signed the order on wednesday. mr. mueller
"legal expert jonathan turley listened as joe scarborough laid out a lengthy timeline to make a case of obstruction on president trump. his response is awesome and very precise in its reasons for not recommending obstruction charges. turley is a democrat but is a very fair legal expert who rules according to the law how refreshing! while the left freaks out about nothing
"a navy seal carl higbie was blasted and screeched at by a cnn anchor who was shocked that higbie asked for more evidence and truth in the trump controversy. yikes! she s got snowflake written all over her. it s just how the left rolls you have to march in lock-step with what they believe to be true even if it s not true. just go with it
"sean hannity and tucker carlson went after the deep state with commentary on who they believe is trying to harm trump: five entities in government and the media are trying to cripple the trump administration. the leaks are also putting our national security at risk. this is not just fun and games politics anymore. this is the deep state at war with a sitting president!the destroy trump propaganda media
"former cia analyst and retired u.s. army reserve lieutenant colonel tony shaffer told lou dobbs on tuesday president trump needs to understand deep state has declared war against his administration.   he needs to fire top two levels in intelligence to clean house.the deep state:never in american history has there been a more highly organized group of people
"rod wheeler was on hannity last night with startling information on the seth rich murder mystery. he spoke about the mystery of why they can t locate the computer rich used. they went on to discuss clues in the case that point to collusion between the dc police and the dnc. the most shocking information comes at the 4:20 mark when wheeler says this:rod wheeler:  here s one other thing that is going to be startling i m just gonna say this right now. i reached out to the police department way back in march when the family first hired me right..to get involved. i didn t hear anything from the police department for 2-3 days.guess what i learned yesterday from the family of seth rich? the police department did not call me back because someone
"the glowing review we gave to miss usa kara mccullough must be revoked bummer!she was our hero when she defended liberty from the liberals who believe healthcare is not a right but a privilege. liberals wasted no time exploding in rage
"spewing falsehoods has become the favorite pastime of democrats it s really pitiful to watch  last night
"the national security advisor held a press conference to reconfirm that the washington post article is fake news.it s most disturbing that there are leaks within the white house after meetings with foreign dignitaries. undermining the credibility of the president is happening daily and is not good! hopefully
"tucker takes on the co-director of popular resistance
"the washington post just got called out big time on a fake story they published this is a screenshot of the article:the big lie from washington post: president trump revealed highly classified information to the russian foreign minister and ambassador in a white house meeting last week
"what not to do is pretty much everything this nutjob did:1. do not angrily confront anyone with children in tow franklin claims to be terrified of these men and yet she aggressively confronts them and films them while hurling insults at them. she thinks they are  racists  and people who support  hate symbols
judge napolitano spoke out today about the  unmasking  of people in government by obama. he began to discuss allegations senator rand paul and another senator were under surveillance by the obama administration but dropped a bomb on the obama administration spying on the us supreme court.judge napolitano: justice scalia told me that he often thought the court was being surveilled. and he told me that probably four or five years ago if they had to unmask senator paul s name to reveal a conversation he was having with a foreign agent and the foreign agent was hostile to the united states they can do that. that s not what he s talking about. they re talking about unmasking him when he s having a conversation with his campaign manager when he s running in the republican primary.during the discussion judge napolitano also said barack obama could be subpoenaed to testify if he viewed the unmasked intelligence.
"north korea said on monday it had successfully conducted a newly developed mid-to-long range missile test on sunday
"stunning! former us pres. obama was at the international summit of food innovation in milan. may 9. 2017 it s called seeds and chips but should be called the basics of communism by barack obamayou might not want to listen to the entire video but it is truly stunning to listen to the elitist globalist vision for controlling the masses. this is where we re heading if the people don t recognize this and rise up to fight it. this is why the left hates trump! the shadow government wants control and will do everything it can to continue ruling. obama and his cronies are dangerous to us all. we hope you ll listen to the entire video or at least the point beginning with 44:36:please go to the 44:36 point of the video: obama speaks and then notice the clapping after his comments   these elitist lefties are nutso!obama praising the inherent value of communism: this is a much bigger concern in the economy as a whole. and my guess is that ultimately what is going to happen is that everybody is going to have to work less and we re going to have to spread work more.but that is going to require a reorganization of the social compact. that requires we change our mindset about the link between work
"four candidates for fbi director are being interviewed today. it looks like president trump is going for candidates who are apolitical. john cornyn would be the only exception to the group interviewing. why the texas republican senator?the remaining three are:alice fisher -lawyermichael garcia   judgeandrew mccabe   assistant fbi director (acting director)we re hoping the assistant fbi director is being granted an interview out of courtesy and appearances. he should be fired!mccabe is under investigation and is a huge clinton crony! the list of reasons not to give him the job are a mile long!a few of our past reports on mccabe:republican turns tables on fbi: deputy director on the hot seat nowbreaking: crooked va governor
"fbi agents are coming forward now to voice their frustrations and concerns about fbi director james comey s inept policing of the fbi. specifically
" those of us in the swamp knew who the alligators were in the swamp    former justice department official victoria toensingvictoria toensing and her husband joe digenova are two well respected lawyers in dc. because of their closeness to the intel community
"russian president vladimir putin got sassy with the press when he was approached by a reporter and asked about comey: what do we have to do with it? i m off to play hockey with my fans    putin s answer when asked how comey s firing will affect russia priceless!hahaha #putin reacts to #comeyfiring what do we have to do with it? i m off to play hockey with my fans #russiainvestigation pic.twitter.com/jlee6qw8uu  trump anomaly  (@anomaly1) may 10
"this is so sad and such a lesson for the world venezuela is tumbling into chaos and violence because of the collapse of their socialist government. riots and tear gas are daily occurrences now a lone young man was filmed playing the violin right in the middle of a riot where tear gas was being thrown in the foreground. this is the definition of surreal the sound of a sole violin pierces the air. a young man
"kellyanne conway went at it with anderson cooper and came out on top when she basically schooled cooper on the chain of command in government. the facts make no sense to him because he s in denial. conway said trump s decision to fire james comey had nothing to do with the fbi s investigation into russian interference in the presidential election. she goes on to explain to cooper that the letter recommending that comey be fired was sent to president trump. was trump supposed to then deny the assistant attorney general s decision? it s good to note that the assistant ag was just confirmed by over 90% of the senate. he s a bipartisan choice and a well respected man who came into his position under ag jeff sessions just two weeks ago. the letter sent to trump summarized the numerous things that prove the case for the recommendation of firing comey. trump did not do this alone but you have the fake news media beating the russia
tucker carlson spoke out tonight on the firing of comey he listed different times that comey was inept or undermined the president. clip after clip showed comey s inability to keep politics out of the fbi note the investigation into hillary clinton.carlson says the firing was  long overdue  and that no one should have that much power .
white house press secretary sean spicer appeared on lou dobbs tonight to give the first set of explanatory points around the president s decision to fire fbi director james comey:
"wow! this is clearly something the white house prepared for because they had a packet of information available for the press to look over.deputy ag rosentein sent out an email with information regarding comey s gaffes. then this the white house released a statement confirming the dismissal of fbi director james comey:all we can say about this is   it s about time!comey had 7 years left in his 10 year tenure at the fbi.ag jeff sessions recommended this firing the white house announced tuesday afternoon that fbi director james comey was fired. today
"former acting attorney general sally yates was grilled about her refusal to defend the president s travel executive order she made huge mistake by assuming what trump said during the campaign could be admissible in court it can t!in a hearing centered on russian interference in the election
"joe  rambo  biggs and david rodriguez videotaped themselves crossing back and forth from the us to mexico. it s shocking to see just how open our southern border is with mexico!this is how easy it is to cross our southern border   joe biggs (@rambobiggs) may 8
"what next? under a sacramento
"brian mast scorched the democrats for their lying about the health care bill:  i too am a person with preexisting conditions and i believe it s not something i should just do but a responsibility for me to be the staunchest advocate for people out there who have preexisting conditions. and that is why i m such an ardent supporter of this bill. i think every american and every person out there with preexisting conditions should be asking themselves
"we can t say enough great things about this dad! he confronted his child s school board to speak against the school teaching islam. we ned more dads like this one to speak up against the very active push to teach islam in schools.this is disturbing for all parents. cair has taken it upon themselves to claim that they need to fight  islamophobia . they see this as a problem but we see this as a shady way to have islam taught in schools . we see what they re doing but the bleeding heart liberals in san diego are just passively accepting this propaganda:janet levy of american thinker: if allowed to stand
"what s all the fuss about if there s no there
"did you catch that?  information accidentally collected i think it is alarming. there seems to be a universal trend toward more surveillance and more surveillance that impacts americans  privacy without obtaining a warrant  -lawyer for the aclu during his final year in office
"susan rice just announced she won t testify before the senate on the russian hacking.senator lyndsey graham said he s  very disappointed  but said
 as a person
"this is what having no freedom of speech looks like this guy is awesome! i use whatever flag i want because i am free. i am not a hypocrite
"paul ryan nervously giggled during the republican announcement of the budget and obamacare replacement this morning. it s interesting to watch all of the republicans in the video below skip over the elephant in the room by redirecting everyone to other items they consider to be positive. ryan emphasized the funding for border patrol but skipped right over the border wall funding.why does the left bother with  resistance  theatrics when the republican congress funds their entire wish list anyway?is funding the nih (national institutes for health) with 2 billion dollars a good thing? that bloated and very wasteful item needs to be looked at more closely. remember shrimp on a treadmill? drunk monkeys? yes
"wow! this is really epic! paris dennard nails paul begala on begala s trash talking of trump. you won t believe the response from david gergen! how can trump let someone down when they never believed in his policies to begin with?  we love paris dennard s effort to call out the liberal pundits   this is not just good it s great that he said what every american is thinking about cnn and msnbc:strategist @david_gergen clashes w/ @parisdennard: ""you respect the office not the man  but he is letting me down""  cnn newsroom (@cnnnewsroom) april 30
"the mayor of new orleans is being evasive on who funded the removal of 4 statues in the heart of the city. he s also not responding to questions on when the remaining 3 statues will be taken down and what he plans on doing with them.who is funding the removal? shouldn t the citizens know? do the citizens of new orleans not have a say in any of this?here s the latest:new orleans   just hours after crews working for the city of new orleans removed the liberty place monument
"president trump s  2017 tax reform for economic growth and american jobs  was announced today by national economic director cohn and treasury secretary mnuchin:three key things to remember (see photo below):-repeal the alternative minimum tax-reduce the top cap gains rate to 20%-repeal the so-called  death tax. tax plan reduces current 7 tax brackets to 3 and doubles standard deduction    gary cohn
"lou dobbs rips on speaker paul ryan because he s a do-nothing leader! as dobbs says
"laura ingraham reported to sean hannity that republican leaders don t want the border wall built and are actively working against preisdent trump one thing i know for sure
"here we go again! another activist judge has shut down an effort by president trump to protect americans a president s #1 job!how do we know judge orrick of california is an activist? well
dick durbin might want to have a chat with nancy pelosi he says as long as the democrat says they re for roe v wade then they can play in the sand box with other democrats oops! nancy pelosi just said the opposite about abortion and democrats. which is it? to kill or not to kill? dick durbin:nancy pelosi:
"another great move by the trump administration! they were proactive in securing the release of aya hijazi. hijazi s release was negotiated with egypt by president trump and his aides.they worked for several weeks with egyptian president abdel fatah al-sissi (pictured above) to secure the freedom of aya hijazi
"it s interesting that a lighthearted moment like the one below could cause such anger and outrage from the left!rob gronkowksi popped into today s white house press briefing to ask sean spicer if he needed any help. spicer
"do you think this is a good idea or is this enabling the addict?las vegas is betting on a new approach to combat rising heroin and hiv rates: vending machines of clean needles.but the syringe exchange vending machines
"the secret service fired two uniformed division officers who were involved in the march 10th intrusion when jonathan tran jumped the white house fence and wandered the grounds for 16 minutes
"the big question this year for the white house easter egg roll is whether white house press scretary will show up as the easter bunny. a little known fact and tradition has been that spicer is the easter bunny! what a guy! who knew that the guy who dressed in the bunny costume would one day be the 45th president s press secretary 15 surprising facts about the white house easter egg roll:while the long-established custom of rolling eggs on the historic grounds has practically become a rite of passage for those who observe easter
"discussion in america has been officially hijacked by the unhinged left and is supported by radicals with deep pockets we know you re thinking george soros but there are more men with tons of money to support this effort to  fundamentally change  america. tom stayer
"during obama s 8 years in office
"this is rich! lois lerner wants her testimony in an upcoming class-action case to remain sealed. the former irs official is accused of targeting hundreds of groups due to their conservative beliefs. this is all happening at the same time republicans just filed charges against lerner (see below)the washington times reported:former irs senior executive lois g. lerner told a federal court this week that she faces the possibility of death threats if her role in the tax agency s tea party-targeting becomes public
"who can forget when lois lerner sat smugly before the house panel and plead the 5th she sat there as cool as a cucumber and didn t answer about the irs targeting of conservatives.well
"remember when valerie jarrett signed with a hollywood talent agency? well
"a texas federal judge appointed by obama has again rejected the 2011 texas voter id law
"who knew that the department of transportation keeps records on how many people are bumped involuntarily from a flight. can you guess the numbers?airlines have always bumped passengers from overbooked flights but with the recent a** kicking of a passenger on a united airlines flight (see below)
"this is very curious! the ap is reporting a story from a  senior u.s. official  on russia s involvement in the syria gas attack. this official is saying that the we have evidence that russia knew about the chemical weapon attack before it happened. this associated press report is interesting for a couple of reasons. is the release of this information by a senior u.s. official an effort to embarrass rex tillerson or cause trouble for his trip to russia?tillerson will be in russia in 36 hours so this will only add to the tension. could this actually be the strategy of the trump administration to give the upper hand to the u.s.?washington (ap)   a senior u.s. official says the united states has concluded that russia knew in advance of syria s chemical weapons attack last week.the official says a russian-operated drone flew over a hospital in syria as victims of the attack were rushing to get treatment.hours after the drone left
"who says president trump isn t moving on his agenda? neil gorsuch became the 113th justice of the supreme court today! be happy america! our president chose a perfect candidate to replace justic scalia.now if we can just get ruth to step down that would be great! she s hanging on for dear life because she knows trump will pick someone who s not a liberal hack. it s puzzling that she even made it on the court because of her very liberal views! she s an outspoken critic of president trump and has recently spoken out on his immigration policy.gorsuch took the constitutional oath in a private ceremony
"the u.s. bombardment of a syrian airbase just outside of homs friday was likely seen by north korea as a clear warning that president trump will use his military if united states interests are at risk.the immediate focus after the strikes was on russia s vladimir putin s reaction. russia was not happy with the u.s.
"conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of seth rich. they reached a new frenzy after the hacking of dnc e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman
"the speech he gave to a sold out crowd on saturday is epic. we often listen to it to get fired up about bringing down the commies currently trying to destroy america. it s truly epic! the speech that breitbart is best known for is his cpac speech:the complaint
"have these two been watching the news?the russian president has immediately sent his admiral grigorovich frigate   armed with cruise missiles and a self-defence system   from the black sea to dock in syria later. it will pass through the east mediterranean waters where the uss ross and uss porter fired the 59 tomahawk missiles that pounded assad s al-shayrat military airfield near homs in the early hours of friday. bret baier tweeted out the news: putin today called it an  illegal act of aggression  and also ripped up an agreement to avoid mid-air clashes between russian and us fighter jets over syria. in the continuing fight back russian or syrian planes also bombed the town of khan sheikhoun
"dr. ben carson just found over $500 billion missing in an audit of hud: link to hud reportthe last paragraph of the report says it all:hud management is downplaying the severity of the condition and impact of the errors identified
"the russian president has immediately sent his admiral grigorovich frigate   armed with cruise missiles and a self-defence system   from the black sea to dock in syria later. it will pass through the east mediterranean waters where the uss ross and uss porter fired the 59 tomahawk missiles that pounded assad s al-shayrat military airfield near homs in the early hours of friday. bret baier tweeted out the news: putin today called it an  illegal act of aggression  and also ripped up an agreement to avoid mid-air clashes between russian and us fighter jets over syria. in the continuing fight back russian or syrian planes also bombed the town of khan sheikhoun
"mark steyn on trump s move last night:   @marksteynonline pic.twitter.com/cm21gvlfww  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) april 7
the weaponization of the security services is what you expect in a banana republic and a police state or authoritarian state. and let s just look into one more piece of evidence. these individuals are politically appointed. i am politically appointed. i served as a commissioned officer of the president. so did she. we understand that. but you re supposed to be a professional i challenge your viewers right now to go to her twitter feed and read her tweets after january 20th and read her colleagues  ben rhodes and colin kahl. you will see who these people really are just three weeks ago colin kahl used the word purge purging is the kind of word maoists use. these people have unmasked themselves purge susan rice and her cronies only want to destroy the trump administration. maoists all 
"leaked documents from george soros  open society foundations reveal how soros works to defeat populist candidates and movements in europe.soros
"breaking: in un
"watch: susan rice insists  i leaked nothing to nobody    msnbc (@msnbc) april 4
"remember the emotional testimony of wetumpka tea party leader becky garritson:the documents were produced after a revelation by the irs that it had located  an additional 6
"judge napolitano explains what s going on as only he can do   he does a great job! the senate has a rule they can force the senate to raise the majority to 60 that s called a filibuster.  napolitano goes on the explain that the dems are furious because obama s pick for the court wasn t given his day. they also obviously feel gorsuch is too conservative. the hypocrisy of the democrats and chuck schumer is exposed when a video of past approval for gorsuch is shown. schumer
"ambassador john bolton was on lou dobbs tonight to comment on the susan rice news. it s being reported that she called for the unmasking of names for likely political reasons. if that s the case then she can be charged with fraud she should lawyer up asap. reports are showing that the unmasking and spying increased as it came closer to trump s inauguration. that could be the clue that this was stricly political. who can forget her lies on 5 different morning shows after benghazi. she s clearly someone who has zero credibility and who should be investigated for using intelligence for political purposes. throw her in the slammer or give her immunity and make her talk?john bolton    this is stunning news. and you can t
"zinke and brandyburg accompanied spicer to the podium on monday   where the white house press secretary announced that president donald trump was donating the salary from his entire first quarter as president to the national parks service. it is my pleasure
"fox news alert: new details on @adamhousley s report; sources telling him the official who  unmasked  trump associates is  very high up  pic.twitter.com/nowhuiidsb  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) april 3
" gchq director robert hannigan is stepping down after only two years as chief of the cyber spy agency for  personal reasons
"assuming all republicans support gorsuch
"ridiculous! sen. schumer on gorsuch nominee:  when a nominee doesn t get 60 votes
" all of the real evidence of real money and real influence buying by the russians relates to democrats.    newt gingrich leave it to newt to cut through all of the bs! .@newtgingrich: ""all of the real evidence of real money and real influence buying by the russians relates to democrats."" #sundayfutures pic.twitter.com/niwt9blrzj  fox news (@foxnews) april 2
" sen. bernard sanders told cnn thursday that president trump s plan to prioritize job creation over climate change regulations is  stupid and dangerous.  the commander in chief signed an  energy independence  executive order tuesday as a means of rolling back former president barack obama s clean power plan. mr. trump said his policies will cause  wealth to pour into our communities
"russia gave john podesta 35 millions dollars (1 billion rubles) while he advised hillary clinton and barack obama. pic.twitter.com/cf042xzleu  based vet   (@basedvet) march 28
 
 
"comey would likely have pitched the op-ed to the new york times.democrats on intel committee continue their assertion of russian  meddling  when there was zero evidence of it:the question of collusion between russian interests and trump s campaign continues
"our previous report on this: how scary is this to anyone who thinks the government can t spy on them: the justification for requesting unmasking (revealing your identity) can be as simple as claiming  the identity of the united states person (you) is necessary to understand foreign intelligence information or assess its importance . it does sound far-fetched but just ask fox news reporter james rosen who was spied on by obama. yes
"our previous report on judge napolitan s claim about spying on trump: judge napolitano was on fox & friends this morning discussing the obama administration s efforts to spy on donald trump. three intel sources have disclosed to the network that obama went to british intelligence to get the goods on trump
" tsa allows for a pat-down of a teenage passenger
"trump commented about it during the reception: hopefully it ll start being bipartisan. because everybody really wants the same thing: we want greatness for this country that we love chuck schumer was at the event with a smirk on his face peach of a guy
"it happened around 9:30 a.m. at the 100 block of independence ave.
 
"a press release by bernards township
"question: how do you see the future of russian-us diplomatic relations in the context of the current atmosphere in washington? can you confirm that secretary of state rex tillerson will come to moscow in april?maria zakharova: apparently
" effective as of december 31
".@rep_devinnunes:  i m sure that @thedemocrats do want me to quit because they know i m quite effective at getting to the bottom of things.  pic.twitter.com/q8rfnflhzc  fox news (@foxnews) march 28
 

 
"in light of republican failure to pass the american health care act
 
 
"new mexico led all states with 72 percent of the babies born there in 2015 having their births covered by medicaid.arkansas ranked second with 67 percent; louisiana ranked third with 65 percent; and three states mississippi
 


"ben sasse asked supreme court nominee neil gorsuch what role does the declaration of independence play in interpreting the constitution?gorsuch
 
 
"secret service personnel removed the alarm sensors along an area of fence line when the agency raised its height in response to previous fence-jumping incidents as a way to make it harder to scale. ironically
 
 
 
"russians didn t hack any votes. period. #comeyhearing pic.twitter.com/yz6c76frz1  tennessee (@ten_gop) march 20
 it would’ve been upheld [video]"
"whether from incompetence or malice
"below is the comment in red that moveon.org put up before the video. notice how they say nothing about the budget but just state that the program helps people. they re clearly fear mongering with vague information and no facts. if you would like to go to the post on facebook and hammer them with the statement below that s directly from meals on wheels
 
" well
"activist judges are killing america! the judge in hawaii who just blocked president trump s executive order is wrong on his decision but who cares about the law when you re an activist  derrick kahala watson graduated from harvard with obama and is an obama-appointed judge. what s even crazier is that obama was just spotted in hawaiithe local news had a short comment on obama s  surprise  visit:coming off a string of high-profile meetings
"judge napolitano was on fox & friends this morning discussing the obama administration s efforts to spy on donald trump. three intel sources have disclosed to the network that obama went to british intelligence to get the goods on trump
 
"helen agbapuruonwu collected food stamps and medicaid benefits from 2010 to 2016!helen agbapuruonwu  fraudulently obtained public assistance in excess of $100
"the social media director for trump called them out on it:now we have the washington post accepting a videotape from crazy environmentalists who carved six feet tall letters into the 5th green on trump s golf course. they were so proud of their vandalism that they gave details to the post of how long it took to vandalize the property.when i went to the article to read it
"we hope scott pruitt is busy bidding a large swath of the agency s staff goodbye. mustafa ali
 so what?’ [video]"
"#flashbackfriday 1993 #attorneygate clinton ag reno fires all 93 republican us attorneys in one day. #sessions is following tradition. #maga pic.twitter.com/ggf9ur1r9f   ia (@nia4_trump) march 10
"remember becky gerritson from the wetumpka alabama tea party? her testimony about being targeted is riveting!the internal revenue service has located 6
".@judgenap: samsung allowed british intelligence to spy on americans through their televisions pic.twitter.com/khknt0s8ar  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) march 9
we hope these women realize they were being used by george soros and other leftists to protest trump instead of to celebrate women!
 
 android phones and samsung tvs [video]"
 
" pelosi claims to have not had a meeting with the russian ambassador:pelosi with the ambassador in 2010: pelosi had her spokesperson make a statement after twitter comments about the photo came out: leader pelosi s answer to the question today was clearly about private

" advocates for big government and progressive power are using the justice department to extort money from corporations. it s a shakedown. it s corrupt
 
 
 
"watch joy behar as she hilariously attempts to tie  anti-semitism  to breitbart news while interviewing their senior editor who happens to be an orthodox jew. when behar s attempt to prove that breitbart is an anti-semitic news site
"cnn has once again set the stage for a democratic politician to attempt a smackdown of president trump.  in this case
"in a 10-4 ruling
"remember becky gerritson of alabama whose tea party group was targeted by the irs? she gave an impassioned speech to congress. it seems the irs hasn t changed its tune!the irs has discovered more than 1 million americans whose social security numbers were stolen by illegal immigrants
"tensions in the us are growing as it is feared that vladimir putin s military may have carried out secret nuke tests in the arctic.  this is based on tests that show a dangerous spike in radiation levels across europein response to this possible threat
 great strategic thinker” [video]"
 top aide for reince preibus"
 
"sen. john mccain(r-ariz.) dug himself into a hole on meet the press when he was asked to respond to this tweet by the president.the fake news media (failing @nytimes
"president trump s rally in fl on saturday was a smashing success with about 9000 crowding into a hanger to hear him speak and another two or three times that amount congregating outside.trump told his supporters  i want to speak to you without the filter of the fake news. the warm up act to president trump s speech was youtube sensations diamond and silk who fired up the crowd.diamond and silk:  let me just say this to the media. let me just say this. we didn t believe you in the primaries. we didn t believe you in the general election. and
"national security council aide craig deare was dismissed on friday after it was learned that he harshly criticized the president and his top aides.deare s criticisms took place at an off-the-record roundtable and included attacking the president himself
 no? and this ivanka is…"
"according to the associated press on friday
"president trump has made it clear that he will not stop the search for those responsible for leaks at the white house.the hunt that began with the resignation of national security advisor michael flynn does not stop
 
"president trump is once again proving that he will be running the white house in a vastly different manner than his predecessor.for the past several years barack obama welcomed espn to the white house to fill out the ncaa tournament bracket.  the news called this  baracketology.  the sports network reached out to the trump staff
"in a press conference on thursday
"according to a nationwide poll
"breaking bombshell! all of the major political parties in france were targeted by obama s cia with both human and electronic spies for the 7 months leading up to their 2012 presidential election.in a document released by wikileaks today
"senator rand paul (r-ky) made a big statement walking out of a meeting with speaker paul ryan on obamacare.the disagreement occurred over the possibility of keeping the medicaid expansion and creating new tax credits.  paul believes that this would create a  new entitlement program. speaker ryan assured senate republicans on tuesday that the obamacare repeal is underway.  however
the officials  decision to keep information cite  deep mistrust  judge napolitano has a great solution quit! the people who re loyal to barak obama need to go! 
"president donald trump s pick for secretary of labor
" president trump and prime minister netanyahu planned this trip within hours of trump s inauguration in january
"house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes does not plan on investigating the circumstances surrounding the resignation of former national security adviser mike flynn
 
"hungary s populist prime minister on friday lashed out against billionaire financier george soros
"filmmaker and patriot
"3 congressional it employees have been fired for accessing members computer networks without permission. maria s on the show
"judge neil gorsuch   a strict conservative similar to justice scalia   a strict constitutionalistjudge neil gorsuch
 
 my love for the outdoors came from my grandfather
"the washington post reported that higher ups in the state department jumped ship before rex tillerson could take the helm but we don t know that was the case. were the people who left asked to vacate their post or did they jump ship? wapo was even called out by cnn for the misleading headline.   one of the things that the main stream media doesn t mention is that these officials were knee deep in the benghazi scandal and one of those (see below for more on patrick kennedy) was knee deep in the clinton e-mail scandal too! it s what the press doesn t tell you that s important. we just don t know if this is a matter of these people resigning or a matter of our new president recognizing that we need to drain the swamp! could this be the smoking gun that trump called out on patrick kennedy: in what one congressman called the  flashing red light of potential criminality
"the employees went on twitter to speak about global warming and immigration the twitter accounts themselves went beyond the official national park service accounts. the @altusnatparkservice account
"the us provides 22% of the budget for the united nations!donald trump is preparing executive orders that would dramatically reduce us funding of the united nations
 
"pres. trump on receiving nuclear codes:  it is a very sobering moment
 i was getting my ass shot at in afghanistan”"
 
 
"obama leaves u.s.a $9
via: npr
"an anti-trump protester screams  no  as donald trump is sworn in as the 45th us president pic.twitter.com/qmsafmmskr  itv news (@itvnews) january 20
franken asked perry if he enjoyed a meeting they recently had at his office:franken:  thank you so much for coming into my office. did you enjoy meeting me? perry:  i hope you re as much fun on that dias as you were on your couch. 
 
"some of the key regulations are thought to be with energy regulations
president-elect donald j. trump s economic advisor steve moore told neil cavuto the incoming administration may introduce two separate tax bills to increase chances of prompt congressional approval. moore says trump s tax reform plan should primarily focus on slashing the corporate tax rate to somewhere between 15% and 20%. 
 
 
"here s @chucktodd s interview with @buzzfeedben about buzzfeed s decision to publish that dossier   bradd jaffy (@braddjaffy) january 11
a spat between black lawmakers and republicans over a painting on display in the capitol got uglier tuesday after multiple gop lawmakers removed the painting for the second time in a week   and the chairman of the congressional black caucus suggested supporters of displaying the painting  may just have to kick somebody s ass. the big problem with this is this congressman has a history of getting into drunken bar fights:please listen to congressman lacy clay and his very questionable reasoning for wanting the painting to be displayed in the capitol building:in case you haven t seen this painting: 
"in what amounts to an 11th hour  gift  by the outgoing obama administration to tehran s leadership to keep the country
"the largest armed u.s. military brigade to be deployed to europe since the end of the cold war arrived saturday at a port in northern germany
 
"mccain: our intelligence agencies concluded unanimously that the russian government directed compromises of emails from us persons and institutions including from us political organizations. mccain: us intelligence agencies unanimously found russia hacked us political organizations    cnn politics (@cnnpolitics) january 5
"british pop singer rebecca ferguson
"what s worse is the second longer version of the audio where kerry spills the beans on how the end goal of creating isis was to cause regime change in syria but they didn t count on russia getting involved. language alert below but worth it:disgrace!john kerry says the problem with syria is that young americans don t want 2 die anymore secret audio john kerry behind closed doors pic.twitter.com/0k4fvluaut  trump anomaly (@anomaly1) january 3
remember when pelosi said it s  affordable : 
 you own it” [video]"
"1. disarm federal regulatory agenciesduring an eight-year period
"washington   it sits on the corsica river along the eastern shore
 abortion related protections"
"some illegal immigrants receive money from uncle sam even after they are deported back to their home country
"a tweet from conservative media icon matt drudge s verified twitter account thursday night appeared to accuse the government of interfering with his website
"the russian response to barack obama s announcement that he was expelling 35 diplomats over the alleged cyber attack on the us election

"john kerry gave a long-winded speech today claiming the obama administration had been a friend to israel. he went on and on describing the support to the israeli military. he was clearly on the defensive after the debacle of the us abstaining in a vote by the un security council to punish israel. it s been no secret that the obama administration has been anti-israel from the beginning
 
"today
"  #presidentelecttrumpabsolutely must watchtoday there is hope for the american people.we will #makeamericagreatagainplease rt pic.twitter.com/wsbpckr8np  brian fraser (@bfraser747) november 9
"california gained an embassy in russia last weekend
"former fbi agent and navy seal jonathan gilliam had this to say about the false rumors being spread about  russian interference :  the people who leaked stuff to the new york times
"what you need to know:in all 50 state capitals and the district of columbia
"feldman operates upstate fish
"exclusive: fbi new york field office told to continue clinton foundation probeofficials at fbi headquarters instructed its new york field office to continue its corruption investigation into the clinton foundation following the election of republican candidate donald trump
"trump to tech leaders:  you re doing well right now and i m very honored by the bounce so right now everybody in this room has to like me  pic.twitter.com/lnhvhg31wq  bradd jaffy (@braddjaffy) december 14
 
" leading republicans have already expressed anxieties about tillerson
 
 anti-trumper rinos join dems to investigate russian influence in election…trump says russian interference claim is “ridiculous”[video]"
" admitting somalis who d been settled for years in pakistan   like the ohio state jihadi and his family   is only one of them. another  refugee  absurdity was revealed recently   the obama administration has agreed to admit illegal aliens intercepted at sea by australia and held in camps outside that country
 
" when the environmental protection agency proposed rules regulating carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired power plants
 man?” [video]"
 muslim refugees
"talk radio hosts went nuts with the news of gore s visit to trump tower today. michael savage was very disappointed but rush limbaugh gave the best comment: i m gonna tell you something
  
"hedge fund manager steve mnuchin said this morning that president-elect donald trump had selected him to lead treasury mnuchin told cnbc.mnuchin spent 17 years working at goldman sachs
"president obama delivered his final #thanksgiving address and called for americans to  speak out for what is right.  pic.twitter.com/1owl8eoow2  fox news (@foxnews) november 24
 
"from wikipedia:the immigration and nationality act of 1965: the hart celler act abolished the quota system based on national origins that had been american immigration policy since the 1920s. the new law maintained the per-country limits
"one of president-elect donald trump s potential cabinet picks showed photographers more than he intended over the weekend
"clyde wayne crews of the competitive enterprise institute warns that obama s manufacturing of regulations is not over. with the amount of time left in the year
 
 
"councilman david james said the memorial will come down. please let him know how you feel about this.david james on facebookdavid james on twitterwdrb reported:cleansing our past will not change it! we can only learn from it!per councilman james: the statues will come off this morning. the rest of the monument will be disassembled later. pic.twitter.com/o4sewdlih8  katrina helmer (@katrinawdrb) november 19
"the main stream media wasted no time in trashing congressman pompeo and his supposed  anti-islamic rhetoric :pompeo
"sen. jefferson beauregard sessions iii
 
"remember the famous moment when us national intelligence chief james clapper was testifying about the nsa surveillance of americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. of course
"megyn kelly started out like a shooting star as an anchor on fox news but is now crashing down in so many ways. here s the latest epic failure she s been out hawking her new book all over the place but the people just aren t buyin  it. what s even better is they re totally ripping her in the amazon reviews and giving her one out of five stars (see below).we d like to say that a big dose of karma has hit ms. kelly and we can t think of a more deserving person.she literally used her position against donald trump to promote her book and career. who knows if her accusations that donald trump screamed at her are true. how can he defend himself from the horrible things she s said about him?we think his supporters have done a great job of helping him out. amazon is on fire with one star reviews for kelly. we think she should rename her book  settle for more  to  settle for one star real
here s a reminder of jonathan gruber insulting the american people over and over: 
".@kriskobach1787: trump has made clear that sanctuary cities could lose federal grants if the mayors continue to defy federal law pic.twitter.com/mgryjdcdfi  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) november 15
"part of the problem is that organizations are registering people without  any proof they are legal american citizens .leaked funding documents reveal an effort by george soros and his foundations to manipulate election laws and process rules ahead of the federal election far more expansively than has been previously reported.the billionaire and convicted felon moved hundreds of millions of dollars into often-secret efforts to change election laws
"nothing says  thanksgiving  or  family  like a room full of brain washed liberals sitting around the dinner table talking about ways to strip americans of their constitutional rights this thanksgiving
"the chance encounter a mother hiking with her daughter had with hillary clinton the day after losing the election may not be what it has been made out to seem.margot gerster was out hiking with her daughter when she ran into hillary and bill clinton in the upstate new york town of chappaqua
ronald reagan shut down the berkeley protests many years ago this is how you do it! 
 
"the national archives inspector general investigated the theft. later emails released by the state department do not indicate if the federal government ever found the hard drive.there s also the separate case of sandy berger who literally stuck documents in his clothes and left the national archives with them. he was later found cutting the documents up with scissors! it s understood that he wanted to destroy any papers with writing/notes written in the margins. he was the national security advisor for the clinton administration and it appears he was a good and loyal soldier to the clintons when he destroyed evidence these two case of stolen documents have not been solved and we feel it s yet another case of a clinton coverup a newly released email from the state department shows that hillary clinton was informed in april 2009 of a massive theft of data pertaining to former president bill clinton s white house records.on april 13
 
"since march of 2010
"every day we learn of a new security breach or criminal act by hillary
000 emails the fbi discovered [video]"
000 emails: “pissed off”"
"the woman s name is denise scott. you can donate to her here.all funds will go to provide denise care:   immediate & affordable housing   health assessment and medical treatment   food supplies   winter and summer clothing / shoes / hygiene products   personal identification registration as needed (licenses
"here s why clinton and abedin should be flipping out: multiple state employees  told the fbi that they considered emailing abedin  the equivalent of e-mailing clinton.  another close clinton aide told the fbi that  abedin may have kept emails that clinton did not. the electronic device shared by hillary clinton aide huma abedin and husband anthony weiner on which the fbi found more clinton emails was a laptop and it contained tens-of-thousands of emails
 
"washington   federal law enforcement officials said friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into hillary clinton s use of a private email server were discovered after the f.b.i. seized electronic devices belonging to huma abedin
"clinton s state department waste and mismanagementthese are all state department expenditures during her tenure: $5.4 million on a no-bid contract for crystal stemware $167.5 million on cost overruns at the embassy in kabul
 ryan bundy
this is outrageous! 
"remember combetta is hillary s oh sh*t it guy:breaking: female law student busts hillary s  oh sh*t  it guy who was seeking help to scrub hillary s name from emails wikileaks applauds!the same day that president barack obama publicly insisted that he learned about hillary clinton s use of private email for government business from news reports
"the environmental protection agency is looking to hire 15  diversity and inclusion specialists
 
former u.s. attorney joseph digenova slammed fbi director james comey s handling of the investigation into hillary clinton s private email server. digenova says  people both currently in the fbi and with the fbi consider comey to be a dirty cop. 
"about 14
 
"it s no secret that justice sotomayor is a liberal with radical roots. she s proven over time that her bias is huge! comments like the one below don t help her to appear impartial which is what our supreme court is supposed to be here s a great example of an article on her bias:judicial bias? latina supreme court justice declares her shockingly racist view on ethnicity and sex when judging i would hope that a wise latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    supreme court justice sotomayorhere s another one of her many biased comments:this only calls attention to the fact that we must elect donald trump! our supreme court will be changed for decades if we elect hillary clinton! if you believe in our constitution and the rule of law vote trump!when chief justice john roberts promised the senate judiciary committee he would serve as the u.s. supreme court s umpire   dutifully calling balls and strikes   he most certainly did not anticipate justice sonia sotomayor swinging for the fences from the end of the bench.sotomayor gave the robert a. stein lecture at the university of minnesota law school monday night
"former fbi asst director james kallstrom endorses donald j. trump  and he s emotional about it:  our country is going down the tubes.  pic.twitter.com/ym6yxwhah6  varney & co. (@varneyco) october 19
"nc republican headquarters firebombed by the terrorists on the leftindiana republican office vandalized:delaware county
"j. christian adams: dead people are voting and it s something this administration does not want to do anything about. they must like it. they must like who they are voting for  now we have four million
"most of the documents are testimonies provided to federal investigators in interviews the agents conducted with witnesses.in one of the documents
"fbi agents say the bureau is alarmed over director james comey s decision to not suggest that the justice department prosecute hillary clinton over her mishandling of classified information.according to an interview transcript given to the daily caller
" the difference between taxes in one place versus another comes down to city and state taxes. that s right
"in the documents
"putin tells russian army to prepare for wwwiii with u.s while obama whines about trump campaigns for hillary is our community organizer in chief actually willing to put our nation s security at risk because he believes putin is responsible for hillary s email hacks? what kind of sick
 
"it s not a big surprise given her propensity for lying
 
000 african freeloaders flooding mexico to get into the us…#openbordershillary"
"leaked emails from hillary clinton campaign manager john podesta s personal email account published by wikileaks reveal the clinton campaign s coordination with george soros s open society foundations on the subject of police reform.soros
"huh? this could be one of the most damning emails yet
"hillary was secretary of state an unimaginable earthquake hit haiti in january 2010. 250
" here are six trivia questions to see how much history you really know. the answers are very revealing. if you don t know the answer
"fbi files reveal missing email  boxes  in clinton case
"former secretary of state hillary clinton sought to arrange pentagon and state department consulting contracts for her daughter s friend
 
"the state department misplaced and lost some $6 billion due to the improper filing of contracts during the past six years
 
" the obama administration has done everything in its power to destroy the atmosphere of trust which could have encouraged cooperation russian president vladimir putin on monday suspended a treaty with washington on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium
"hillary clinton is the last person you want placing a target on your back the list of people who ve paid a heavy price for betraying her is pretty long julian assange announced sunday he was cancelling his much anticipated announcement on leaked clinton documents. assange said he was cancelling the planned speech due to security concerns.to silence wikileaks
"it was only a matter of time we can t keep our borders open to anyone who cares to cross over
" in a lame effort to score political points for hillary clinton
 while obama campaigns for hillary"
"has obama sacrificed the freedom of speech we enjoy on the internet
"the obama administration is maneuvering to pay health insurers billions of dollars the government owes under the affordable care act
" i wrote ab 2466 because i want to send a message to the nation that california will not stand for discrimination in voting california gov. jerry brown signs bill allowing felons to vote from their jail cells pic.twitter.com/6bhkd4hozj  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) september 29
 
"this will be irreversible! call your congressman or congresswoman today and demand they stop this!frank gaffney was on breitbart radio speaking about the impending takeover of the internet. he was pleading for americans to call mitch mcconnell  and urge him not to give up the internet   don t let this happen
"washington   the house and senate wednesday voted to reject president obama s veto of legislation allowing lawsuits against foreign sponsors of terrorism in the first successful override of a presidential veto since obama took office.the president had vetoed the legislation friday because he said the bill   known as the justice against sponsors of terrorism act
 
"just when you thought there was nothing barack hussein obama could do to shock you this christian pastor s story is revealed. how much money does an american who spends 3 1/2 years in an iranian prison leave with? enough for a one-way ticket home to the u.s?iranian president hassan rouhani spoke before the united nations general assembly thursday despite protests from iranian-americans who feel iran s human rights situation has worsened after sanctions were modified earlier this year.pastor saeed abedini
"east baltimore was the scene of a mass shooting tonight that included a 3-year old toddler as one of the victims. the shooter is on the loose. no description of the suspect yet the location of the shooting is near a senior apartment building and the brand new @openworksbmore cowering space that formally opened just this week. this appears to be a gang hit. no word from black lives matter yet  video from the scene of the crime:police say a 3 y/o and her dad are among 8 shot in east baltimore. all are expected to survive. limited suspect info. #wbal pic.twitter.com/zfuvgqf50a  vanessa herring (@vanessawbal) september 25
"a school district in mount vernon
"obama told cbs news march 7
"undisputed facts:an oak creek woman and her son have been indicted on allegations of stealing $3 million from the federal government through a benefits program intended to help the poor
"if not for the second amendment
" now
" cia director john brennan voted for the communist party candidate in the 1976 presidential election.brennan told a congressional panel last week that he  froze  while taking a cia polygraph test four years later when the questioner asked him if he had ever worked with or for a group that was  dedicated to overthrowing the u.s.
"what trump actually said was: our police are amazing. our local police   they know who a lot of these people are. they are afraid to do anything about it because they don t want to be accused of profiling and they don t want to be accused of all sorts of things. you know
"billionaire investor and all around puppet master
"united states army veteran
"a member of the house intelligence committee is accusing the obama administration of laundering some $1.7 billion in u.s. taxpayer dollars to iran through a complicated network that included the new york federal reserve and several european banks
this 11 year old girl gives me such great hope for our future. this video has been going around for a few days and i think it is important to outline the children that will be greatly affected by this upcoming election. our children are much more in-tune to politics an social going-ons then most of us were at their ages and it s an amazing thing to see.her enthusiasm and knowledge is refreshing that s for sure. there have been many children at rallies in support and in opposition and we need to really start taking their presence into account. there is a definite shift in this country and it starts at home.featured image and video courtesy of itv news
"hillary clinton is known world-wide for saying and doing the most ridiculous things
"ahmad rahami has been identified as a suspect in the new york and new jersey bombings over the weekend
"u.s.-led coalition air strikes killed dozens of syrian soldiers on saturday
"obama s narcacism was in full swing on saturday night at the 46th annual legislative conference phoenix awards dinner of the congressional black caucus. he spoke for almost a half an hour about how good he has been for the country
"last year obama added an action to his manifesto that would forever put him in the cross-hairs of americans nationwide when he announced that he would be normalizing diplomatic relations with communist-cuba. cuban-americans were deeply offended and angered that obama would extend the hand of friendship to the very regime that ha tortured and murdered their family members for years simply for having an opinion.here are just a few facts from obamas policy on cuba:*general tourist travel is still prohibited
"you have got to be kidding me! after all the times that trump has been attacked by the democratic side of our society for saying that we need a wall on our mexican border to stop illegals from getting into our country and destroying our economy
"the 2014 irs filings for the clinton foundation have been released and the numbers are absolutely sickening. out of $91.3 million spent in 2014
"social media went nuts when illegal alien college students protested for free college tuition. yes
"dr. milton wolf seems to have take offense at the diagnosis of hillary clinton. he states in no uncertain terms that  non-contagious bacterial pneumonia  does not even exist. his argument can be supported by the fact that if that was indeed what she had then why the antibiotics that supposedly don t help with bacterial type infections.you may remember dr. wolf from stories of him being obama s second cousin. he has been featured on a few mainstream media shows to discuss many different things form his familial ties to obama to his campaign for kansas state senate in 2014.these screen captures are from his recent tweets concerning hillary and her supposed diagnosis.is it possible that hillary
"after general powell s email server was hacked it seems that hillary and trump were not the only ones he attacked with insults and nasty rhetoric.powell went after retired lt. gen. michael flynn
 joins kaepernick’s “disrespect the american flag” movement [video]"
"house republicans are gathering closely around a bill that would essentially block president barack obama from releasing any more detainees from guantanamo bay until congress can create a new defense policy bill.even though the house passed the bill on a 244 to 174 vote
"it s not the first time that the name of vladimir putin has been brought up in the us presidential campaign
 
 
 fl rally: “the citizens of this country will be in charge once more.” [transcript and video]"
"iran may have received an additional $33.6 billion in secret cash and gold payments facilitated by the obama administration between 2014 and 2016
 
"speaker paul ryan said wednesday the house will vote on whether to impeach internal revenue service commissioner john koskinen
"the top democrat on the house committee investigating democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton s use of a private email system released an email exchange wednesday between former secretary of state colin powell and clinton in which he advised her on circumventing state department servers.the exchange between clinton and powell
"outsider gop candidate donald trump has vigorously denounced the outsourcing by carrier s air-conditioning business. his opposition has helped him get a nine-point polling advantage in the state. but trump s support for major reforms to the h-1b program to reduce the outsourcing of professional jobs is raising his support among upper-income professional-class voters in many other states.the caterpillar outsourcing  is all the same thing happening over and over again
 
"waterbury   a federal agent
"former nsa officer john schindler reports on a devastating fact not mentioned in the fbi s investigation of hillary clinton conducting state department business on an unsecure homebrew email server: sidney blumenthal s email read exactly like classified nsa reporting
 
a closer look   please listen to the way she spins trump s words ridiculous!and then on the plane! she had to stop speaking and leave the press:
" leaked documents from left-wing financier george soros s open society foundations continue to reveal the extent to which the group has influenced the political response to europe s refugee crisis. internal documents show osf used $600
 anti-gun
but the media s concerned trump is the threat to our national security with his  reckless words.  lol!watch #unfithillary threaten russia here:
"scenes from the confrontation late friday
"finally
 
"check out the names below and you ll see that so many times foreigners come to america to scam the food stamp system. we have reported on numerous scams involving immigrants and food stamps. believe us   they come from all over the world to take your money! here are just a few examples of foreign-run convenience stores caught in food stamp fraud millions and millions stolen and probably sent overseas: immigrant ghanaian woman pleads guilty to $3.6 million in food stamp fraud media ignores her immigrant status22 latinos arrested in largest food stamp fraud bust in history here s how they did italabama fraud: food stamps to cash sent to yemen3 busted
"on the surface
"if the obama regime is allowed to wrest control of our elections from the states america better get used to the idea of a president #crookedhillary even before the fbi identified new cyber attacks on two separate state election boards
"the imperial presidency continues against the constitution: the constitution provides that the president  shall have power
"puerto rico is getting a huge bailout from the us government on the backs of the american taxpayers you will not believe the total bs in this bailout that everyone in the obama administration kept saying it wasn t a bailout. nancy pelosi is one of many i recall who promised this would not be on the backs of the taxpayers .she lied.  is anyone surprised that jack lew and sylvia burwell both are going full force to give 54
"here s just one more piece to the puzzle hillary was able to delete the money trail with bleach bit the owner of bleachbit was tipped off that his product was used by clinton when trey gowdy mentioned it in a tv interview:  gowdy said clinton s emails had been so thoroughly scrubbed that  even god can t read them. how transparent of her!bleachbit s creator says hillary may have chosen that program to scrub emails because it doesn t leave a  money trail .hillary clinton s decision to use bleachbit to scrub her private email server could have been based on the fact that the free software can be downloaded and used with complete anonymity
 we’re not kidding!"
"wow! america is hungry for a real leader. america
"censorship is alive and well in obama s america dcleaks
999
"our justice department is beyond out of control to give 6 months extra to those who ve let their permission to work in america expire! how in the world is being negligent rewarded? do these people have a personal responsibility to renew papers themselves?the goal ultimately is to make it harder and harder for companies to fire anyone.sounds good for workers right? well
nice try but we re not buyin  it! 
"trey gowdy rips into the clinton case of using a private e-mail  for convenience when you are habitual
"how careless are these people? clinton s right-hand-woman was tossing documents in the back of a staff car! these documents were considered  burn bag  material which means they were classified! is this carelessness a sign of the clinton attitude of being above it all or was abedin just not aware of the seriousness of her actions?hillary clinton s most trusted state department aide huma abedin once left classified papers in the pocket behind the front seat of a staff car she was assigned in india
 free market provide much needed help for total strangers in la flood"
 vince foster disappear from national archives"
"if i were a european and was forced to deal with the massive influx of muslim refugees from syria
the truth is what you get with this judge! we love her! judge jeanine rips into the democrats:
"we know where obama s been and what he s doing for crying out loud but jeh johnson thinks americans don t have tv s or computers to see the news. obama has played golf every day for 9 days! you d think he could get his a$$ down to louisiana to visit the flood victims! he s just too busy? lame!homeland security secretary jeh johnson visited louisiana yesterday to reassure local officials and citizens in the state that president obama cared about the victims of the devastating floods.when asked by reporters during a press conference if president barack obama would take time from his vacation to visit the state
"hillary clinton and her aides must have felt like  mandatory  didn t apply to them they were obviously reminded several times about the ethics training they were required to take but chose to ignore it. not that it would have helped these corrupt people the state department has no evidence showing hillary clinton or the majority of her top aides at the department complied with mandatory ethics training. mcclatchy reports newly released documents show just three of clinton s aides took the required training:state department records show only three of nine top clinton aides took the mandated training for new employees. records also suggest that none of seven top aides required to take subsequent annual training completed it.no records indicate whether clinton herself took any training. the republican national committee made an foia request for the documents last december. when the state department did not respond within the 90-day deadline
"listening to zeke emanuel
"run
donald trump gave a rousing speech in wisconsin last night that should be considered a turning point in his campaign. it was fantastic! he delivered a speech about law and order but mostly about americans coming together to do better and offered a sincere plea to the black voter. well done! 
osama bin laden s bodyguard and 14 other terrorists were released to the uae today more insanity from obama!
"communities like ferguson
 al-qaeda trainer"
"thank you dc leaks! it s about time george soros  open society organization was hacked!dc leaks had this to say about soros:george soros is a hungarian-american business magnate
"oh boy! this is getting good! bill clinton is now accusing the fbi of serving up a  load of bull  in the comments about the investigation into hillary s e-mails. how idiotic is it to publicly slam the fbi? i guess  slick willy  isn t so slick anymore. all we have to say about this is keep on talkin  slick willy!bill clinton is accusing the fbi director of serving up  the biggest load of bull i ve ever heard    marking the first significant public comments from the husband of the democratic nominee on the scandal that s plagued his wife s campaign for over a year. first of all
the death tax is the hard earned money you have to pass on to the government when you die. wouldn t you rather your children receive that money instead of the feds? donald trump thinks so but hillary goes full on socialist describing what she would do with trump s money when he dies. it s really disgusting! 
col oliver north lists the 5 irrefutable facts that confirm that obama s policies led to the rise of isis. please watch and share! 
"remote controlled car bombs are being constructed for countries where suicide bombers are scarce. the only thing they need are some radical islamists to set the vehicles in motion. with our wide open borders and generous refugee resettlement program (which brings hundreds of thousands of men and woman coming from countries who hate us to live in america on our dime) it shouldn t be too hard to implement their terror plans. terror group islamic state is employing scientists and weapons experts to train jihadists to carry out sophisticated  spectacular  attacks in europe
"judge jeanine gives us facts on the relationship between our state department and the clinton foundation 12
"it was announced last week that george soros was donating over $25 million to hillary s campaign. today we find out that george soros is making decisions for hillary that could affect our national security and the security of other nations worldwide.more leaked e-mails from hillary clinton during her time as secretary of state now prove that she was taking foreign policy advice from radical leftist billionaire george soros.wikileaks latest email leak shows how soros had a direct line to secretary of state hillary clinton when it came to foreign policy decisions she was tasked to act upon.how can we ever trust hillary to make important decisions that affect the national security of our nation and of foreign nations now that it has been proven she is relying on advice from major donors like the unhinged radical
"we love ap reporter matt lee! he is a lone voice in the effort to get the truth from our government the stae department spokespeople are unbelievable in their evasiveness! how do these reporters get any truth? well
"the information is spilling out little by little but we now know that hillary clinton put america s national security at risk when she peddled influence for money using our state department. is there any doubt that she s lived up to her name  crooked hillary ? what s even worse is that the fbi wanted to investigate the clinton foundation but obama s doj blocked the investigation. this is exactly why an outsider like donald trump is what we need asap!the trump campaign seized on reports thursday that the obama administration rejected requests from three fbi field offices that wanted to open public corruption cases involving the clinton foundation and democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton. after banks alerted the field offices to suspicious activity involving the clinton family charity
a feminist supporter of hillary clinton was on cnn to give her commentary on the orlando terrorist s father being in the crowd at a clinton rally. she goes ballistic when called out by a trump spokesperson it s pretty crazyand priceless! 
"for anyone who thinks trump s comments have crossed over the line
bravo! it s about time some of the conservatives shot back (no pun intended) at the liberal pundits who re doing everything they can to bury trump. it s gotten so out of hand! dan bongino goes at it with don lemon awesome! 
 cuba
"rudy is the best! he stays on message and was there when the trump speech and comment happened. based rudy: rudy giuliani on hillary's campaign inviting omar mateen's father and msm's orchestrated narrative pic.twitter.com/k94fbotmwa  viktor fiel (@viktorfiel) august 10
"if you ve never heard betsy mccaughey speak   you re in for a treat! she was one of the most outspoken and honest people warning us about obamacare. she actually read the entire bill and then picked it apart. she s smart and very straightforward. now
can you believe this? this is ridiculous! no one is denying we have a climate and that it changes. the left thinks up the most idiotic terms 
"will the state department ever tell the truth and prove that careless
"this is rich! left-leaning washington post does a hit job on hillary: just the facts are provided exposing the lies of the clinton promise to create 200
"donald trump is making a key speech on the economy and his plan to turn it around. it might not be what liberals want but it s a pro-growth plan with deregulation and lower taxes! you gotta love that! trump has promised to unveil a new policy agenda for  revitalizing the american economy  in a speech monday at the detroit economic club. the plan will include major changes to u.s. energy policy that will make the country the biggest producer in the world of oil and gas
cnn is ridiculous but this is insane! check out the anchor and how he tries to legitimize the iran ransom unreal! 
"julian assange on hillary clinton in an interview with russia today (video below):rattansi: if there is any illegality in the pending emails you will release or malfesance in what you alreaday released president obama could presumably act on it and get hillary clinton charged? regardless on whether you are about to release any email which would mean that james comey and the fbi would have no alternative but to arrest hillary clinton?assange: our view which we have already stated is if the evidence that the fbi has is enough for a grand jury to indict already  but a prosecutor has to ask a grand jury to indict. and if a prosecutor doesn t ask
can you blame her for losing her cool with crooked lying hillary? share this with all of your  undecided  friends!
fox news senior judicial analyst judge andrew napolitano discusses whether it s unlawful for the u.s. to pay iran $400 million as ransom. 
"it s starting to get old but trump was right again   iranian state-run media in tehran did indeed videotape the arrival of a january 17 flight carrying $400 million in cash from the united states   and the money itself   judging from a documentary that aired the following month in the islamic republic. republican presidential nominee donald trump has been in a firestorm of controversy since first claiming on wednesday to have seen  secret  footage of money being offloaded from an aircraft.he admitted friday morning on twitter what his campaign had said more than a day earlier
how unfunny! does this not tell you something about the jackwagons in the obama state department? unreal! 
"a former hostage
" to me
listen up people! this is great! lou dobbs gets it and knows how important this election is! 
"the clinton grifters will take money from just about anyone   even promoters of terror. the report below should tell you all you need to know about the influence peddlers that really have sold out the american people. do you want these two in the white house again? former president bill clinton collected $5.6 million in fees from gems education
"philip haney is a lone patriot in the war on exposing obama and his administration s connections with radical islam. please listen to this man and share
"us congressman joe wilson was right! obama is a liar his reckless and amateur decisions have made america more unsafe than we have ever been. now he s asking americans to vote for hillary to ensure his lawless legacy lives on the obama administration secretly organized an airlift of $400 million worth of cash to iran that coincided with the january release of four americans detained in tehran
"just a little dose of common sense guns save lives.a new law went into effect in texas on monday that allows certain students to bring guns into classrooms
 his ties to hillary
"we ve inserted our thoughts and a few tweets throughout this article. our comments can be found in bold red type.let s start with trump s twitter response to mr. kahn s passionate speech denouncing trump at hillary s coronation. i don t think too many americans can argue with this:i was viciously attacked by mr. khan at the democratic convention. am i not allowed to respond? hillary voted for the iraq war
"you don t want to miss a second of judge jeanine s brilliant analysis of hillary vs. trump whether you like him or not
"remember when this would seem like a far-fetched idea? democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton said she  loves  the idea of appointing barack obama to the supreme court if she s elected president.at a campaign event in iowa tuesday
five facts about hillary and benghazi:
the protesters are breaking all the rules and creating total chaos at every turn during the dem convention. it is truly a case of the liberals eating their own! fun to watch! 
"hillary s vp pick is proving himself to be a anti-american job destroyer in a couple different ways. he s willing to legalize millions of illegals and he sided with wall street in a bid to bring in cheap foreign labor to replace american workers. what a guy...philadelphia   sen. tim kaine
"hillary clinton always putting a radical ideology and her own personal financial gain before the best interests of america. is this really the kind of leader america needs after 8 miserable
"nothing says embracing diversity like dividing interns by color and kicking the white interns to the back of the photo.it s pretty fitting that the race obsessed us rep. from texas
holy smokes! even the danish press sees through our idiotic president who becomes a blithering robot when greeting world leaders really lame! 
"who better to help root out terror than a person whose religion forbids them from ratting out someone of their own faith? the fbi and cia are looking to increase the  diversity  of their agencies and that includes hiring more arab americans.one of the ways it hopes to achieve its goal of greater diversity is by holding a career fair in america s most islamic city   dearborn
"i certainly hope hillary picks liz warren for vp! she s such a miserable woman who decided to attack the  manhood  of two alpha males trump/pence what a joke! sen. elizabeth warren (d-mass.) on saturday turned her fire on the newly minted gop presidential ticket
"american citizens should be more concerned about the left and the leftist media s attempt to hide the brutal truth about sharia in america
"the obama eeoc has spiraled out of control to meet the administration s mission of operating a politically correct government.in fact
"lawless
 prayers or candles”?…”stop waiting to be slaughtered and demand our leaders do something!” [video]"
"isn t it great when the day after a major terror attack in france
"rush limbaugh is spot on with his analysis of barack obama and how he has intentionally torn our nation apart
"the lawless and in-your-face behavior that this  president  and his regime have been able to get away with is simply breathtaking she [lynch] could have answered every one of those questions
"if you haven t seethe viral video of a takedown by a russian guard on one of our guys
"so it s just too damn early to tell if the dallas massacre of white police officers is a hate crime? perhaps jeh johnson needs a refresher course in what a hate crime is how about when someone kills people and says it s because they re white cops? even the dallas police chief read off the comments by micah johnson that told everyone exactly why he did what he did. why the confusion? could it be that obama has told his cabinet members to tow the government line and play like they still don t know why the dallas massacre happened? what a bunch of jackwagons!during a sunday morning interview with cbs s john dickerson
"it would appear that barack didn t get the memo. somehow he missed the part where the dallas cop killer admitted he just wanted to kill white people
"we reported earlier about dallas cop killer
 didn’t make her swear under oath to tell truth"
"wow! the people of california might lose the right to vote on taxes? only in california would this even be a possibility!last week the california supreme court agreed to hear a case that could determine whether the right to vote on local taxes
"buckle up america obama still has 6 months to fundamentally transform america. if the media and #nevertrump crowd manages to convince voters to support crooked hillary
fact check! wow! no one knows how to question like gowdy! 
 she will be the next president of the united states”"
"mike rowe of the show dirty jobs has become a common sense voice for conservatives. his message is always on target and his delivery is usually pretty light hearted. we just love the guy!the way i heard it   holiday edition i wrote this last night around 7pm. i m posting it this morning around 7am. i point this out because optics seem to matter more than ever in this day and age
paul joseph watson is the bomb! he makes the greatest videos and cuts through the bull to get to the truth. here s a great example of why america is the best: 
"huma abedin
"please check out the clip below and you ll see what drives conservatives nuts! cnn has every right to question daniel hannan in the interview but notice how christian amanpour gets combative and angry about brexit while she s offending daniel hannan by insinuating that he s racist. conservatives are so sick of political activists as journalists! amanpour is a total political hack who just can t keep her personal views out of her reporting! this is why we boycott cnn!heat street has more:british mep daniel hannan spent nine minutes smacking down cnn journalistdaniel hannan
"this is a good reminder of how important it is to prevent obama from anointing another radical on the supreme court. it might also be a good time for every american to call their representatives in washington. keeping another radical obama appointee off our supreme court could literally be the only thing standing between a free america and one that looks more like venezuela. this is also a reminder for anyone in the republican party who considers themselves part of the  never trump  movement. the democrat party has never been more serious about
"thank god for brave people like this farmer
"reasonable americans expected never expected unbiased justice to be served by eric holder in a skirt friday on msnbc s  morning joe
"is there a law against waterboarding republican senators who continue to be re-elected even though it s pretty clear they should be running on the democrat ticket senate majority leader mitch mcconnell (r-ky) praised former secretary of state hillary clinton on wednesday   the day after the house select committee on benghazi issued its final report.  she s an intelligent and capable person
"it s easy to see why there are so many americans who would rather keep their heads firmly buried in the sand than know the truth about how inept our government officials really are hillary clinton is facing damaging new revelations about the lax security surrounding her emails.watch hillary try to make voters believe she is a  victim  in this insane security risk she has subjected our entire nation to:a daily mail online investigation has found that a second firm   hired to store a back-up of clinton s secret server   was so lax in its security employees failed to change passwords frequently and left computers logged in
influence peddling is what the clintons do and this time it could (hopefully) have consequences. 
"how crazy is it that a fast and furious gun was used in the paris terror attacks? one of the guns used in the november 13
politics before anything else   that s what obama and clinton have in common. putting american safety before politics is what these people were supposed to do but they didn t. shameful! 
"nothing to see here no conflict of interest. how can anyone wonder why americans have completely lost their ability to trust our corrupt government?so the attorney general of the united states just happened to run into the former president of the united states who just so happens to be married to a woman running for president
"the big question in all this corruption is why these people aren t in jail! the collusion between cheryl mills and hillary clinton had to be there. is there anyone out there who really believes that clinton isn t culpable in all this? this entire thing is sickening!remember the accountability review board
this collection of video snippets of the lefty loony media freaking out over brexit is alarming yet really funny. they just can t seem to grasp the fact that the british people want their country back. it s almost like it s just too much to ask for according to these angry elves  
watch this state department spokesperson tap dance around the big lie that the benghazi attack was caused by a video. these people are evil! 
"newsflash hillary war is not aesthetically pleasing! is this the kind of president america would like to have making decisions that impact our national security? if she took away the ability for these 4 brave men to defend themselves
merkel was booed by residents of saxony who re 100% fed up! with her open borders policy sound familiar? 
"obama doing what obama does best putting radical muslims who are a serious threat to our national security back on the battlefield against america the obama administration has released from the guantanamo bay prison an al qaeda terrorist who served as terror mastermind osama bin laden s personal bodyguard
next stop after brexit is the us! judge jeanine nails it and says we need to know the facts to fight this elitist agenda. we re  tired of being lectured to by the fat cats in washington . 
"the anti-establishment tide is rolling across europe. you really can t blame the citizens for being furious at their leaders for allowing the invasion of muslim immigrants into their hometowns and major cities. if this sentiment catches fire in america this summer
"the british people put britain first
"a journalist and author
"everyone s calling bs on the warning that  climate change is a national security threat . the vote in the house came down against the dod financing this bogus plan. call us crazy but we don t believe you: it s actually crazy to me and it should be crazy to anyone in the military
"barack hussein obama has been in over his head since he first stepped foot in the white house. our community organizer in chief just found out how unwelcome his chicago style politics are in the uk   uk independence party (ukip) leader nigel farage told breitbart that the visit by president obama
oh my gosh! obama bashes the  old boys network  and says they need to give women and minorities a  chance to lead . what the heck is wrong with this president? he must really detest white male americans! unreal! 
 veterans and seniors"
"don t let the door hit ya b..b..but who will beat up innocent trump supporters? the assertion of presidential power was remarkable in scale. with the flick of a pen just before thanksgiving in 2014
"don t think for a minute this union-style black lives matter/occupy type  sit-in  wasn t orchestrated in our oval office by our community organizer in chief. obama is desperate to pass gun control legislation before he leaves office. the democrats who are occupying our house floor are only acting as puppets for his radical agenda. as california democrat rep. brad sherman spoke wednesday evening during an unprecedented  sit-in  on capitol hill to demand a vote on gun control
"democrats staging a sit-in on the floor of congress won t go hungry   we spotted their food order on its way into the capitol   and it s pretty damn ironic. a couple carts full of chick-fil-a food were toted in by congressional interns. we get it   protesters gotta eat
000
"the obama administration wants you to feel bad if you don t believe in what they do. this group think is really disturbing! please listen to this rant by gina mccarthy and know that she s as loony as the rest of obama s administration! speaking at mc greenfest
000 since last presidential election…cair applauds"
"this is totally out of left field! vin scully goes off on the evils of socialism-epic! vin scully has strong feelings on socialism pic.twitter.com/7xenf56eoy  timothy burke (@bubbaprog) june 18
"corruption and socialism go hand in hand brazil is no exception!here s the backstory on the corrupt brazillian president and how she drained the coffers. it hasn t helped that the lower oil prices have devastated brazil s economy:the impeachment of brazilian president dilma rousseff is about more than cooking the books to hide election-year spending or looting the state-owned oil company for her campaigns and cronies. what s really on trial are rousseff s socialist policies.those policies drove up deficits to win votes
"    (welcome) to america we hope you enjoy our benefits. please feel free to not assimilate  coming soon: press 1 for english
"we love this guy! trey gowdy gets it and gives a lesson to a dhs thug on due process! yes! for progressives
please note: no press allowed inside or anywhere near the meeting today with the saudi deputy crown prince: 
"paul ryan has had almost 8 years to lead the charge to impeach obama for his unlawful
"florida governor rick scott is not holding anything back. he is angry that obama has made the second amendment the enemy while ignoring isis. we need a president who says my number one job right now is
 her taxpayer funded mom and meryl streep travel to africa to discuss “gender inequality”"
"feeling safer? one of the sitting members on the homeland security advisory council s (hsac) subcommittee on countering violent extremism is a 25-year-old immigrant of syrian heritage who said that the 9/11 attacks  changed the world for good  and has consistently disparaged america
"this is not the first time putin has warned the us to hurry up with its release of hillary s emails. biden better get the emergency campaign team ready. if putin releases the unedited
"nothing to see here. hillary was likely just fulfilling a promise to a foreign muslim donor. it wasn t the first time she gave a  stand down  order and if the democrat party can help it
and if trump did indeed imply obama was working on behalf of muslim terrorists do you believe he s correct?
"as a side note
"oh no! florida killed a counter-terrorism bill right before the orlando attack.florida lawmakers rejected a key piece of counterterrorism legislation earlier this year
"the h1-b visa program is being used and abused by american companies like disney and abbott labs in illinois. disney was in the spotlight recently for an ex-employee s tearful testimony before congress about being replaced by a foreign worker only after being forced to train the new employee. talk about adding insult to injury! more and more displaced employees are speaking out and shining a light on the practice of bringing in foreign workers at cheaper prices in place of americans. the argument many corporations make is that there s a shortage of people in the particular field they re hiring foreign workers for. this is a fallacy and is not true! libertyville
"the house benghazi committee has interviewed two drone sensor operators who were working on the night of the deadly 2012 attacks in libya
"the left wants to change  hurtful  words to whatever they deem to be ok but they got some push back with the order to keep the word  illegal alien  in the library of congress in a victory against political correctness
"the bashing of donald trump is getting so old and tiresome. people with common sense know the truth and know what the left is trying to do. it s the same old playbook of demonizing what you don t like repeatedly. the problem is that americans are finally wising up to this alinsky strategy. you d think the liberals are all coordinating their talking points .hummm  billy crystal bashed trump during his eulogy of ali in a line similar to clinton s speech on tuesday: life is best when you build bridges between people
we recently reported on venezuelans taking trash bags and eating the contents   the end result of socialism isn t pretty. here s a stopped truck being robbed of farm chickens: 
"thank goodness for organizations like citizens united who found out what was going on with a clinton donor getting a position on a security intelligence board with zero experience. please note the video below and how the reporter was to be arrested for asking a question of the clinton crony. newly released state department emails help reveal how a major clinton foundation donor was placed on a sensitive government intelligence advisory board even though he had no obvious experience in the field
the socialist president was this guy s teacher! great encounter with someone who has experienced socialism   great stuff! 
"read anything stephen henderson has written over the past year and you will be hard pressed to find a single piece where he is not crying about some injustice either he or his fellow black man has suffered. anyone who reads his whiny drivel for more than a couple of months will likely need some sort of therapy to keep them from wanting to jump off the nearest ledge on a tall building. henderson is a perfect example of the wussification of the male in the united states. we ve met and spoken with him before. henderson is not embarrassed to say he s a hardened liberal. he blames it on his u of d catholic high school education. he claims they  pumped liberalism and social justice through his veins.  as a catholic
"how does one reconcile this insane interference by the government over how a legal norwegian family practices their christian faith
" i would hope that a wise latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    supreme court justice sotomayoras the main stream media does a hit job on donald trump for expressing his view that the presiding judge in the trump university case is biased against him because of trump s views on immigration
"new york city begs to differ of course
"birds of a feather flock together-dirty politics follows obama and clinton so here s yet another example of these two scumbags doing underhanded deals and lying their way through every situation:  obama s state department is blocking correspondence from hillary clinton and her top state department aides about a controversial 12-nation trade deal will not be available for public review   at least not until after the election. the obama administration abruptly stopped the release of clinton s state department correspondence about the so-called trans-pacific partnership (tpp)
"i ll bet you re thinking this is a joke
this viral video shows a woman ransacking a store after her ebt card had been declined. we re all for help if you need it but food stamp cards are being given out like candy. the big question is why it took so long for the people in the store to push her out! geez! 
"a short excerpt from can s upcoming documentary  exposed: the islamization of our schools .this documentary-in-progress uncovers the ongoing
"bernie sanders likes to talk about how everyone will be equal using other people s money. it s the most asinine concept and it s not like it hasn t been tried before. we love larry elder s personal take on equality and the common sense reasons there will never be total equality especially income equality:is there a more brain-dead concept than to empower the government to fight  income inequality ? what sane
"it s really a pretty simple scheme. obama is placing democrat voters (illegal aliens who are given housing
"swiss voters are deciding whether they want to have a  national salary  for everyone. everyone gets a paycheck no matter what! of course
"how can you be prosecuted for something that isn t true? the climate scam folks in california are planning on strong-arming americans into complying with climate change thought. this is fruit-loops!a landmark bill allowing for the prosecution of climate change dissent effectively died thursday after the california senate failed to take it up before the deadline.senate bill 1161
"our corrupt federal government under the doj is forcing the banks to lend to risky consumers and hen force them to give to liberal groups. extortion is illegal but not when it s the federal government. pretty sick
wow! stunning admission by the state department spokesperson that editing happened more than once by the state department: 
this is seriously concerning! james rosen calls out the effort to censor his question and the answer regarding iran at a press conference. 
"the obama administration has spent over $166 million federal dollars on the childhood obesity program started by michelle obama. what s curious about this is the breakdown in numbers and why only minorities. the obama administration has been dolling out millions to minority only groups to prevent obesity and another program called  padres  to prevent smoking. some of the projects funded through the usda are simply outrageous and reek of fraud and waste: the  latino fathers promoting healthy youth behavior  project is getting $998
"how many times have the press and the left admonished trump for saying we need to do a better job of vetting the refugees coming into america? call me  racist
"it s come to this legal citizens are being pushed aside for the  refugee  invaders. sweden began to import refugees decades ago and now has a reputation for being a failed experiment in multiculturalism. yes
"this report is so outrageous that we could hardly believe it was true. sadly
"now it beings the government has changed who is a refugee to include climate refugees. does anyone else see the insanity in this? this could mean just about anyone who simply claims they fear climate change has harmed their very existence. watch out for this one to be used by anyone and everyone. of course the united nations is behind this redistribution scam along with john kerry:the united nations institute for environment and human security and the international organization for migration estimated that climate change could displace as many as 200 million individuals by 2050. most of these would likely be fisherfolk and farmers relying on the environment for their livelihood.slick scam: john kerry warns global warming will produce millions of  climate refugees climate change
"cair s zahra billoo is so hateful! she tweets out a nasty message every year about our troops on memorial day weekend. the council for islamic relations (cair) has had a bigger and bigger presence and influence on communities across america. don t dare criticize islam or you get hammered by cair. they re counting on people to fear being called islamophobic or other things for this reason
 4 at large! immigrant muslim group ran huge food stamp fraud ring"
"mind blowing incompetence and reckless disregard for the lives of these brave men and women by politically appointed leftists a new service award recently created by u.s. customs and border protection (cbp) for border patrol agents could actually put their lives at risk. the award recognizes an agent who does not use deadly force in a situation where they are confronted by an armed assailant.  they want us to put ourselves in a bad tactical situation
 salt regulation is here because government knows better"
"while hillary doubles down on her false claim that the rules were clarified after she left the state department
"these are shocking revelations that have essentially taken place while america and our elected representatives slept.all of a sudden before obama there was virtually no outlandish presence of islam in america. only 7 years later
 in dark of night vote to approve obama’s transgender bathroom decree"
senator tom cotton is such a great representative and a good man. he hammers harry reid! 
" was hillary clinton negligent or was she doing this on purpose? either way
"the clinton grifters have been at this scam for so long that it s hard to keep up with all the money. in 2007
"our good friends at thomas more law center just won a great case for free speech and the unborn! the judge who rendered the decision is an obama appointee which makes this victory all the sweeter!in a huge victory for free speech and unborn babies
"could this guy be any more clueless? is it that this administration is this clueless or this evil? al qaeda tied leaders who ve been vetted by the saudis are visiting dc do we trust the saudis at all? if this guy knows this man had been vetted by the saudis then why doesn t he know more? the obama administration has been using the tactic of ignorance of situations since day one. eric holder
"vietnam has supposedly made modest gains in reducing human rights abuses but a catholic priest was just released after two decades in a vietnam prison. what on earth did this priest do? well
"for the first time since world war two
"wow! what a commie putz! after lifting the arms restrictions on vietnam
" stunning doesn t even come close to describing the department of labor s waste of the american taxpayer s money!we ve blown $113 billion (yes
"this is maddening! we have a president and congress who do nothing but promote illegal entry into america treason! the obama administration has been releasing thousands of criminal illegal aliens onto our streets. in just the last three years
"the discussion bret stephens had with his 10 year old son
how bad is it in venezuela? people are eating one meal a day and the government is doing its best to cover up the humanitarian crisis. we know about the toilet paper shortage but a food shortage is horrific. the lines for pretty much everything have been very long. there s a shortage of everything. the bottom line is that socialism sucks! 
000 “top secret” emails from hillary…why judge napolitano says this is very bad news for hillary [video]"
"nothing to see here. just keep flying them in
"only the strongest will survive in the dog-eat-dog world of socialism. this is the result of a society that believed the government is more capable of running their lives than they are. this is bernie s world. this is the reality of the utopia bernie has been promising his supporters. these are the same policies hillary is promising she ll support if she s able to escape federal prosecution before the election. by morning
 they put microphones in trees” [video]"
"jeff daniels channels his role as acn s  will mcavoy  from hbo s  the newsroom  to respond to question about trump vs hillary. the only problem with daniels answer is
"matt schlapp
"this huge arrest by the fbi is proof that we need to end the food stamp program as it is now. the fraud is so rampant that even illegals are making millions off of the program and off of the backs of the american taxpayer. we ve reported on way too many immigrants who have robbed the american people by doing the same thing these 22 latinos did. one particular case is of a woman who robbed us all blind of $3.6 million with her food stamp fraud:immigrant ghanaian woman pleads guilty to $3.6 million in food stamp fraud media ignores her immigrant statusyet another case:alabama fraud: food stamps to cash sent to yemenhopefully
"you just can t make this stuff up we have a national security adviser who believes our national security is compromised because there are too many white people in government. unreal! this is coming from a woman who went on 5 sunday morning talk shows and lied to the american people about what happened in benghazi.she s one to talk about putting our security at risk   her track record isn t so great: susan rice had a string of failures in africa before benghazi:from 1995 to 1997
"obama is clearly attempting to strip americans of our right to express our opinions on social issues based on our religion or morals. americans have found themselves in a scary place
"at a campaign event hillary clinton talked to a small business owner who has been hit hard by obamacare. the health insurance for her family has risen dramatically
the deception was really a  glitch sure! 
 cats and birds
"democrats looking for attention and along with every celebrity who has been able to find their way to the burned out city of flint
"who knew legendary rocker roger daltrey was such a patriotic guy? the who s lead singer
"dr ben carson gives his take on loretta lynch calling the north carolina bathroom law controversy like jim crow:  everything is like jim crow. everything is like racism and segregation and slavery. what a bunch of crap. you know
"this will be america if we don t push back! london red buses will have a muslim sign saying  praise allah  when christian signs have been banned. religious freedom is what america was founded on so it would be a great idea to watch for signs of censorship of christianity here in america as it has totally changed the uk.bus adverts are set to carry a slogan praising allah just months after a clip featuring the lord s prayer was banned from cinemas.the slogan reads  subhan allah    which translates as  glory be to god    and will feature on hundreds of buses across the country as part of a campaign by the islamic relief.the group have targeted the ad campaign to raise money for victims of the syrian civil war during the holy month of ramadan in june
"obama and hud want to give one last freebie to the dem voters this fall using your tax dollars! this is a last big push to make the suburbs less white and less wealthy. stanley kurtz has written a book on this scheme and goes into great detail on the plan by obama to force a  fundamental change  in how we live. this is evil and doesn t work. it was tried in dallas with disastrous results! once again
"as if this news
james rosen reports on missing money meant for the benghazi investigation: 
"of course obama the putz blames too little government for the poisoned water crisis in flint obama to congress on flint aid: #doyourjobon a trip focused on letting flint residents know they have not been forgotten
"house speaker paul ryan has sour grapes about trump isn t this about the will of the people and not the party? instead of embracing the movement that is so amazing with the trump campaign
"below are two examples of the pro-cuba sentiment by the lefty media:travel to cuba is the newest thing among the pseudo-cool useful idiots:sanders noted how many of those on board were eager to get to the island before it was spoiled by capitalism:  the cuba they will see has many americans anxious to get here before it all changes.  passenger sedrick tydus quipped:  i want to get there before burger king shows up.  sanders laughed and repeated line:  before burger king shows up. after the obama administration granted a full roster of concessions (in exchange for nothing) to the communist regime
"we re living in a world where we have willingly surrendered our privacy for the sake of making identification of ourselves
"west virginia has been devastated by a loss of 10
"of course
this is stephen crowder at his best so smart and so funny! 
seriously? obama s transportation secretary is sadly just another racist spouting his slanted beliefs. he might want to break out some common sense and really think about the history of our highway system before he speaks: 
"the irony in this situation is pretty huge. prince didn t like meddling in his music or business but now the government will be  taking over half of his life s earnings in taxes. the problem is that prince wasn t married if he d been married the estate would have gone to his wife. pretty sad scenario of death and then taxes .if prince were married
"265 days and counting is this a warning shot? this chilling footage shows a russian nuclear submarine launching a cruise missile from underwater to destroy a coastal training target.the 120-metre severodvinsk submarine can be seen sinking slowly below the surface of the barents sea as part of russian navy arctic combat drills.then the kalibr missile erupts from the waves in a plume of smoke and streaks away into the distance. a loud rumbling can be heard before the camera zooms in to show the launch site.it is the latest show of strength from the country s military after a number of close passes by fighter jets near us planes and ships.this year russia has increased its military presence in the arctic region where it and other world powers are locked in a battle to claim valuable territory and underwater mining rights.   mirrora russian fighter pilot has provoked fury at the pentagon after allegedly performing a barrel roll just 25 feet from an american reconnaissance plane over the baltic sea.outraged defense officials called the interception manoeuvre  unsafe and unprofessional 
"a california donald trump rally turned into a violent riot by mostly young latinos. this is the result of open borders lawlessness and disregard for other people s right to free speech:hundreds of demonstrators filled the street outside the orange county amphitheater where donald trump held a rally thursday night
723 criminal illegals in 2015 [video]"
the replacement of workers by big corporations is staggering! michelle malkin speaks about the abbott lab workers laid off for foreign workers. 
"here we go again the democrats are trying to erase history at the citadel. jim clyburn is determined to take this fight all the way so the flag will be removed. don t we have much bigger fish to fry? i would think so in the early hours of thursday morning
 you don’t let a friend down” [video]"
 close clinton friend gives 206
"a new report tells us what we already knew about hillary s speeches government contractors paid clinton big bucks for speeches opening a conflict of interest up that calls into question the ethics of the woman who wants to be our next president  grifters like the clintons don t care much for ethics though so this will be spun by the mean stream media and her supporters. pitiful! washington (ap)   it s not just wall street banks. most companies and groups that paid democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton to speak between 2013 and 2015 have lobbied federal agencies in recent years
"global climate cooling warming change frauds around the world are celebrating earth day today. if they were just celebrating god s glorious gift to mankind that would be one thing
"itv reporter: british reporters in various degrees of politeness they have said to you that you should really keep your views to yourself. with that in mind
"obama has filled his cabinet with radical  yes  men and women who hold similar anti-american
"leave it to obama to politicize our money some think the past presidents should be on the money but now obama s made our money like a postage stamp. he s made this political and racial which really is what you d expect from this pitiful man.abraham lincoln will not be the only person depicted on the $5 bill much longer.the treasury department announced wednesday that it will overhaul the design of the $5 note
"the irony in obama s radical treasury secretary s decision to remove  racist  andrew jackson from the $20 bill
"anyone who would look at these charts and still vote for hillary or bernie is basically saying
"obama s goal of making gun control a reality in the united states of america is one step closer
"colonel ralph peters comments on what he thinks congress will do regarding releasing the 9/11 report. unfortunately
"it s great to see one of the justices questioning the dictatorship of obama. the vote will likely be a split vote even though the federal law should be followed. illegal is illegal. if they side with obama then we ll have millions of illegals who ll get amnesty just in time for the 2016 election. couldn t be better timing for barack let s hope that justice roberts finds his  manhood and votes with the american people. chief justice john g. roberts jr. prodded the obama administration monday to explain president obama s immigration flip-flop
 i don t really know about that    nice try hillary! 
"remember the obamaphone lady? federal regulators were instructed to keep a massive fraud investigation under wraps until a day after a controversial vote to expand a program that was allegedly used to bilk taxpayers of tens of millions of dollars
 there are people out there who are giving their lives trying to make our elections secure and they re being called conspiracy theorists and technophobes. and these vendors are lying and saying  that everything s alright  and it s not alright. it s as though our country is one country and pretending to be another country. how can this be happening in our elections? watch: 
"this is where we re heading with the obama administration and nut jobs like bill nye. last month
"here s yet another example of the leadership in the republican party putting themselves and their political careers before the american people. rep. john fleming of louisiana is a good man and did the right thing in releasing the truth about the effort to to have a recorded vote. this is why the american people are 100% fed up! with washington!in yet another display of misplaced priorities
"there s been tons of speculation about possible involvement by saudi arabia in the 9/11 terror attack. the 28-page report has been classified but many are calling for the papers to be released. many details have trickled out but americans should know the role saudi arabia played in supporting the 9/11 terrorists:tim roemer told  60 minutes  the two saudi nationals found a way to gain access to housing and flight lessons upon their arrival despite  extremely limited language skills and no experience with western culture. fox news report: lawmakers are calling on the white house to declassify more than two dozen pages in the 9/11 commission report that they say outlines evidence for possible support from the saudi government for two hijackers who settled in southern california.a cbs news  60 minutes  report quoted officials familiar with the 2003 report as saying 28 pages of redacted information raises questions over whether saudi officials were involved in assisting nawaf al-hazmi and khalid al-mihdhar upon their arrival in los angeles in jan. 2000. former democratic congressman and u.s. ambassador to india tim roemer told  60 minutes  the two saudi nationals found a way to gain access to housing and flight lessons upon their arrival despite  extremely limited language skills and no experience with western culture. please watch the 60 minutes 28-pages video: click here l.a.
"the big wigs of business are all in on the resettlement of muslim refugees all over america. there are 20 cities that have been chosen for their  welcoming  grant. this is soros money and corporate money to replace the american worker with foreign labor. it s legal and illegal workers who re provided sanctuary. is your town on the list?bob iger
"here we go again 25 years after the gulf war we re back at it but with isis this time.the u.s. air force has deployed b-52 long-ranger bombers to the middle east
"it s no secret that our military has suffered during the obama years: the u.s. military has been hindered by an overbearing and inexperienced white house under president barack obama
"no matter which candidate you support
"ny gov. andrew cuomo (d) thinks he s the boss of you! he banned all non-essential travel to mississippi after the state passed a religious liberty bill that he called a  hateful injustice against the lgbt community.  can you believe this guy?  the bill
"obama aims to make illegals eligible for federal benefits this is unreal but what s more unreal is that obama gets the vote if the supreme court has a tie vote. oh
this woman is a hero! catherine engelbrecht stood up to the irs after they targeted her. 
"this is such a huge opportunity and the feds probably just scratched the surface.the current state of some american institutions of higher learning
"make no mistake about it
"social security disability fraud is rampant but the latest bust is the biggest ever and could send three men to prison for life. social security disability attorney eric conn and dr. alfred bradley adkins
" we deserve $15 ummm
"detroit and flint
"dinesh d sousa warned us about obama s reduction of our nation s nuclear stockpile in his movie
"president barack obama danced the night away in buenos aires   at a glitzy state dinner alongside argentine president mauricio macri and his first lady juliana awada as part of a two-day state visit. watch obama s dirty dancing display here.when he wasn t sporting a half-naked argentinian woman with her legs wrapped around him
"let s face it
000 free-for-all for minorities in the biggest obama scandal yet"
"the answer is yes but they still haven t recovered 30
"the cost of the obamaphone program just went up 50%. here s why:remember this:  everybody in cleveland have got obamaphone
"are we sure this guy is actually qualified for this job? everything is racist and unfair to the obama minions. it s just hard to take because it s just so idiotic. have a listen and i know you ll be shaking your head like i was:transportation secretary anthony foxx told a crowd in north carolina tuesday that  only 49% of low-income neighborhoods have sidewalks  while more affluent areas have near 90%. in order to have a society where  everyone has a shot at the american dream
"like the soldiers of oden vigilante group we reported about in february
cameras catch two drug smugglers crossing the fence from mexico into arizona does anyone else out there think we need the national guard pronto! 
 fbi badges after attempts to enter restricted areas"
"wow these are some pretty eye-opening statistics republican presidential candidate donald trump has made illegal immigration a cornerstone of his campaign
"was the gm bailout really about american jobs? the taxpayers were sold a bill of goods on the gm bailout and still haven t seen anything but jobs going overseas. the american worker and american taxpayer deserve better!in 2016
"when did americans decide they were okay with democrats exempting themselves from the same laws everyone else is required to follow? fox news reporter leland vittert had a brief exchange with al sharpton and baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake.vittert said he wanted rawlings-blake to answer a number of questions about the rioting over the past few days in the wake of freddie gray s death. he said he asked: what do you have to say to the number of officers injured
"the party s over or is it? hillary clinton and her aides will need to decide whether to lie or tell the truth to the fbi about her e-mail and official business. this puts them in a position of choosing between being honest about those emails
"our most pressing issue is border control and terrorism. if you ve been paying attention to the border issues
"you ve probably seen the disgusting photos of the official school lunch that s now given to your children. it s pretty bad so we hope you make lunch for your kids. we could post example after example of the skimpy and unappetizing lunch that the new lunch program is forcing on kids.  hunger-free-kids  is the name of the program but from all reports we ve heard the kids are starving and not getting enough food. so now the government is going to  punish  schools for not starving their kids? liberal lunacy!the federal government is taking steps to fine schools that do not comply with first lady michelle obama s school lunch rules.the u.s. department of agriculture s food and nutrition service issued a proposed rule monday to codify parts of the healthy
"finally! this ends the court battle so we ll see what happens with the phone the fbi says it successfully used a mysterious technique without apple s help to break into an iphone linked to the gunman in a california mass shooting.the surprise development effectively ends a pitched court battle between apple and the obama administration.the government told a federal court monday without any details that it accessed data on gunman syed farook s iphone and no longer requires apple s assistance. farook and his wife died in a gun battle with police after killing 14 people in san bernardino
"b..b b but what about the wave the baseball game
"wow! aren t foia requests great? you get to read about what really happened or what these politicians are really like. in the case of hillary
"arkansas senator tom cotton came out in agreement with donald trump last week on our role in nato. they disagree on a solution but it s a great idea and about time they bring this to the forefront. senator tom cotton on america s role in nato:arkansas sen. tom cotton on friday discussed his participation in a meeting with donald trump earlier this week
riiiight just  choose from what works  
" obama brings two gas guzzlers on a sightseeing trip just another day in the life of preezy it s really easy to spend someone else s money
"is this not the craziest thing ever? no wonder california is broke! this sounds so much like agenda 21 everyone s on the dole!palo alto is seeking housing solutions for residents who are not among the silicon valley region s super-rich
"january 2017 can t come fast enough for america
 you are responsible for brussels…europe is ‘jihadi central'”"
"this video was published on march 11
 holland to muslim immigrants
"it s hard to imagine a president who could be more anti-american and more pro-terror than barack hussein obama. and then my mind drifts to hillary and benghazi the obama administration is emptying the military s guantanamo bay detention facility of avowed terrorists captured fighting in afghanistan and iraq
"no matter which candidate you support
” with raul castro’s criticism of america.” [video]"
"americans better start fighting back against these people who are shutting down our public roads by hitting these thugs where it really hurts in their wallets. otherwise
" fantastic testimony on the disastrous results of illegal immigration on the black community: flashback: obama wrote in 2006 that illegal immigration hurts  blue-collar americans
"does anyone else out there see a future bmw car commercial with this story? you really can t make this up! it s what we ve come to with the entitled people who think they can buy a bmw with their ebt card. unreal! actually
"george soros seems to be sticking his nose into everything to do with the 2016 election. now we have the chairman of the firm responsible for the online voting on tuesday involved with soros. he s a board member of soros s open society foundation. how in the world could the republicans let this happen? it makes you think the republican party is in the camp of the dems. this is not good! smartmatic group
here you have it! jeff sessions has been a hero in his continued effort to expose the cost to americans when cheap foreign labor is brought in to take over american jobs: 
 beating of couple"
what a grouch! bernie sanders must have had a bad day! maybe he realized he s in sheriff joe s territory now. 
wow! these people are clueless! scary! 
"when far left publications like democracy now and global research start questioning hillary s involvement in the murder of honduran environmental activist
 sasha and malia will join barack on trip to communist cuba…why not
"a student at a michigan high school stood up for his right to wear a confederate flag shirt to school. there is not a rule against it but the principal felt it would interfere with learning. the effort to cleanse america of our past is in full force. confederate monuments in different states have been removed and south carolina removed the confederal flag from its capitol grounds. do you feel this is freedom of speech or that the flag shouldn t be worn to school? caledonia
"mitch mcconnell just made a statement on the senate floor that the senate will  follow the biden rule  and wait until a new administration comes in to consider a supreme court nominee. mcconnell made the case that the senate has the right to do this and that it s not against judge garland. garland is a liberal judge but not as left leaning as some who were considered for the nomination on the supreme court. in fact
"obama decides to nominate merrick garland for the supreme court even though the senate announced they would wait until a new administration to confirm a nominee. this is an attempt to box in the republicans in the senate. this nominee is left on some things and right on others like criminal justice but has been supported in the past as a judge who  will articulate a broad progressive vision for the law . this should be interesting: to be clear
"harvard is agreeing to erase the history of their law school founder to satisfy individuals or groups who don t agree with him. didn t we see something similar to this happening in the middle east? it wasn t that long ago that isis destroyed all symbols of christianity in iraq and other countries because they represented the history of christ and was offensive to the islamic terrorists. did americans think that was okay? this politically incorrect nonsense needs to stop before every ounce of history has been sanitized from our public and private schools
"the families of the four dead americans you left behind beg to differ. not that you care
"wow! bernie and hillary have been making hay over the flint water crisis for months now
 mr. obama”"
"since sweden became the #1 destination for diversity and multiculturalism
"this is war and it s a fight for the sovereignty of america two things that donald trump said have been controversial and taken out of context by the left. much of the protests against trump are based on the promise he made to close the border with mexico by building a wall. the desire to halt  refugee  resettlement of muslims to america is the second thing trump said that s gotten everyone on the left freaking out.do americans not have a right to closed borders and proper vetting of muslim refugees?we are footing the bill with our tax dollars for all the goodies the illegals and refugees get when they arrive. yes
"apparently being the wife of a former democrat president and serial pervert
"the cuban vote is a conservative vote so hillary and bernie might want to steer clear.every election cycle
 he ain’t going to have to worry about surgery.”"
"everyone needs to read this letter (click here) from apple s ceo tim cook to their customers before they chose sides in this issue if the fbi wins in its case against apple to help it unlock the san bernardino killer s iphone 5c
"in a shocking exchange on wednesday
"loretta lynch is claiming she doesn t have to pursue criminal charges if the fbi recommended them. what a sham! attorney general loretta lynch indicated wednesday that the law doesn t require the justice department to pursue criminal charges against hillary clinton for her use of a private email system
"the deschutes county sheriff s office says the shooting of lavoy finicum was justified. shocking cell phone footage captured from inside the truck of lavoy finicum
 levoy finicum [video]"
 france and eu invasion of phony refugees [video]"
"this ll be about as bad as it s been in seattle where this policy has been a complete failure. we ve reported on men entering the women s locker room while young girls are there. this opens the door to so many issues including sexual assault and total law suits from traumatized people. with the left it s all about how you feel and not about the truth. that s a problem when you re dealing with gender in a public place. i have three young girls and would never want a man to be in a locker room with us. mayor de blasio signed an executive order monday requiring workers in city-owned buildings to let people use bathrooms based on their gender identity
this man is a great patriot! retired general  ace  lyons rips into the obama regime like no other and it s honestly pretty frightening. 
528.65!"
 mi amnesty so they can get free sh*t from taxpayers"
former attorney general michael mckasey lists 4 laws hillary clinton appears to have broken:  there s one that says you can t put classified information in an unclassified setting. that s the one that general petraeus was convicted of on his own plea. there s one that says that you can t expose national secrets through gross negligence. then there s one that says you can t destroy government information. and then there s one that says you can t obstruct justice.  
"this is proof that the government will tax just about anything! calling tampons a luxury item is just about the most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard. condoms are not taxed though?it s that time of the month
"a report just came out about the crazy huge numbers of illegals crossing our open border. yes
"the number of americans on food stamps is at an all time high!  obama crows that the official unemployment rate is much lower than it was a few years ago. too bad the statistic is meaningless:despite the unemployment rate being at an eight-year low (4.9 percent as of january 2016)
"this is barack obama s justice department and loretta lynch is just taking orders. this is a big development!the justice department has granted immunity to the former state department staffer who worked on hillary rodham clinton s private email server
"yes
"this letter was sent to 100% fed up! by an anonymous author:it doesn t matter who you support for president in 2016. this letter will make you want to stand up and cheer for the 80 year old american who expresses what most of us are feeling right now. enjoy rnc p.o. box 96994 washington dc 20090-6994dear representative
"while our eyes are on the invasion of europe
"stop counting the votes! your candidates nomination based strictly on the number of delegates they are able to obtain from each state following their elections.watch this great video explaining how hillary can receive less votes
"recently
"how long will it take for obama s army to descend on mississippi? black lives matter is far from a spontaneous movement. obama and his race hustler friends have been working towards this goal for decades. it s really quite sad to see the racial divide in america today. college kids are being indoctrinated into thinking white=bad and black=victim. how can this possibly be a good thing for our nation? obama has made no secret about wanting to take america down a few notches
" i m convinced the freedom from religion group of atheists didn t get enough attention when they were kids. they re perpetually offended by just about everything. here s yet another case of them mocking a nativity scene with a childish display and then suing the texas governor when he took it down.texas gov. greg abbott is being sued by an atheist group over his decision to remove its nativity-scene parody from the state capitol in december.the freedom from religion foundation announced a federal lawsuit against abbott in the western district of texas
"we are two moms who have put our lives on hold to do everything in our power to fight the progressives on the left from stealing our freedoms and the future of this great nation from our children. over four years ago
"helloooo! where the heck is congress? $7 billion dollars stolen from the treasury because our congress has no clue and is just letting this lawless president rob us blind! how did this fly under the radar last year? because no one   especially members of congress   has read the law. insurance companies weren t about to object to getting more money than the law allows. the obama administration will tell any lie and break any law to prevent the president s signature health-care program from collapsing.insurance companies such as unitedhealthcare and aetna are losing billions trying to sell obamacare plans
 
"european nations have naively opened their borders to millions of muslim males who have no intention of assimilating. as they make their way across europe
000 illegal kids have been able to avoid deportation"
"finally! the h-1b visa program has been so abused by american companies like disney! it s about time that an employee will testify to tell his story of total humiliation at having to train his replacement after being laid off. can you imagine? this is obviously all about bringing in cheap labor to replace american workers.one of the workers disney fired and forced to train his foreign replacement is scheduled to testify before congress thursday
"senator mike lee gives it right back to fox s martha maccallum when she grilled him on why the senate won t accept a supreme court nominee: martha maccallum (host): the president has laid out i think what anyone would say is a very fair set of circumstances for nominating someone
"loretta lynch is much like obama in that they both feel the ends justifies the means if it s for their political ideology. the eternally wronged believe they haven t gotten a fair shake and won t unless they change the rules of the game. in this case
" americans need to know the truth about apple and what the government is asking them to do. they need to know what apple has already agreed to do for the incompetent government. this article spells it all out before we get into too much detail about the apple vs us government dispute
"the main stream media chooses to ignore the facts about many of the statements made by key senators
president barack obama and first lady michelle obama hosted a reception for black history month in the east room of the white house on thursday . 
"we can t say for sure
"since this article was written in 2006
"pure gold the ultimate race-baiter-in-chief
"if you look closely
"pope francis has joined democrat legislators
"it s hard to read stories like this without wondering how a commander in chief can so easily desert those who sacrifice all for our nation
"we ve made it very easy for you to pick up the phone
 how muslim refugees have arrived in u.s.? how many are christians? [video]"
"every american should know the corrupt un has been
"justice scalia appeared to be in good health prior to his vacation at the cibolo creek ranch in texas owned by texas millionaire businessman and democrat donor john poindexter. many believe the timing of his death is too coincidental. after reading the details provided and sourced below
"judge sri srinivasan is a possible pick for obama to replace justice scalia on the supreme court. we only know one particular case where he paved the way for gay marriage. social issues like abortion and gay marriage are big sticking points for conservatives. could a judge who has no track record on social issues be appointed by obama? this would be a smart move on obama s part because there would be no ammunition for declining this nominee. one possible contender to replace justice antonin scalia on the u.s. supreme court is an indian-american appeals court judge
"stop the invasion of cubans! the invasion of central americans continues but now we have the addition of cubans. we cannot afford to support these people! it s a free for all:they walk out to a laredo street and are greeted by volunteers from cubanos en libertad
"there is no other president in the history of the united states who has mastered the art of going around congress to achieve his radical goals
"it was just announced that there will be no autopsy of justice scalia after he was found dead in his room of  natural causes . does anyone else out there think it should be mandatory for an autopsy to be performed? since justice antonin scalia was found dead in his resort hotel room at cibolo creek creek ranch on saturday
"if our next president is a republican
"pray for our nation fox news reported this afternoon that barack obama can appoint a left-wing supreme court justice after the republican senate adjourns on january 3
 democrats demand obama chooses his replacement"
"antonin scalia was one of our most reliable
"negotiations to surrender currently live-streaming from the scene on youtube (below)nevada rancher cliven bundy arrested on way to malheur wildlife refuge
"some great news on the carbon emissions rule! the supreme court agreed to stop enforcement until legal challenges are resolved. this power grab is something that s not good on any level and in spite of the statement that it would create job it s a job killer! just ask anyone connected to the coal industry.a divided supreme court agreed tuesday to halt enforcement of president barack obama s sweeping plan to address climate change until after legal challenges are resolved.the surprising move is a blow to the administration and a victory for the coalition of 27 mostly republican-led states and industry opponents that call the regulations  an unprecedented power grab. by temporarily freezing the rule the high court s order signals that opponents have made a strong argument against the plan. a federal appeals court last month refused to put it on hold.the court s four liberal justices said they would have denied the request.the plan aims to stave off the worst predicted impacts of climate change by reducing carbon dioxide emissions at existing power plants by about one-third by 2030.appellate arguments are set to begin june 2.the compliance period starts in 2022
"these grifters have no shame. how much more evidence do americans need to see before they understand hillary has no interest in our nation s security? how much more evidence do we need before the everyday american queen of the clinton crime syndicate is sent to prison? judicial watch today released nearly 70 pages of state department records that show that former secretary of state hillary clinton and her top aides
"is the government of austria harboring violent criminals instead of deporting them? it appears that this is a pattern in europe where muslim refugees are denied asylum yet don t leave. open borders via the european union only helps facilitate this. america is doing the same thing with our open borders. there are many similarities with our visa overstays and the illegal aliens crossing every day.swiss police have arrested a man suspected of murdering an american woman who worked as a nanny in vienna
"weakness invites aggression and it s hard to imagine we could have a weaker
" 2 corinthians 9:7 each one must give as he has decided in his heart
"so far
"enough is enough! german citizens are witnessing the fast-track decline of their nation. does america need to look any further than germany to see that bringing in hundreds of thousands (in germany s case millions) of muslim men from countries who have no interest in assimilating in the western world
can you do it? we d love to know what surprised you. via: playbuzz
"before we get too far into this story
this is a warning from reagan: those voices don t speak for the rest of us it rings truer than ever  
"has anyone else out there noticed the total bias with promotion of certain candidates running for president? i ve noticed who they re supporting like never before. i should say i ve noticed who they detest also trump no matter which candidate you support
000+ radical islamists ready to attack…over 100 isis members among refugees"
"the big question is who
"during the democrat s debate
 other radical groups"
"this is the best explanation of why obama and the democrat party are fighting so hard to keep the us state department s refugee resettlement program going strong.  please share this with everyone who s been wondering why the democrats are so eager to bring muslim immigrants from countries who hate us
 shocked by armed checkpoints
"the house of representatives voted tuesday to end fraud within the department of housing and urban development that has allowed millionaires to live in low-income housing for as low as $300 per month. read more: wfbthe effort by the feds will put people in a pickle. many who can t afford a home will go to apartments. time to get with the real world and actually get off the dole the department of housing and urban development announced tuesday that it would consider evicting tens of thousands of public housing residents who earn too much money to qualify for public housing.the announcement comes in response to a july audit from the department s office of inspector general that revealed over 25
"perhaps merkel should have considered the serious consequences of germany s compassionate open border policy that allowed over 1 million (mostly) muslim males to infiltrate their country. german officials essentially granted them permission to rape and sexually assault their women and children while they looked the other way. but that s not all germany is giving them free food
"ed henry of fox news tells us tonight that hillary clinton lied again! just hours before the very important iowa caucus
"on friday white press secretary josh earnest told reporters some officials at the fbi have said hillary clinton is not a target of the current investigation.these latest comments by the obama white house reportedly have fbi and justice department officials  super pissed off. catherine herridge reported:that statement by josh earnest has got the back up of our contacts at the fbi and justice department for two reasons  they are super pissed off to use a technical term. number one
"the haunting words the day before his death will have you questioning so much about how the fbi handled the oregon standoff.  in the video below
"lol! you ll want to share this with everyone democrat convention schedulemonday
"this new effort to have companies report to the government is really rich. if you look at this subjectively
000 fine"
 and oregon protester in face"
"the muslims faith must be protected at all costs it s the obama way during a news briefing delivered at the all dulles area muslim society mosque in washington
this woman nails it! language alert! 
"the patriot spring is coming this excellent piece by geert wilders predicts an awakening of national pride in europe and in america a revolution
"you can blame the escalating debt on obamacare and taxes we can thank obama for this the federal government will be flirting with $30 trillion in debt within a decade
"you seriously can t make this up. this democrat run city is officially out of control. we reported before that the epa knew about this crisis long before they told anyone
" one way or another
"leave it to obama to take to fear mongering to try and convince voters to vote for socialism what a putz!president obama would much rather critique the republican presidential race than the democratic contest between hillary clinton and bernie sanders
"skipping customs at jfk might seem like a great thing for passengers arriving on an international flight but those passengers might be putting all americans in danger by doing so. for the second time in a few months
"here we go again no credit
"america has a  special arrangement  with the saudis to keep secret the amount of our debt they own:  the special arrangement
"reconquista
 “why not peace with hitler?” [video]"
charlie leduff is legend in detroit but this is a classic: 
london is about to find out why putting political correctness before your country is a bad idea by bi: sooner than you think if the labour (far left) party has anything to do with it. labour has chosen sadiq khan as its candidate for mayor of londonistan in 2016   a muslim career politician with strong sympathies for islamic radicals and extremists.: shoebat.com
"morten storm is a former cia double agent who s shocked by the ineptness of our former secretary of state in her lack of security with top secret info related to american spies: he said that during his time infiltrating al qaeda for the cia if he had learned that u.s. government officials were treating highly classified intelligence so haphazardly
"wouldn t it be great if the obama administration came out with something regarding the terror risk revealed by the fbi?fbi officials sent out a memo warning of terrorist attacks at super bowl 50 that could take out the entire fiber-optics system that feeds the arena. if the fiber-optic cables get cut
"apparently it takes just one american student to destroy the unity in north korea:north korea has detained a u.s. university student
” “even expected” iran will use $billions in sanctions relief for terrorism [video]"
"poor hillary
"the children were nestled all snug in their beds when oops! an illegal alien pedophile slipped through their window. these worst of the worst criminals are crossing our borders every day as our us border agents are given the  stand down  order by a man so hell-bent on a one-party system that he will risk the safety and security of our children and grandchildren. barack obama s kids will never have to worry about safety
"oh boy! ginsberg woke up and is leading a decision against big business is anyone surprised by this? we d love to know your opinion.washington   the u.s. supreme court on wednesday issued the first decision in a series of class action cases this term that are widely viewed as attempts by business interests to shut the courthouse door to consumers and everyday plaintiffs.in a 6-to-3 opinion in campbell-ewald v. gomez
"a park service employee is caught on tape telling how she swindled two wwii vets out of land worth millions more. federal land grabs aren t funny but this woman thinks it s just hysterical. we went out to the mine and the owners were two little guys that had been in the second world war
"in case you don t live in the midwest
"where s the accountably? as our president ramps up his gun control rhetoric in the u.s.
 don’t watch this american pastor’s rant: “has america gone stupid?”"
"she s the most dangerous
"so far
 go to jail [video]"
"it s good to know there are a few hollywood celebrities who haven t bought into obama s false messiah b.s during an appearance before the u.k. s house of lords on tuesday
 poverty-stricken
"this is a mind-blowing interview that confirms much of what many of us suspected about the clintons. for some
"whiskey tango foxtrot!the united states  sent iran $400 million in debt plus $1.3 billion in interest
"hillary was too busy to be bothered with making benghazi a safer place for ambassador stevens
wish we could clone this guy   we love daniel hannan! we couldn t have said it better! 
"no wonder obama didn t offer up a prayer
"1.5 trillion net wealth lost in 15 days!it s never about america
"you can believe that if this incident with iran kidnapping our sailors had happened under a republican president
"is the european gravy train finally coming to an end?the danish parliament is considering a bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their benefits.the leftists are very upset about this commonsense legislation. daily sabah reported:a controversial danish bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their stay in asylum centers looks set to pass in parliament after the government on tuesday secured a parliamentary majority.parliament was set to begin a series of debates on the bill yesterday
" 13 hours  debuted in movie theaters today. so far
"are you tired of supporting companies who are couldn t care less about the future of this nation? are you tired of giving jobs to people who break laws to enter our country or who are being vetted by the un and coming here through a state department sponsored program on our dime? then take a stand and stop supporting them! when i saw the article at the wall street journal this morning that gushes about how wonderful it is that the international rescue committee is giving out loans to refugees to start businesses
000 “refugees” from latin america to u.s."
"and what about the female sailor in the headscarf? what was that all about? do all the female hostages of iranian revolutionary guard have to wear headscarfs so as not to offend them? this whole capture of the navy boats and the hostage taking of our u.s. sailors just wreaks of something that s been in the workings and was not as spontaneous as obama s spokes liar would have us believe iranian state-controlled news outlet tasnim released video wednesday afternoon that shows a u.s. sailor apologizing for purportedly infringing upon tehran s sovereignty.pictures published by #iran state tv from the moment #us marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/bcekajgpb9  abas aslani (@abasaslani) january 13
"the world is stunned by the number of women and children who are being raped by muslim  refugees  in europe. obama just announced today
"thanks to the funding our gop majority congress approved at the end of the year
"of course
"(function(d
epa chief gina mccarthy reveals a bad habit her family had and one she s sure all other american families had as well. does anyone believe this? i know i was taught not to do this and really don t know anyone who just flings stuff out the window. this woman is the same woman who believes we re all nuts if we don t follow along with the global warming scam  
"// <![cdata[ (function(d
"so in an effort to reach out to muslims living in america
"this is possibly the most disturbing video we have ever posted on our website. this is an example of the  rape game  called  taharrush  german authorities now admit the muslim migrants brought the  taharrush  rape game to europe and showcased it new year s eve. sexual attacks on western women were reported in cologne
"the results of this town s gun ownership mandate shows what happens when there are armed civilians out there in 1982
 where are they moving to…and why?"
"this isn t just any church organization
"there are so many reasons for this little coward to leave america and travel abroad for the duration of his term. does he have knowledge of an imminent attack on america and wants to be overseas when it happens? is he using taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for un secretary general? perhaps he wants to be on the other side of the world when criminal proceedings against hillary heat up? plotting against america for seven straight years can be exhausting. maybe he just needs a break? or perhaps it s just as simple as wanting to hit some international golf courses on our dime. whatever his reasons
 why i’m so hostile…and how “your political beliefs are a threat to liberty – not just for me
 fda
"the question is who obama will protect? will he stand by his  yes woman
"dinesh made some frightening predictions in his blockbuster movie
"they knew! can you believe these people? fox news reported earlier that the release of this report was delayed twice today. now we know why they released it late. these people are sickening! please never forget these american heroes left to die by this woman. the u.s. state department told a watchdog group in 2013 that it didn t have any information about former secretary hillary clinton s emails
"the mother of the 19 year old immigrant blames the murder of the wwii veteran
 sexual assault by muslim migrants for not defending themselves"
"unlike our racist
 are not’ [video]"
"there is nothing about obama s executive order gun grab. barack hussein obama has an agenda that
"a clear violation of obama s lopsided  deal  with iran hey barry do you still think iran wants to be our friend? what was the rush for america to cave to iran while totally ignoring their nuclear ambitions?  iran unveiled a new underground missile depot on tuesday with state television showing emad precision-guided missiles in store which the united states says can take a nuclear warhead and violate a 2010 u.n. security council resolution.the defiant move to publicize iran s missile program seemed certain to irk the united states as it plans to dismantle nearly all sanctions on iran under a breakthrough nuclear agreement.tasnim news agency and state television video said the underground facility
"he s pro-gun
"following obama s phony tears
 obama just can’t help himself: u.s. allies say obama has secretly chosen sides in saudi arabia
"one word china that s the only reason you should be furious with our government that s usually overreaching but not so much in this case. because we were being penalized by the who
"facts are funny things ever wonder why the left is so opposed to using them in an argument?cnn law enforcement analyst art rodericktold explained to cnn host brian stelter
” explain why they’re fighting tyrannical government"
"apparently these germans are not interested in becoming another sweden a wordless anti-islamist hymn knocked chart-buster adele off the top of the charts in germany.a wordless hymn by the anti-islamic group pegida called  together we re strong  has knocked pop diva adele off the top of the amazon singles chart.the song has been available to buy on amazon since december 21st and has been among the top 100 best selling singles for four days.german media picked up on the songs emerging success on tuesday when it was still at number 26 in the chart. die welt reported that despite widespread ridicule
"oregon ranchers take a stand: the feds felt a rancher father and son didn t spend enough time in prison for arson so they ordered them jailed again. father and son
"this last year could be the most devastating year for america with obama s attempt at  tackling unfinished business . gun control
 riots
"when loretta lynch was confirmed as the new director of the doj
"dennis michael lynch has made some shocking and eye-opening movies that address our failure as a nation to secure our borders.  they come to america iii: the cost of obama s legacy is his most compelling and shocking movie to date. there are some terrifying moments when dennis goes to
"we can t afford to give our us veterans a proper funeral
"while us citizens are outraged over the removal of christ from pretty much every aspect of our lives
"h1b visas have been the downfall of thousands upon thousands of white-collar american jobs. obama is now signing an executive order to bring even more foreign jobs to our shores. outsourcing american jobs needs to end! you might recall that disney was in hot water for firing american workers and then hiring h1b visa holders. the backlash was so huge that disney rehired some american workers. so now obama is going all out to destroy the american worker in the name of cheap foreign labor what a jackwagon! as the nation prepares to ring in the new year
"just another slap in the face to us citizens. our government arranges massive payments to hostages taken by the terrorist nation of iran
 atheists and anti-american jackasses"
"environmental protection agency (epa) enforcers helped convict 185 americans of environmental crimes this year
"wouldn t it be great if we had someone in government who would take the import of thousands of muslims from countries who hate us seriously?swiss army chief andr  blattmann warned
" this is a call to action you guys always talk about getting off the couch and doing something. how come things in our country doesn t change? well now s the time to stand up and make that stand and make your voices heard. the strangers carrying the whisper of danger arrived in the vast territory of the harney basin just before the holidays.ammon bundy once helped his father repulse the government in an armed showdown on a nevada desert. he was tasered for his effort.ryan payne checks guns at his montana home in 2014. the army veteran created a national network of militia and recently moved to burns to protest prosecution of a prominent ranching family. (cathrine l. waters
"here s one of the few true patriots in congress! justin amash is always doing the right thing with the best interests of the american people in mind. we can t say that about many of our rino congressman! thank goodness amash is calling attention to the cybersecurity act of 2015 it s not what you think it is!congressman justin amash (r-mich.) plans to introduce legislation to undo a cybersecurity law that critics say secretly allows the federal government to spy on americans.the cybersecurity act of 2015 was included in congress  year-end spending bill
"isn t this a slippery slope even though it might reduce the isis traffic on twitter. freedom of speech is being challenged waaaay too much these days and here s yet another example:twitter has clarified its definition of abusive behavior that will prompt it to delete accounts
"it s interesting to note the terrorist organization linked to this mosque (and funded with our taxpayer dollars)
"during obama s campaigning in 2008
000 fine"
"do you think our gun grabber in chief should be next?virginia state senator bill carrico (r-dist. 40) is responding to governor terry mcauliffe s (d) relentless gun control push by introducing a budget amendment to remove funding for mcauliffe s protection detail.carrico said
"apparently free housing
 prostitution and human slavery?"
" we ve reported on the lines for food and shortages of things like toilet paper in venezuela but this is really sad. the people of the chavez lead socialist country are suffering so much that they say that  christmas is dead  to them. they worry more about food than giving presents ah
"paul ryan is just like all the other establishment politicians from both sides of the aisle who have sold the american worker down the river for cheap labor. foreign workers have been coming in to america by the droves to take over jobs that americans had. in some cases
"the transportation security administration (tsa) screeners at airports can now force passengers to go through body scanners
"interesting isn t it? it s christmas eve and 16 pages of e-mails are released. these are not just any old e-mails. these e-mails are very important to finding out what happened the night of the benghazi attack. here s the hill s take on why these were released today:the documents were released as part of a  proactive disclosure  under the freedom of information act. the government and public relations firms have been known to release unflattering information around major holidays or weekends to blunt the news effect.the office of the director of national intelligence (dni) released a handful of sensitive documents thursday morning dealing with terrorism suspect anwar al-awlaki and the terrorist attacks in benghazi
"americans should pay close attention to this story
 as they know 2016 election will decide america’s future"
"say it ain t so! the new york town of bethlehem is being cleansed of all things christmas and hanukkah. any and all signs of christmas including a town sign that says merry christmas are gone. we can only say bah humbug! that little town in upstate new york shut down any hopes of happy holidays by voting to not display any  merry christmas  signs in public   and even taking down a banner for hanukkah
"the monthly cost for the feds to pay for food stamps is sickening. we re at an all time high for people receiving help with snap. you might think it s because there are so many people who need it..wrong! it has become a debit card for some to just buy whatever they want with it. yes
"the irs is the epitome of an incompetent government agency the internal revenue service issued more than $46 million in erroneous tax refunds due to a computer glitch and ineffective monitoring
"never mind that iran continues to violate obama s lopsided deal senior obama administration officials are expressing concern that congressional attempts to tighten laws preventing terrorists from entering the united states could violate the iran nuclear agreement and prompt tehran to walk away from the agreement.congress is considering measures that would tighten the visa waiver program to make it harder for potential terrorists to legally enter the united states by increasing restrictions on individuals who have travelled to countries with prominent terrorist organizations from bypassing security checks upon entering the united states.iranian officials have in recent days repeatedly issued threatening statements to the obama administration
"does anyone remember a time in recent history that candidates in the republican party caused so many hissy fits by the left?// <![cdata[ (function(d
"the controversy surrounding obama s prison reforms continues with the release of more  non-violent  drug dealers. andy mccarthy had this to say about the lawlessness of obama s release of prisoners: in making a mockery of his core constitutional duty to execute the laws faithfully
"the politically correct country of sweden paying a very big price for their kindness
" if you re like us
"every american should be demanding answers about why barack hussein obama is in such a hurry to empty gitmo before he leaves office. illegal alien prisoners are being released at an unprecedented rate. our borders are being left wide open by a president who s demanded our us border agents stand down. visas are being given to people coming here with the sole intention of harming innocent americans. law enforcement has been ridiculed and weakened by a spiteful racist and his willing accomplices in the media. what do we need to do to alert the kim kardashian followers our united states of america  is intentionally being destroyed by a radical in the white house?national security: the pentagon has cleared the release of 17 more terrorist detainees from guantanamo bay prison. president obama puts jihadist boots on the ground before mobilizing u.s. troops in the middle east.a congressional aide told fox news on thursday that the white house s strategy in the decision this week to set free more terrorist prisoners from the gitmo facility in u.s.-controlled territory in cuba is to get the number of detainees there to  as low as they can get
"we ve been following this push to remove all statues related to the civil war. it was basically ramrodded through by the mayor and other pc idiots. this is our history and is honoring those who fought in the civil war. is anyone else sick about this? if you ve ever been to new orleans you would remember the beautiful statues sprinkled around the city. it s part of the charm and the rich history of new orleans.  this is wrong
"paul ryan s  omnibus  spending bill gives obama funding for his syrian refugee scheme
"the american taxpayer is on the hook for the millions and millions it costs to house and feed these kids. record numbers came here with over 10
"there must be something in the water in washington how idiotic are these people? the senate armed services committee has asked for copies of defense secretary ash carter s personal emails after carter acknowledged in a statement that he had used a personal email. the statement followed a new york times article saying it had obtained 72 of carter s work-related emails that he sent or received from a personal email account. the times said it was given the emails in response to a freedom of information act request. after reviewing his email practices earlier this year
"speaker of the house paul ryan is officially a total sellout! he agreed to a $1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill with obama late wednesday night that increases unskilled guest workers allowed into america significantly. under the bloated $1.1 trillion bill
"funding for sanctuary cities
"our children don t need the epa to tell them how to celebrate bah humbug!the environmental protection agency is asking americans to consider giving gift cards for christmas presents this year to save the environment.in its tips to  reduce waste for greener holidays
"these videos are very disturbing. americans are headed down this path if we don t fight back against the left who put political correctness before our national security a german court has ruled that islamists who patrolled a city s streets as  sharia police  did not break the law and will not be prosecuted.here is what a sharia patrol looks like:nine were arrested in september 2014 after patrolling streets in wuppertal
"take notes america! germany s angela merkel has just promised to dial back on immigration but it s really too late now as you can see in this video from vlad tepes: quantifying the impact of border trash:apprehensions of individuals by the u.s. border patrol as a result of illegal immigration vary every year. current u.s. border patrol statistics indicate that in federal fiscal year 2015
000 syrian refugees"
"debbie wasserman-schultz didn t ask members of congress to bring a relative of an american citizen murdered by an illegal alien to the last state of the union. she didn t ask them to bring a spouse of a police officer killed as a result of obama s war on law enforcement. what about asking them to bring a christian or jewish family member from the san bernardino muslim terror attack? do they not qualify as  victims  deb? it s odd how the democrats pick and choose who does
"a petition started by government workers has over 70
"judicial watch has been the one organization that s been reporting on the crazy expensive trips the obamas have taken since day one. barack obama has been savaged by a top spending campaigner for taking the first family on an eighth consecutive christmas vacation to hawaii
"trey gowdy destroys this clueless dhs employee when asking about the due process of getting on the terror watch list. her response is priceless:  i m sorry
"talk about a flawed strategy! obama is doing everything he can not to bomb these terrorists so they re growing and rowing..they have propaganda centers in iraq
 torches"
 no jobs
"did you know that a record number of illegals crossed our border last month? while we re focusing on the syrian refugee influx
"jim comey gets a 10 year tenure as fbi director so obama can t touch him. he s a 6  8  dynamo who s single-handedly trying to be the voice of truth in a sea of liars and crooks. judge jeanine tells obama in her opening statement last night to
"march 1st is the day! vote for becky gerritson for us congress in alabama s 2nd district!we love this woman! becky gerritson embodies everything that makes america so special and unique. she is a  limited government conservative  who is passionate about preserving and protecting the united states of america and everything we
"while you were distracted by the syrian refugee crisis
 then sending them back to be slaughtered?"
"it s almost as though we don t even have a constitution never let a crisis go to waste president barack obama s advisers are finalizing a proposal that would expand background checks on gun sales without congressional approval.white house adviser valerie jarrett says the president has asked his team to complete a proposal and submit it for his review  in short order.  she says the recommendations will include measures to expand background checks.jarrett spoke wednesday night at a vigil for the victims of the newtown shooting
"the woman in the picture above
"it just doesn t get any worse than this. the idea that we aren t giving our veterans the best health care available is beyond the pale a wounded veteran and single father of three suffered burns when he bravely crawled back into a truck fire to save two soldiers who eventually died.the veteran s mother is now selling a letter she received from president obama to help pay for his healthcare costs. david mckimmey is likely to lose his leg
 he speaks for the masses…who can blame americans for not wanting to end up like uk? [video]"
 236 muslims"
"thanks to daniel greenfield for digging up this bombshell of a fact: carter did what trump just announced he d like to do. this reminds us all (i hope) that we ve been doing this muslim terrorism thing for waaay too long! it s been decades of dealing with this barbaric behavior and hate. if you ve never seen  argo 
"since obama was sworn in as president hundreds of thousands of  refugees  have come to america most of them muslim. we re also seeing thousands of people from all over the world cross our southern border illegally. with the virtual invasion via illegals and refugees
"a shameless promotion of amnesty by our feds. obama and the democrats are willing to do whatever it takes it s all about the votes the obama administration is encouraging the 8.8 million eligible lawful permanent residents to become u.s. citizen with efforts aimed at raising awareness about the process and pressing more immigrants to naturalize.just for fun the obama regime threw in this silly little reminder (see end of tweet where vote is prominently displayed in upper case letters. this tweet (featured in the spanish speaking video) basically serves as a reminder: if you gain your citizenship through our efforts
"did fdr actually deliver his fireside chats while sitting near a fire? seventy-four years ago
"when wwii veteran and pearl harbor resident
000 years of christianity from iraq [video]"
"update: a leading supreme court analyst thinks attorney general loretta lynch is the  most likely candidate  to replace the late conservative justice antonin scalia.tom goldstein
"the democrats tried to attach a gun control amendment to the bill
"no word yet on plans to de-fund state department s refugee resettlement program
"oh the irony of a terror attack by muslims taking place on american soil on the heels of obama s return from phony climate change summit in paris isis has taken responsibility for the horrifying attacks in paris that have left more than 150 dead and hundreds wounded. french president francois hollande is calling for the closure of his country s borders. president barack obama didn t condemn islamic radicals for the attacks
"why do we allow stories like these to be buried? it s so important for americans to know the truth about how easy it is for terrorists to slip through our porous borders. why do mainstream media sources in the u.s. not report stories like these? when this radical imam was caught trying to sneak into the u.s. in 2011
"is this why we worked so hard to get a gop majority in the house and senate? spineless weasels republican house members blasted their gop leadership wednesday for caving to democratic leaders  demand that they abandon the house s bipartisan bill to tighten screening of refugee applicants from syria and iraq. the bill to bolster the syrian and iraqi [refugee] vetting process passed with a veto-proof majority and is supported by a vast majority of americans
"are you sitting down? the phony baloney climate change summit put on by our dictator in chief costs the american taxpayers close to $2 million dollars. someone needs to shut this grifter down!car service
"how very progressive and how very ironic that our tyrannical president would take the opportunity to address how he plans to implement gun control in the u.s. while standing in paris
"honestly
"obama has waisted billions on green energy but the free market wins in the end with the success of fracking and natural gas. you won t hear this from obama because it doesn t further his agenda to spread the wealth of american taxpayers. obama plans on spreading our tax dollars to india yes
"amen to this! billions of your tax dollars have been redistributed in the name of global warming.  when future generations look back on the global-warming scare of the past 30 years
" the u.s. is the great enemy of mankind!  raved ernesto  che  guevara in 1961.  against those hyenas there is no option but extermination. we will bring the war to the imperialist enemies  very home
"update: no #blacklivesmatter protests plannedchicago has no shortage of thugs. what they do have a shortage of is support from the #blacklivesmatter terrorists and obama regime. you don t hear our community organizer in chief running to a microphone every time a young black man or woman is murdered at the hands of another black man or woman. sadly
"this is some pretty surreal stuff in the four years since the start of operation vigilant eagle
"countdown until obama is out of office: 347 days 8 hours 29 minutes 30 secondspresident vladimir putin said on thursday that russia had given prior information to the united states of the flight path of the plane downed by turkey on the syrian border. the american side
"isis released a new video yesterday
"why would any sane person choose to enlist in our military when we don t even have a commander in chief who is fighting this war to win?  last week
"this isn t the first time obama left an important figure behind in our war on terror. remember pakistani
"president obama on isis: they re  a bunch of killers with good social media. they are dangerous and they ve caused great hardship to   an overwhelming majority of people.  really barry?  they ve caused a great hardship?  when someone you love has their head chopped off
"donald trump was right again! this is yet another example of the media distorting or just not telling the truth. several news sources have slammed trump and said he s lying about what happened on 9/11. not only is this disturbing
"we ve been over and over the reasons why the washington redskins name is not offensive. even the american indians who had everything to do with the name are saying it s a name to be proud of. our most recent article on this topic:judge orders cancellation of redskins trademark registration   washington redskin s new stadium construction held hostage by petty obama administrationwhen the u.s. labor department s center for civil rights wanted to celebrate its accomplishments last week
 as china reportedly join forces with putin to wipe out isis"
"if seven years ago
"it turns out the words  affordable  and  care  were both horrendous lies pushed by the left in order to prop up the most dangerous man to every occupy our oval office.if you like your insurance carrier
"as the house moves closer to actually representing the will of we the people with this vote
"never mind that a new poll shows americans oppose bringing syrian refugees to america by a 2-1 margin! carry on king barry to hell with the american people for five days a coordinated dc media has been attacking as racists anyone opposed to president obama s plan to resettle thousands of syrians refugees here in america. a new poll shows that the emotional blackmail being hurled by both obama and his dc media allies has failed miserably. by nearly 2-to-1 (53% to 28%)
"our refugee resettlement program needs to bed stopped right now. we need to rethink and regroup on everything about it. the cost is huge but security is a big issue too. here s one example :two al qaeda terrorists who had killed american soldiers were able to enter the country as refugees
"this soldier s story is shocking and heartbreaking
"rudi gets it! the former mayor of new york speaks out on the horrible obama foreign policy and how it created isis: this did not have to happen if our policies were different.  if president obama had listened to senator mccain and senator graham and a whole group of other people
"hunger strikes for the oppressed seem to be all the rage
"time will tell how serious the house republicans are about keeping our nation safe. goodness knows it s the furthest thing from our  climate change promoter in chief s mind following the deadly terrorist attacks in paris
"these videos will shock you. when you think of sweden
"thank god america has people like ted cruz in our senate
 including military forces
this is awesome! cavuto rips into this activist big time! 
"the usps is drowning in debt
"this blogger s piece is a glimpse into the future of america. unless we all find a way to stand together and stop barack obama and the democrat party s fundamental transformation from happening we ll be looking for another country who cares more about its citizens than its immigrant population this is the last post on this blog. i am leaving sweden for good shortly
states have rights too! we love the new conservative governor of kentucky! he means business and it s about time someone stood up to the bloated and over regulated epa! 
just another reason conservatives love ted cruz .share this with everyone 
"so who does canada believe is the actual victim is here?have you seen the cover of the new maclean s magazine? that s rinelle harper sitting down   she s the aboriginal woman who was attacked and left for dead in winnipeg.she became a symbol for racist violence against aboriginal women   though her alleged attacker was himself aboriginal.that girl on the right is amanda lindhout. she was a waitress who decided she wanted to be a war reporter in afghanistan
george soros gets ugly with the name calling that s typical of the left. he praised the united nations representative who called the hungarian pm a  racist  and  xenophobe . doesn t that sound familiar to anyone here in the us who s opposed to the illegal and legal immigrants flooding our nation? threatening the european and american  way of life  is serious and not to be dismissed by name calling. we have every right to want to preserve our traditions and culture. soros has been behind so much of the chaos attributed to the effort to create a new world order and it should be every american s wish to not let that wish come true! 
 end arrests and free health care"
"michigan s republican governor
"take action! call these 18 rino s and ask them why they voted at 1 a.m. on friday morning to give obama a no-limit credit card. let them know you ll be working to replace them in the next election! this past friday at one o clock in the morning
"government waste and abuse runs rampant but this is maddening! the people who receive government housing are checked out in the beginning but then not after the first year. what kind of system is that? we have people making six figures living in government housing??? unreal! here s an example from alabama:mobile
"state reps forced to stand awkwardly in backgroundat one point it appears as though someone approaches the two state representatives who appear to be trapped behind the rambling
"yes this massive protest against america just happened today! thousands of iranians burned the american flag and chanted slogans wednesday as they marked the anniversary of the seizure of the u.s. embassy in tehran by militant students 36 years ago.the annual state-organized rally drew greater attention this year
"lets hope the republicans can push back on this effort by democrats to bail out the horribly mismanaged government in puerto rico. there s also been talk of making puerto rico the 51st state giving it the opportunity to declare bankruptcy under federal code. read between the lines below and you ll know why the dems want to give statehood to puerto rico: according to a report by the congressional research service (crs)
 
"for anyone who s not paying attention to what s happening in the middle east
 but mocks gop candidates: “they can’t handle putin if they can’t handle cnbc”"
"let s face it
"can you imagine? this man goes for a knee replacement and returns home to find the city had demolished his house! talk about big brother!  a long island town hall ordered the demolition of a local resident s house while he was recuperating from knee surgery in florida. philip williams headed to florida last december to escape the winter and undergo an operation. but by the time he returned home in august
"the plot thickens isis is claiming responsibility via twitter for the russian plane crash that killed 224 people. the pilot of the russian plane had reported some difficulty before the crash so the  claim by isis is curious at best. they also released supposed video of the plane crashing (see below).  please pray for the loved ones of the 224 people who died in this horrible crash. isis has claimed responsibility for destroying a russian passenger jet in response to vladimir putin s decision to bomb jihadi targets in syria. the aircraft
"this is orwellian stuff the irs is spying on you-how crazy is that? secret cellphone tracking systems are being used by the irs when they had previously been used only by law enforcement. does this tell you anything more about how the irs has gotten way too snoopy and way too political since they were caught red handed withholding tax exempt status from conservative groups. two top senators are probing use by the internal revenue service of secret cellphone tracking systems that are more often utilized by federal or local law enforcement agencies. irs commissioner john koskinen admitted this week that the agency does use the technology
"oh
"as a side note
"unreal! mooch gets millions for pakistani girls? the american taxpayers should be outraged by this! let pakistan empower its own people! michelle obama has been traveling all over the world with the let girls learn initiative as her pet project. the only thing is that most of the places she s traveled to have a great track record with educating girls. it s just one big around the world vacation for mooch compliments of the american taxpayer. judicial watch s tom fitton had this to say about the trip: the obama family continues to bill the taxpayers for costly tourism jaunts thinly disguised as humanitarian crusades european vacation: mooch runs up a huge tab compliments of the taxpayers could someone please remind this woman that america is broke! as public schools around the united states suffer through a perpetual financial crisis
"does this mean republicans in the house are finally going to start standing up for the americans who elected them to be their representatives in washington dc? does this action represent the change we re all desperate to see now that boehner is vacating his seat? house republicans on tuesday introduced a resolution to impeach irs commissioner john koskinen
" our vision of the world ? where are the catholics who re against this scam? the catholic church has been hijacked by leftists who re following the one world global agenda in the name of social justice: fossil fuel is the cheapest form of energy man has these days
"whiskey tango foxtrot?female soldiers serving at guantanamo bay are not being allowed to transport inmates following a court order issued in response to prisoners who complained on religious grounds
"wasn t the point of obamacare to provide health insurance for everyone? after billions spent on a website that was unworkable and billions spent to set up exchanges across america
"this is a perfect example of big government gluttony and waste we should start here with cuts to the budget. sitting at home collecting a paycheck the government employee is all too happy to just say
"does anyone else see the lunacy in this? you have a broke state that s trying to build a massive bullet train system and is over budget only in america s big government system where the  goofballs think money grows on trees is anyone else 100% fed up! with this bullish*t? i know i am! the monumental task of building california s bullet train will require punching 36 miles of tunnels through the geologically complex mountains north of los angeles.crews will have to cross the tectonic boundary that separates the north american and pacific plates
 while nuns
"if a black man is elected president in a country comprised of mostly white citizens is he still considered a  victim?  and should he spend his entire presidency trying to find ways to punish the country he was elected to represent? it s a rhetorical question of course at a white house discussion about improving the  relationship between police departments and  black americans
"hillary clinton breaks the law
"well this is no surprise but it s still wrong. targeting conservative americans or any american should be a crime.lois lerner will not face criminal charges for targeting conservative and tea party groups during her time at the internal revenue service
"congressman paul ryan received enough support from the house freedom caucus to secure his nomination for speaker of the house as of oct. 23
"do americans even remember the worldwide violence and hate inspired by hillary s announcement that the benghazi attack was a result of an amateur anti-islam video? she was willing to throw the entire world under the bus to save her political career watch video below
"if you ve ever watched the hunger games movies you know that effie trinket is a psychotic woman who looks at murder as a game. she plays along with the hunger games and expects everyone else to just ignore the horror going on around them. she sends the young tributes out to play the game knowing all but one will be murdered.hillary clinton is our very own effie trinket playing along in a very sick game of politics and murder. wonder if she s even thinking about the families of the murdered american heroes.hillary laughs at goper s benghazi question
"how is it that squatters have more rights than legal homeowners?how to take over someone s property and get away with it: adverse possession is a principle of real estate law that gives anyone who possesses the land of another for an extended period of time in an  actual
"but he s pointing the finger at the wrong aspect of violence and death in the black community. if he would focus on the real problem of black on black crime he d get somewhere. how can anyone take obama seriously when he skips over this huge issue? once again
"the shocking truth about how close we are to becoming a one-party fascist statethis is the most brilliant and scary analysis of where we
"the global wussification of the male identifying as a feminist may be more and more commonplace if you re a millennial or taylor swift
"jeffrey toobin chimes in to protect hillary clinton and it is in very poor taste but mostly untrue.  the reason mr. toobin s claim is untrue is that amb. stevens asked for more security 600 times! he knew the dangers but was not putting anyone at risk   it was the state department that failed him by not adding more security!during one of the breaks in hillary clinton s testimony on benghazi
" hillary clinton is a serial liar. hillary clinton has a hard time maintaining a consistent level of truth and that was proven today and it s been proven before  i think hillary clinton should really think about resigning from ever running for any office at this point. she s incompetent.    michael ingmire
"our fbi director has testified once before in regards to the inability to screen syrian refugees. this time he repeats his concerns before the house homeland security committee in a hearing yesterday. is anyone listening or is trey gowdy so focused on the hillary hearings on capitol hill that he s not paying attention to the effort to forever change america. we are scheduled to bring in 200
"our fbi director has testified once before in regards to the inability to screen syrian refugees. this time he repeats his concerns before the house homeland security committee in a hearing yesterday. is anyone listening or is trey gowdy so focused on the hillary hearings on capitol hill that he s not paying attention to the effort to forever change america. we are scheduled to bring in 200
"the european caliphate is in full swing first and foremost
"cnn anchor carol costello acts like she s never heard about the lying that came from hillary clinton when clinton told patricia smith that she d get to the bottom of what happened to mrs. smith s son in benghazi. was ms. costello unaware or was she playing dumb? we ll probably never know but the press has been covering for the obama administration on benghazi since day one. the cover-up is real and it s happening from the press on up to the white house. the bottom line is that mrs. smith is correct and screaming it from the rooftops as any mom would for their child. it s so shameful and sad that once again politics comes before doing the right thing with obama and clinton. both scumbags who left americans to die in benghazi  cnn newsroom host carol costello was taken aback when patricia smith revealed in conversation that she actually didn t know much about what happened to her son   despite the fact that the benghazi attack occurred three years ago. smith responded in kind
"this announcement seems to indicate that the obama regime already knows hillary is going to be walking away unscathed from the benghazi hearings tomorrow   fox news host andrea tantaros is pretty sure that vice president joe biden announced on wednesday that he will not run for president as part of an administration-wide plan to cover up the benghazi scandal.during a discussion about biden s decision not to enter the democratic presidential primary on  outnumbered
"in case you hadn t heard
300+ emails from ambassador chris stevens 2 days before hillary’s testimony"
"why fed up hungarian mayor would send all illegal immigrants to us we are now prisoners on our farms. people s calm lives are destroyed
gowdy hammers it with those who say benghazi was politically motivated testimony is thursday so we ll see  
”"
"new documents appear to show a pattern of deterioration of security at the state department under hillary clinton. the state department s compliance with federal cybersecurity standards was below average when clinton took over but grew worse in each year of her tenure
"this story is for everyone who believes hundreds of thousands of muslim syrian refugees will assimilate once they re dumped in america. here s a newsflash these mostly muslim men are not going to come to america and assimilate. the body of a 20-year-old syrian woman
"we wrote about this particular and ongoing situation in texas but it s getting more and more pressing. the feds are coming in and telling legal land owners who ve owned their ranches for decades that they ll be taking their land:land grab alert: texas rancher could lose 600 acres to feds [video] kauz-tv: newschannel 6 now | wichita falls
"sweden is experiencing what happens when your country puts progressive politics ahead of common sense and national security.  remember to discuss this story with your liberal friends when they gush about how hillary  won cnn s debate.  hillary won the hearts of progressives and the media when she attempted to brand herself  the most progressive candidate  on the stage. a spate of islamist graffiti in the multiculturalist swedish city gothenburg has been compared to the harassment of the jewish community in germany in the 1930s
"just start asking questions and the obama administration reverses course very interesting. the  validity of the claim  that prisoners don t like pork was called into question by sen. chuck grassley and then the quick reversal on the prison pork ban. the obama administration wouldn t be lying? haha! hummm the obama administration did a rapid u-turn on its decision to remove pork products from federal prisons after a few questions from iowa sen. chuck grassley.the federal bureau of prisons  reversal of the oct. 1 menu change comes just one week after its spokesman
"after examining the data reuters used to make their bold prediction
"the corrupt covering for the corrupt. chicago politics at its best hillary clinton could be prosecuted in federal court for failing to tell president barack obama about her private email server at the time she was running it
"meanwhile
"say what?the iranian parliament has rejected the formal
 follow the money
"according to ben miller
"this one sentence should scare every taxpaying american to death: i know we can afford it because we re gonna make the wealthy pay for it. - hrclast night s debate for the candidates running for president on the democrat side proved to be a fluff fest as if santa himself was in the room. free college
"another situation like the bundy ranch land grab has arisen in texas the blm (bureau of land management) is claiming 600 acres of ken aderholt s land and is saying his deed to the land is no good. mr. aderholt has been a rancher on this property since 1941! the best hope for mr. aderholt is if he puts up a big stink like mr. bundy did when people rallied for him. ken aderholt was born in harrold
"thanks to our government
"using state employees to fill a room for political purposes is called  astroturfing . cuomo wanted it to look like people were actually interested in the global warming scam and an appearance by grifter al gore. taxpayer dollars are the real issue here! cuomo thought nothing of wasting taxpayer dollars to give the state employees the day off so they d fill a room ridiculous! gov. cuomo wasn t taking any chances that there might be empty seats at a speech he delivered last week on climate change   so state workers were summoned on the taxpayer dime to fill the audience
"here s the fake black guy
"dear eu government: yes the majority of americans would agree
peters is dead on in his description of obama s foreign policy failures. obama s still underestimating putin and is  chasing unicorns  with his focus on global warming over the middle east and russia.
 many years”"
"i ll bet most americans have no idea that we re in another huge housing bubble thanks to obama s desire for everyone to own a home. remember barney frank and his pals forcing this bubble to get bigger and bigger and then pointing the finger at republicans? well
 but says he won’t run…watch surprisingly hard-hitting interview here"
"yes
"***warning*** graphic photo and videothank goodness israeli s are able to use guns to defend themselves against the religion of peace with knives the latest developments in ongoing violence between palestinians and israelis (all times local):4:00 p.m.israeli police say that in the latest palestinian attack in jerusalem an israeli teen was stabbed while riding a bicycle.spokesman micky rosenfeld said two palestinians stabbed a 20 -year-old as he walked down a street. they then stabbed a 14-year-old israeli riding his bicycle
former house speaker slams obama administration s foreign policy decisions. 
"just take this chemotherapy sweetie..the government knows what s best for you.  oops maybe not this time a judge formally ended the court-ordered guardianship of an amish girl who resisted a hospital s attempts to force her to resume chemotherapy
"wow! what s more shocking the fact that a member of the mainstream media finally crossed obama s imaginary red line or that we have a sitting president who acts like a petulant toddler when confronted with his weak leadership?60 minutes steve kroft is not letting barack hussein obama off the hook when it comes to his failed leadership in the middle east.  barry soetoro
"sure
"thanks to the cato institute we know for sure that government workers are paid waaay too much! an average of $84
"name one time this reckless  commander in chief  has put our men and women in uniform before the war on terror just one.on monday
"this is great! ted cruz calls out the sierra club president on his bogus 97% scientific consensus on global warming. when asked about the 18 year pause in global warming
"the h-1b visa program is killing jobs for native americans! it was just reported in the recent jobs numbers that native-born americans are losing jobs while immigrant employment is up. corporations like disney are bringing in foreign workers with the h-1b visa and having the american employees train the foreign worker for their job. talk about adding insult to injury! this needs to stop but washington lobbyists and the chamber of commerce really can t help themselves they love that cheap labor. the discrimination against americans is very real and it s about time the workers fought back!some u.s. it workers who have been replaced with h-1b contractors are alleging discrimination and are going to court. they are doing so in increasing numbers.there are at least seven it workers at disney who are pursuing
"global warming has been shoved down the throats of every american since the day obama took office. the only problem is that it s a massive hoax that is being used to transfer money from taxpayers to be redistributed amongst the liberal elite and those who the elites deem worthy. one of those liberal elites is being called on the carpet by a texas congressman:jagadish shukla
"mums the word on christian persecution in the white house.  just let them get a whiff of possible injustice against a muslim in america and obama s radicalized doj is on it
"blacks in america are seeing the writing on the wall with the push for mass immigration to america and it s not a pretty picture. barack hussein obama
"the fbi photo warning is from drexel university but all colleges and universities in the philly area are warned. as you ll see below
"buckle up america. barack doesn t give up easily. when he wants something
"the feds are looking at several states to transfer the gitmo detainees to putting the safety of americans at risk over obama s legacy. obama is hell bent on closing guantanamo and has been constantly trying to move the prisoners so he can close the prison and perhaps give guantanamo bay back to cuba. pentagon officials will visit state and federal prisons located in colorado to weigh whether they could be used to jail guantanamo bay detainees as president obama continues to push to close the military prison in cuba.according to the associated press
"the cover-ups and mistruths appear to be numerous. the question americans need to be asking is why?the oregon murderer was a black male. if you don t believe us
"whiskey
"does anyone remember vladimir putin pushing george w. bush around? after years of debating a u.s.-led no-fly zone inside syria to protect rebels and civilians
"sorry david your tough talk comes a little too late. britain will likely never return to her rich heritage and culture. political correctness and bleeding heart liberals can assume the blame for allowing this tragedy to happen british prime minister david cameron challenged president obama with some blunt talk on islamist extremism tuesday during a gathering of world leaders at the united nations to develop an international strategy for defeating the islamic state and other terrorist groups.well aware that mr. obama shuns the term  islamist extremists
"who s ready for hillary?among the thousands more hillary clinton s emails that have been released are ones exchanged with her top aide that may just add to the dilemma facing the 2016 democratic presidential candidate.among the latest batch are emails from her adviser sidney blumenthal.on december 6
"here s a newsflash rand we re not looking for a guy who can win a popularity contest in washington to be our next president. we re actually looking for a candidate who is willing to stand up to politicians who ve forgotten who they came to washington dc to represent we really do love much of what rand stands for
"we have a weak leader in our white house who s willing to be pushed around after leaving a vacuum in the middle east for chaos. putin has decided he s in it for the long term and wants to have his presence strengthened in the middle east since the u.s. has been so absent in the area. remember the red line? that was a big turning point in our president s effectiveness in the area. obama has done nothing and continues to let putin bring in his military mite to take over dominance. so it s a win for russia and putin s desire to be the dominant big gun in the middle east. obama has officially surrendered influence in the middle east and assad is staying. checkmate! fox news: russian warplanes have begun bombarding syrian opposition targets in the war torn nation s north
"how many more are out there doing the same thing as vida? if we ever needed a wake up call that this snap program is out of control this is it! this is your money but it gets worse though causey s massive fraud was noted none of the media reports mentioned her immigrant status.* in 1980 the u.s. had 10
500 foreigners with ties to terrorist organizations"
"if obama had a communist friend he d be this poor victim raul castro the champion of human rights and justice what a dog and pony show.cuban leader raul castro used his first speech before the united nations general assembly to lash out at the international body
"will the new 3-story islamic museum include pictures of americans jumping out of their flame engulfed offices in the twin towers to their death? will it include pictures of the thousands of americans who lost their lives on 9-11 for the crime of living in a western culture that is far from the stone age mentality of the hateful muslims who killed them?perhaps the 3-story islamic museum that will be built on the hallowed ground of the twin towers in nyc will include photos from home
"the answer is anyone but you. did you know that american taxpayers gave the u.n. general fund $654
"while we re so happy to hear that 3 innocent american prisoners hostages may be returned. we re just wondering who the obama regime is willing to release from prison and how 3 american hostages for 19 iranian prisoners is a fair deal? iran will work to free three americans from its prisons if the us releases jailed iranians
"get this
"it apparently wasn t shocking enough when the american taxpayer found out the obama regime spent $500 million to put  four or five  fighters on the ground in syria. this latest news just adds insult to injury a syrian rebel commander who recently completed a u.s. training program has told the u.s. military that he surrendered six coalition-provided trucks and ammunition to an intermediary linked to the al-qaida affiliate in syria
"18 mayors sent a letter to obama telling him that they want more syrian refugees. is your mayor on this list?remember syracuse is the city that saw a beautiful catholic church become a mosque. i m guessing the mayor wants to see more of that because the majority of the syrians to be admitted to the us through the un are sunni muslims. kind of ironic that they penned this letter when the pope was here. does he want more muslims to take over more catholic churches worldwide?clearly catholic charities and mayor miner of syracuse do!from syracuse.com:mayor stephanie miner is one of 18 mayors encouraging president barack obama to accept additional syrian refugees into the united states.miner signed a letter
"the obama regime has already set the ball in motion for  fair share housing  (or social engineering)
"in his final act of putting americans dead last
"how about america calls him out for arming isis with our tax dollars? russian president vladimir putin on sunday branded u.s. support for rebel forces in syria as illegal and ineffective
"our open borders should be a tremendous help to them a german reporter who was allowed to embed with isis in syria-iraq says the terror group is planning a  nuclear tsunami. the jayvee team hopes to wipe out hundreds of millions in a nuclear attackisis claims it is  infinitely  closer to buying nuke and smuggling it into the united statesthe terror group controls territory larger than than the united kingdombarack obama says he has no strategy to defeat the terror group.via: gateway punditisrael national news reported: a veteran german journalist who became the first to gain access as an embedded reporter with islamic state (isis) revealed the jihadist terror group plans to bring nuclear annihilation across the globe.they are planning  the largest religious cleansing in history. the journalist
 russians and syrians set up coordination cell in iraq"
"leave it to our community organizer in chief to bully nuns who ve committed their lives to helping the poor in our country over a contraception mandateif obama s rules apply to these nuns why don t they apply to the tens of millions who are living in the united states illegally?  pope francis paid a short visit to the little sisters of the poor community in washington
" welcoming a pro-life
" it won t lead to any solution. it s a kind of european union dictatorship towards smaller members an extra  1 billion ( 733 million) has been pledged by eu leaders to help tackle the refugee crisis following an emergency summit in brussels.it comes as slovakia says it will go to court to challenge compulsory quotas for relocating 120
the result of britain s willingness to allow muslims to immigrate in massive numbers to their country is shocking. this video is a real eye opener and should be viewed by every american:
"oops! hillary clinton thought her server was wiped clean but it appears as though karma has arrived on the scene. the fbi has clinton s e-mails! maybe she ll finally be held accountable for benghazi. this is going to get very interesting.the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) has successfully recovered personal and work emails from hillary clinton s private email server
"a big slap in the face to an overreaching government who is more worried about protecting the reputations of our tyrannical president in public than our most basic right to free speech the thomas more law center (tmlc)
"obama couldn t just endorse joe biden because like a loyal dog
"america has become entitlement nation where thousands line up for housing   is this a need or just a want? those in need like the disabled or our veterans are the ones section 8 was meant for
what happens to europe if the refugee surge of mostly muslim men doesn t stop?france is becoming unrecognizablesweden now has  no go  zones where police won t even venture into for fear of their own safety. muslim street gangs in sweden are now fighting with hand grenades on the streets. opponents of immigration in sweden are branded as  racists.  many of sweden s residents are liberals who have aggressively outlawed traditional religion. they have replaced it with their own brand of religion with which includes and obsession with anti-racism.over 1 million migrants have arrived in germany this year:they march to austria and budapest:this video pretty much sums up the immigration crisis in europe and how demanding these refugees are once they make their way (illegally) into several countries around europe: 
"today is  schedule your mammogram day  with planned parenthood   pp lies to the american people so we think it s important to call them out on the facts: they do not perform mammograms!please call your local planned parenthood clinic and ask if you can schedule your mammogram with them   do it today! a few years ago
"steve hayes says the biggest scandal yet for obama is possibly the downplaying of the progress of isis in the middle east. basically
"john kerry just announced that america will be taking thousands upon thousands of muslim refugees in the coming months. the refugees are being  referred  by the un so the un is in charge of who comes. this move by the obama administration shows great disregard for the american people who ll be funding this mass migration. this refugee resettlement scam will cost a huge amount of money and you will be paying for it! the refugees get all the  goodies  when they arrive: the federal programs available to them include:  temporary assistance for needy families (tanf) formerly known as afdc   medicaid   food stamps   public housing   supplemental security income (ssi)   social security disability insurance   administration on developmental disabilities (add) (direct services only)   child care and development fund   independent living program   job opportunities for low income individuals (joli)   low-income home energy assistance program (liheap)   postsecondary education loans and grants   refugee assistance programs   title iv foster care and adoption assistance payments (if parents are  qualified immigrants   refugees
"just like obamacare was pushed through
"our friend ann corcoran has been exposing the truth about the us state department s radical refugee resettlement program for years. finally
"if you think this is a good idea then you might be a leftist. our government wants to nudge us to do what they want.president obama announced a new executive order on tuesday which authorizes federal agencies to conduct behavioral experiments on u.s. citizens in order to advance government initiatives.in its 2013 memo
"this is truly a shocking photo. to see these isis flags in the hands of what appears to be muslim men in germany fighting back against the police should give everyone pause the syrian operative claimed more than 4
"if you haven t been paying attention then you wouldn t know that this administration has literally thrown us to the wolves. the un and radical liberals in the obama administration are so hell bent on the global society that they are flooding us with muslim  refugees  and illegals in the name of diversity. the bleeding heart liberals feel the need to shove what they want down your throat without any consideration for the cost to you. if there is one thing president barack obama has accomplished for islam
"yes
"sarah palin can hear putin s knees knocking from her front porch president obama addressed news that russian president vladimir putin was sending russian military advisers into syria to bolster the regime of syrian president bashar assad.obama explained during a town hall event with members of the military that he warned putin years ago not to support the tyrannical dictator. i remember a conversation i had with mr. putin four or five years ago where i told him that was a mistake   he did not take my warnings and as a consequence things have gotten worse
 lie
"#neverforget sean smith
"bill hemmer let mitch mcconnell have it but mcconnell was looking like a deer in the headlights with a blank stare on his face:  people on the outside see this and think that that s just washington doing what washington wants to do. and
"well
the reason the baltimore mayor gives for the huge settlement to the gray family is just insane! just listen to her state that this settlement could prevent a future riot. who is she trying to fool here? is she getting a kick back from this settlement? a much better use for the $6.4 million would be to help the businesses who lost everything in the riots because the police were told to stand down and do nothing while the city burned. 
"this huge rally to protest against the iran deal will be at 1:00 p.m. today on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol
"this case has been on our radar for some time now but will come to a head tomorrow. the government is offering its  last best offer  for the land and they want an answer by thursday. this family doesn t want to give up their land no matter what the price so we ll see what happens for more than 70 years
"you seriously can t make up this stuff state dept's new 'email czar' to deal with clinton records requests donated $2
"this is a perfect example of how the left is able to decide which laws they follow and which laws the rest of america follows kim davis
"barack obama
"watch out america! our president isn t looking out for america s best interests. leaving a leadership vacuum in the middle east has allowed putin to swoop in and fill it. president obama has created an intentional leadership vacuum in the middle east.intentional by design.the two most stable forces within the region
"government officials using other people s money to enjoy a swanky seaside vacation in mexico while discussing how to take away our right to bear arms sounds about right the first annual meeting of the nations that have ratified the 2014 arms trade treaty (att) opened on monday
"ben shapiro makes the best case yet for why americans should support kim davis who s in jail for refusing to give out same-sex marriage licenses:  her arrest represents tyranny   not because there is no legal authority to arrest
" big brother? tracking drivers and their habits   doesn t that sound like an orwellian idea? big government just got more into your business it s a new city pilot program to track how you drive
"john kerry insinuated that war would be more likely if the iran deal wasn t done but military experts are saying the exact opposite. i would have to agree with those who really know what they re talking about military leaders and intelligence officials.the nuclear agreement with iran will increase the likelihood of military conflict
"bravo and spot on!click on picture below to watch :a terrible deal with iran!a video posted by donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) on sep 2
"obama s minions in the democrat party never disappoint in their efforts to support this president on just about anything. mikulski is retiring so what does she care? sad day for america call her office office of senator barbara mikulski 503 hart senate office building washington
if denied by congress it would have  profound implications  for us it would be  extraordinarily damaging . is kerry trying to say that if not for this deal with iran we would be attacked by iran? 
"the news gets worse every day for the clinton crime syndicate breitbart news exclusive: hillary clinton s private email server was housed at the same physical location and on the same network as an email server used and operated by the clinton foundation
"this is so scary for anyone out there but especially for parents who fly their kids to different places alone. this tsa agent took advantage of this young girl who was probably scared to death. horrible!a college student was sexually molested at laguardia airport by a uniformed tsa agent who demanded she go into a bathroom with him after she got off a flight so she could be searched
the sinkhole never got repaired so the people in this detroit neighborhood decides to make lemonade out of lemons. only in detroit! 
 the inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings. the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.  -winston churchill 
"chick-fil-a is in the news again and it s more of the same push for political correctness and the  rights  of the left to not be offended by just about everything. the lgbt crowd seems to be offended by everything under the sun and chick-fil-a s views against gay marriage are especially upsetting to this  special  group.the fast food chain s reputation as a supporter of traditional marriage has drawn another series of boycott threats
"in 1993 harry reid wrote the immigration stabilization act of 1993
"this is a shocking story that shines a bright light on obama and his regime s willingness to give terrorists who kill americans special treatment sgt. 1st class christopher speer was killed by a grenade tossed by 15-year-old omar khadr in 2002.khadr was sentenced to 40 years
"don t you just love the absolute boldness of the mexican government in this move to charge people coming across their border in tijuana? unreal!walking into mexico at the nation s busiest border crossing with the united states is no longer an uninterrupted stroll for foreigners.starting late wednesday
"our current government can t be bothered with resolving these heinous acts against our veterans who rely on our government for their health care. they ve got more pressing issues in our military that need to be addressed
the great question of citizenship  
"does anyone else find it strange the obama would lobby so hard to make it easy for iran to develop nuclear weapons they will likely use against us and our allies in the middle east? maybe he s not aware that we re dealing with a country who has an actual day set aside to celebrate their hate for america and israel iran s quds day: death to america
"are we the mutation nation now? is this person the most qualified for the job or does he/she just fit the agenda to diversify the white house?president obama has made equality for the lgbt community a priority of his administration
"is anyone the least bit surprised that the obama administration hasn t contacted the navajo tribal leaders since the tragic spill of toxic water by the epa? here s a quote from the navajo nation president:  i keep saying when are we going to hear from the white house? not a word
"and the afl-cio is crying in their money pit wouldn t it be a great get to have college football players unionized? the players are students and not employees unless you want to bust this whole thing wide open and tell the truth about how players might be compensated. it s really pretty shocking that the nlrb decided to shoot this down since they re 3-2 dem. the national labor relations board rejected a bid by football players at northwestern university to form a union. in an unanimous decision released monday
"this story gets more and more unbelievable every day the epa has a record of releasing toxic runoff from mines in two tiny colorado towns that dates to 2005
"remember the promise of a fence on our southern border? yes
"gold king mine owner todd hennis says he warned the epa for years about the mine mess
"yeah because everyone wants these guys living in their hometown republican sens. lindsey graham of south carolina and pat roberts of kansas are up in arms about reports that the pentagon is scouting sites in their home states to house terrorist prisoners currently detained at guantanamo bay
"he was just looking to the jobs most americans won t do the transformation of america continues.an illegal immigrant who prosecutors said has been deported from the u.s. more than a dozen times was arraigned in yellowstone county district court thursday on drug charges.alejandro gonzales marquez
"obama s war against america on every possible front last wednesday
"follow the money on this one mexico is spending over $1.6 billion dollars on flat screens for millions at a cost of $145.00 instead of just $40.00 for a decoder box. i m sure if you dig deep enough you ll find some sort of carlos slim corruption. he s the mexican billionaire who made tons of money on the  obamaphone  he provided for america. nice
"beware:  i m from the government and i m here to help.  this is a very revealing interview about the epa toxic water spill out west. the epa is doing its best to cover their bases and cover up any wrongdoing except to throw the locals under the bus. more info from washington times:denver   the environmental left can be counted on to whip up an outcry whenever a private company despoils a gulf
"i appears that hillary clinton is really in a big mess with this e-mail scandal. she could have just turned the server over and dealt with this at the beginning but she s made this into a huge mess. her trustworthiness is about as low as it gets as her opponent gains points in the polls. shades of 2008 with barack obama? hillary clinton relented tuesday to months of demands she relinquish the personal email server she used while secretary of state
 ‘don’t debate about climate change’"
" a bunch of thugs
"it s official! lois lerner is the bitter b*tch we all knew she was when she took the 5th before congress. who s not surprised that she targeted conservatives while she was at the irs. remember lois lerner? how could you forget. she s the former head of the irs  exempted organizations division who was caught using the agency to target americans based on their political views.well we now have snippets from some of her email conversations
 fears it will influence jury: argues isil not a terrorist group"
"so
"the usda is spreading the wealth like crazy with the green energy giveaways of thousands to farmers. we know from past experience that these farmers are given grants and loans for supposed green energy  projects  only to see the scam of pocketing money. the usda had previously spend billions of taxpayer dollars on a project called pigford that was proven to be nothing but an effort to redistribute money to thousands of minorities. the u.s. department of agriculture (usda) is spending millions on green energy projects for farms
"the epa s response to spilling toxic water into the colorado river was to do nothing for 24 hours. can you imagine if a private company had done something like this? does the epa fine itself now? the only thing i m sure of is the epa administrator who s responsible for this should be fired but won t be the epa is known for its hard line on environmental offenders
 lies about treatment by cop…uncovered dash cam shows truth [video]"
"it s time to stop hitting the snooze button america! this crisis is no longer on our doorstep it s here. the democrats
 then botched his resuscitation"
 lt. gov and immigration experts fight back against fed’s attempt to make texas a sanctuary state"
"do you hear that sucking sound? that s the obama regime sucking more and more of your freedoms away every day in northern idaho
"we know that ss disability is full of fraud in the first place so why the heck does the ssa rely on people to  self report  overpayments? just another big government idiotic program wasting our tax dollars unreal!we just reported on the cut in social security payments to 77% and it s no wonder the way they handle our money.the social security administration (ssa) overpaid individuals a total of $371.5 million in disability benefits from fiscal year 2009 through fiscal 2013
this expert on climate who s been studying climate change for 25 years weighs in on the global warming scam. please share! 
"a notorious race-baiter is paid to visit a government agency and deliver a racist rant wth! your tax dollars paid for this insane rant against whites. the kicker is the census bureau paid gregory  a whopping $1
"thanks to obama s promise to shut down the coal industry
"meanwhile
"so much outrage by so many corrupt people it s hard to keep track.  one thing we know for sure no matter where you are in the world
"it s pretty obvious that the fec chairwoman is just another political hack for the left. ann m. ravel is  determined to regulate new media like drudge and says she s frustrated that her last bid was met with  threatening misogynist responses.  be aware of this attempt at silencing free speech and political activity as we move towards the most important election of our time in 2016.some irony from her speech: (around the 36 min. mark)  we have to talk to people to get them to understand the influence of government or governmental policies on their lives. people have to realize that campaign finance and policies influenced by only a small number of people has a profound relationship on things that touch them in their daily lives. you ve gotta love how our fec chairman refers to people who agree with her wanting to regulate political sites on social media as  regular people. after backing down amid concerns she wanted to regulate political speech
wow! tom cotton know his info! please listen and share this unbelievable and revealing testimony. scary! 
epa director gina mccarthy gets into a heated exchange with cong.jason chaffetz over how she handled a repeat offender of sexual harassment. does anyone in government ever get fired? i don t think they do. 
"while obama simultaneously works to take our guns away. sounds about right the house voted monday to beef up white house security
"any guesses as to who is playing our criminal secretary of state or our lying  commander in chief? the movie
" the fact of the matter is kenya and the u.s. share so many values: common love for democracy
"florida government official is serious about the bbq aroma infraction.lol! the environmental laws are creeping into our everyday normal activities like grilling out. big government is way out of control! once our homes were our castles. now they are the government s. not even the most trivial details of how we make use of our own property escapes bureaucratic regulation in the name of the environment. for example:cobb county [georgia] is telling a kennesaw family to apply for permission to park their kids  cars in their own driveway.the oviedo family got a notice of violation for having four cars in the driveway. the family has relatives visiting and two kids home from college.  they got a visit friday from code enforcement
 iran’s ayatollah tweets picture of barack with gun to his head"
"the white house honored hundreds of illegal students and a dozen illegal teachers at a big celebration last week. the champions of change and reach higher programs celebrate overcoming obstacles to go to college or to teach. the problem with this entire thing is that people that broke our laws and are using our tax dollars for education are being celebrated by our lawless president. that s disturbing but very typical of a leader who constantly puts illegals before legal americans.here s more info about this event: michelle obama flying college-bound illegals to d.c. for special celebration headlined by a dropout rapperwhite house honors nine illegal immigrant teachers including 4 texansthe entire group was flown with a companion to washington for a celebration headlined by a college dropout rapper yes
"ordinary citizens (many of them are proud veterans) are filling a breach left by our federal government us navy veteran tim keown has been standing guard outside a recruitment center in kentucky for a week now.tim made the decision to guard the local recruitment center after an islamic terrorist murdered five servicemen in chattanooga last week. keown also helped organize other armed guards at recruitment centers across the country.citizen guards protect a recruitment office after the chattanooga terrorist attack.the pentagon released a statement on friday asking citizens not to stand guard at the unprotected recruiting offices. but the pentagon has no plans on changing policy that forbids servicemen and women from carrying weapons at the centers. evidently
 as shocking poll shows majority of jews are okay with iran deal"
 he’s a reverend.."
"outgoing army chief of staff gen. ray odierno also said the rise of isis could have been stopped if obama didn t pull out troops from iraqodierno said in an interview with fox news published wednesday that it s very hard to watch iraq implode at the hands of isis after the gains that were made during the iraq war. it s frustrating to watch it
"as barack hussein obama tours around the country trying to convince the low information voter that the lopsided and dangerous deal he and john kerry cut with iran is somehow beneficial to the united states of america he may want to consider the states can shut down his deal if they so choose to act.the obama administration has sent the iran nuclear deal to congress for a 60-day review provided by the corker bill. however
"if it were up to this  president
brit hume says video exposing planned parenthood s trafficking of fetal body parts removes  the veil of antiseptic tidiness behind which the abortion industry has for so long operated.  
"mark levin lays out obama s one-sided
"obama s ice director sarah saldana is not the only one determined to help obama fundamentally transform america. in 2013
"why should armed civilians have to protect and defend our us military recruitment centers? muslim terrorists have made it clear that they intend to target these brave men and women who defend our nation. is it really too much to ask that we allow them to defend themselves?civilians
"because it was a  joke  before it was politically incorrect?before al franken became a united states senator from minnesota
"the fundamental transformation of america continues . but one photo emerges that defies barack and michelle obama s hateful and divisive narrative.in the latest chapter of the outcry over the confederate flag issue in south carolina
"on wednesday barack obama lashed out at cbs reporter major garrett after he asked him about the four americans left behind to languish in iranian prisons.former marine amir hekmati
obama is probably huddled somewhere in the white house with kerry and jarrett trying to figure out what more we can do to make iran like us the main prayer service in the iranian capital has been interrupted by repeated chants of  death to america    despite this week s landmark nuclear deal with world powers that was welcomed by authorities in tehran.the chanting by several hundred hard-liners came as conservative cleric mohammad ali movahedi kermani was leading the friday prayers at the tehran university campus.he praised iranian nuclear negotiators for their efforts in concluding the nuclear deal and criticized the united states for its tough sanctions on iran.anti-u.s. chants are frequent at gatherings of hard-liners in iran.via: ap
"of course they have no plans to assimilate the associated press and nbc are now reporting that tennessee gunman muhammed youssef abdulazees was an immigrant from the muslim nation of kuwait.according to u.s. census data
"no word yet about the mayor developing a plan to help christians who refuse to bake wedding cakes for gays based on their religious beliefs for some muslims
"our current  president  must have staff working around the clock finding ways to circumvent congress last march
"tell us susan what s worse
"don t turn off your paid internet service quite yet. if you have a job and contribute to our tax base
"nothing says tolerance like putting a loaded gun to a strangers head because you disagree with the flag they re holding a family was threatened at gunpoint for waving the confederate flag on their own private property in another illustration of how controversy surrounding the flag is only driving more animosity.the incident occurred on monday night in moseley
000…for air travel alone"
"being called out for his utter incompetence as a leader by the press is not something obama is used to cbs news s major garrett asked president obama at a press conference wednesday if he was  content  with four americans held in iranian jails while his administration celebrated the nuclear deal.  can you tell the country
"the consequences of a failure to control immigration in america a foreign-born alien who sought help with his immigration papers has been arrested for the alleged brutal beating and rape of the woman who was helping him. zenen alvarez-alguezabal
"the atlanta naacp is totally over the top on this demand: those guys need to go. they can be sand-blasted off
 tough talk from washington does not solve problems  says our thug in chief as he threatens congress not to cross him on this dangerous iran deal here is why fox news  britt hume says obama doesn t need to sell this iran deal to congress:
"kate steinle is the  wrong race
"it s not just trump who s exposing the truth about the hundreds of thousands of muslims being sent to our country where they have no intention of assimilating. expert ann corcoran tells us the truth about why our state dept. is bringing mostly muslims over here in video below. over the past several years syrian christians have been desperately trying to smuggle themselves out of syria as isis tells them to convert or die.the obama white house sa far has ignored their desperate plight.it is also widely known that barack obama has been absent as thousands of iraqi and syria minority populations have been persecuted and slaughtered by isis.today in las vegas donald trump attacked the obama administration s policies that have allowed thousands of syrian muslims in the country while christians from syria suffer. you re worried donald may not have his facts straight on this issue
"it s not just the our open southern borders we need to be concerned about. it s our state department who seems to be hell-bent on populating our states with refugees from mostly muslim nations in africa and the middle east.this is one of those feel-good stories about how minnesota is such a wonderful state with its ever-expanding african migrant population. if you are a minnesotan it s probably a good thing to read.however
"another turn left for the hillster so no school choice and no teacher accountability. would you vote for someone who favors the union over your kids? so much for liberating poor kids from failing schools while the media chase the bernie sanders rallies
"cbo director:  how long the nation could sustain such growth in federal debt is impossible to predict with any confidence. at some point
"counterfeiting is illegal by the way and shouldn t be rewarded with american citizenship this could be the story of an american dream. an immigrant family builds a successful business and buys a four-bedroom house in a quiet neighborhood with good schools for their young son. but not all is as it seems on the steep
"an arkansas woman who went to pick up the class ring she ordered from walmart left disappointed
"something isn t right here besides the 22 million people who ve had their personal information exposed to the world. this woman did an bout face in 24 hours and resigned. could there be something more to this story? keep your eye on this story the embattled director of the office of personnel management (opm) has resigned
"the cleansing of our history continues what the heck is wrong with the city of memphis???late tuesday
"the gop leadership may want to rethink their position on amnesty for illegals. american citizens (yes
"enough already! a california dem and two dozen others want  to have  gender neutral  terms now. everyone s equal now? um
"the confederate battle flag will be taken down at 10:00 a.m. est this morning as another battle over the controversial flag heats up on capitol hill. the furor over the flag rippled through the halls of congress on thursday when house speaker john a. boehner (r-ohio) called for a review of confederate symbols and memorabilia
"the left has officially taken parenting out of our hands via legislation and handed it over to our government the list of things 15-year-olds are not legally allowed to do in oregon is long: drive
"it s like a bad penny the left keeps bringing back the death panel. several of obama s advisors have suggested that the death panel should be part of obamacare. this is a very slippery slope jonathan gruber on abortion and death panels: federal health officials are wading into the politically toxic debate about six years after claims of  death panels  nearly derailed early efforts on obamacare.under current rules
"dems hammer republicans on their planned vote to allow the confederate flag in national parks.house republican leaders have canceled a planned vote on an amendment that would have reversed previously-passed provisions barring the display of the confederate flag in national parksthe move comes after republicans acknowledged they did not have the votes to pass the amendment
"cj pearson
jesse watters confronts the board of supervisors in san francisco and it s crickets  
"what the heck! what s happened to the southern leaders? confederate flags should be placed on the graves of civil war soldiers. this is way over the top and a knee-jerk reaction to the shooting in charleston
 wall street journal and nyse shut down…all citing “technical” issues…there’s no coincidence…really?"
"yeah you know the obama regime is serious about taking down isis when they send in 60 syrian rebels and leave them unprotected against the assad regime.  sen. john mccain (r-ariz.) went straight for the jugular in questioning defense secretary ash carter at a tuesday senate hearing on the obama administration s strategy against the islamic state in iraq and syria.mccain criticized president obama s comments at the pentagon on monday citing recent progress against isis as delusional
"so much for the us refusing to work with countries who are guilty of some of the worst human rights violations in the world from human rights watch: vietnam s human rights record remains dire in all key areas. a one-party communist state suppresses virtually all forms of political dissent
"about 62 percent of americans say they won t be taking a vacation this summer at all. out of that
"slick willy s back! bill clinton had fun on the taxpayer s dime but he s just an everyday american who shops at luxury retailers like hermes
 ya know"
" the united states government has been living beyond its means
" a number of european politicians
"the state of oregon is  hoping  to get 5
"big government is never efficient and this is the perfect example of that. the ssa can t collect money without spending more that it s trying to collect. unreal!the social security administration (ssa) spends more money than it collects when trying to recover payments to individuals who received benefits for which they were not eligible.according to the office of inspector general (oig)
"be safe and enjoy the 4th! homeland security and our wonderful police officers all around the u.s. are looking out for us.the department of homeland security and the federal bureau of investigation have issued an alert asking local authorities and the public to remain vigilant for possible threats following recent calls for violence by islamic state leaders. details emerge about 4th of july terror threats: in new york city
this is so great! ted cruz knows his constitution! 
"because the government knows best when it comes to raising your children or something like that.a maine mother faces child endangerment charges for allowing her daughter to play at the park across the street from her house without her constant supervision.nicole jensen told wmtw she often allows her three children to play at the park a few hundred feet from her house and parents in the neighborhood make a coordinated effort to watch each other s children. she watches from her front porch.but when jensen s 7-year-old daughter was playing in the park by herself last week
"because we don t have enough crime in our country already we need to import it from mexico and south america.to hell with america it s all about the votes the man suspected of gunning down a young woman at random at a popular san francisco tourist spot on wednesday has been  deported to mexico several times
 as nyc police officers with targets placed on their backs by obama and deblasio wear nuclear bomb detectors july 4th weekend"
"the dumbing down of america this is how people like barack obama
"update on the redskins battle with the feds:alexandria
"obama must have added this to the deal so he can move to close gitmo. he s just itching to release more terrorists and close gitmo because it s clear his legacy is more important than the safety and security of americans. as president obama announced that cuba was restoring full diplomatic relations
"is it any wonder that the left leaning supreme court is looked at in a negative way? negative views of the u.s. supreme court are at their highest level in nearly nine years of regular surveying. but positive opinions are also up to a less dramatic three-year high.reflecting the strong reaction to two major decisions by the court last week
"this entire situation with puerto rico reminds me of the bailouts with the financial industry. it s just like the  too big to fail  mantra we all heard during the financial crisis. obama has already sent a  task force  to assess the situation but to what end? yes
"wow! the liberal supreme court s really making their views known with the past few decisions. thank goodness for the aclj and all the good work they do: this afternoon
"shocker! great news that the epa was shot down on their overreaching regulations. justice scalia got this one right when he wrote that it s not appropriate to impose billions of dollars of economic costs for little benefit in return.the supreme court has ruled against federal regulators  attempt to limit power plant emissions of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants.the rules began to take effect in april
hillary clinton hasn t given up all the e-mails? 
 i thought obama said isis is just a jv team?!"
"this government grant is taxpayer dollars and it is beyond over-the-top. this was not done for the fallen police officers who were victims of domestic terrorism. obama is always talking about everyone being equal well
"yuck! it s bad enough that china had a dog meat festival last week but now this! the usda just removed the country of origin off of meat but it needs to come back asap! if there s meat smuggling going on you really don t know where it originated
"yes
"totally out of bounds! this is so wrong and so crazy because anyone with half a brain knows this is junk science. what does obama mean by real change in the statement below:president obama said in a taped speech presented to medical professionals gathered at the white house
"the  fundamental transformation  of america is almost complete. even barack hussein obama must be surprised by how few hurdles have been placed in his way in less than 24 hours
"america s  first black president  continues to destroy employment opportunities for the black community we ve got a bad guy in the family
"unimaginable unforgivable it s not the sort of email the infection control director of a veterans hospital wants to find in their inbox   a message with photos of dead rats found in a hospital kitchen.workers at the james a. haley va medical center reported  3 large dead rats that fell through the kitchen ceiling  at the hospital during renovation work wednesday night
"when it comes to limiting our free speech
 
"it s painful to watch the stupidity and irresponsibility of the democrats who run the city of chicago along with chicago teachers union president
"this administration has to be the most bumbling and clueless one ever! they ve just incentivized kidnapping and holding hostage anyone and everyone the terrorists think they can get a ransom out of. brilliant general john r. allen on ransom for hostages: what is hard to prove is how many americans have not been kidnapped as a result of the fact that the enemy knows they will not get a penny from us
"i m sure the apple doesn t fall far from the tree in this case. many of us have known about the father-in-law but this digs deeper into valerie jarrett s own family. federal bureau of investigation (fbi) files obtained by judicial watch reveal that the dad
"what s with the cultish attitude coming from our epa chief? this is so creepy and orwellian but the big push on climate change has even sucked in the pope. epa administrator gina mccarthy told an audience tuesday gathered at a white house conference  normal people
"one more republican doing his part to aid obama in his fundamental transformation of america sen. marco rubio (r-fl) cast the deciding vote for obamatrade on tuesday as it squeeked through the u.s. senate 60-37
"remember joni ernst? conservatives were so excited to see her win a senate seat in iowa. you may be surprised to see who this  patriot  supported with her vote(below).bipartisan congressional trade priorities and accountability act of 2015senate vote 218   advances trade promotion authorityresult: cloture motion agreed to by a margin of 0 votes date of vote: june 23
 barack obama
"why does fox news even give this guy a microphone? he lost his relevance about a decade ago
"the fbi defines terrorism as  the unlawful use of force or violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government
"and they re heading to cape cod next! where does it end with these people? the optics of this are just awful! we have huge national debt and so many americans are suffering yet mooch takes a glam european vacation under the guise of a  goodwill  trip.  the obama women s goodwill tour of italy and england is costing taxpayers in excess of between $547
"remember this? mayor rawlings-blake says that the baltimore rioters needed room to destroy  the federal emergency management agency has denied a state request for disaster aid to cover the costs associated with the rioting and unrest that broke out in baltimore after the death of freddie gray.w. craig fugate
"just when you thought the 2014 election results would provide america with some checks and balances u.s. lawmakers narrowly approved legislation key to securing a hallmark pacific trade deal on thursday
"of course
"we re living in such  historic  times i can barely take all the diversity and equality help us to choose the woman the obama regime will select to replace alexander hamilton on the $10 bill (below). the treasury department is preparing to announce that they are putting a woman on the $10 bill
"aren t the kids already suffering enough by being forced to eat mooch s slop for lunch? isn t it always  all about the kids  for the unions and dem s? when the washington d.c. city council pleaded for $110
"like moths to a lamp bam!the terror suspect who allegedly helped orchestrate the shootout at an anti-islam event in texas had aspirations to join islamic state and attack the super bowl
 great wall on our southern border and make mexico pay for it”"
"a different set of laws apply to illegals in fact
"karl rove is suggesting hillary suffered brain damage following her blood clot.on sunday
"was it hillary or the state department? we know that cheryl mills and others at the state department have been protecting hillary all along so hopefully we ll get to the bottom of this. we also know that clinton
"george
"rep. dianne black has been in the healthcare industry for decades and knows way too much to be fooled by the obama administration. she s calling out the obamacare powers that be on the lack of privacy protection for americans. this is serious stuff and breaches of privacy have already occurred last week with federal employees. does anyone believe the privacy gaps will ever be closed with big government? i don t...critics blasted the white house for perceived privacy gaps in the affordable care act on monday.representative diane black (r.
"don t worry the liberal elite always know what s best for the little people.goldman sachs chairman and un special representative for migration peter sutherland said yesterday that britain should take in more migrants in order to avoid creating an environment of  xenophobia and racism .shocking footage filmed in the french port town of calais shows desperate migrants attempting to break into delivery trucks heading to the united kingdom in another illustration of how the country s generous welfare system acts as a beacon for illegal aliens.the clip shows huge gangs of migrants roaming around on a highway attempting to attack vehicles.police or immigration authorities are nowhere to be seen as migrants rip open the back door of a truck before attempting to pull down its contents to make their way inside
 
" you can t have people walking around with guns says the husband of the woman who wants to be your next president sunday on cnn s  state of the union
"flag day was established in 1916 by president woodrow wilson and in 1949 congress declared june 14 a national holiday: let us on that day rededicate ourselves to the nation
"why would the vatican invite an aggressive leftist speaker to the rollout of the pope s papal document on phony  global climate change?  as a catholic
our inept government didn t install protections for millions of people who now have all of their personal info exposed to the world: 
"does anyone care? if hillary personally gassed these citizens would anyone care? has america become so conditioned to reading about clinton crimes that they ve become desensitized to the serious consequences of their selfish actions?the clinton-run state department s approval of chemical and biological exports to the egyptian government increased in volume just as dollars flowed from mubarak-linked entities into the coffers of clinton family concerns. a group closely associated with the mubarak government paid bill clinton a $250
 used fake ss#’s and committed felonies are granted special privileges because they are considered “victims”"
"wouldn t it be great to have a president who made our national security a top priority? the obama administration will agree to let iran bypass questions about its past nuclear military work under any final deal signed in the coming weeks
"the news broke this week that obama wants to equalize housing for everyone. social engineering is nothing new in this day of obama. state s rights mean nothing to this group and if you disagree you re called a heartless racist. the hud secretary
"the army can t be bothered with defending or protecting war heroes
"here s one sure way to turn a solidly  red  state  blue in fiscal year 2014
"wow! this is big and has to do with telling the truth about the eb-5 visa program:a department of homeland security watchdog report issued tuesday blasted the agency s no. 2 official for repeatedly intervening on behalf of well-connected participants in an investor-visa program
"this is so over the top it s not funny. i m a huge advocate of parents being there for the kids but a felony charge? held overnight in jail? does anyone out there have anything new to add to this or is it a case of our ever overreaching government getting into our business?if this doesn t convince lawmakers that they had better start revising the child neglect laws   and convince politicians that supporting free-range legislation would be a great
"why do we even need a congress anymore? we have a king
"why are banking powerhouses
"with an imperial president who believes he is above the law
"which begs the question:how many iraqi s have been placed on trial for similar circumstances? and do the rules of engagement only apply to the us military? a retrial is set to begin monday at camp pendleton for a marine convicted in the 2006 killing of an iraqi civilian   one of the most high-profile and legally and politically complex court martials of the iraq war.sgt. lawrence hutchins was convicted in 2007 by a marine jury of unpremeditated murder in the killing of a 52-year-old former iraqi police officer in hamandiya
"not that it matters
" this data breach could affect every federal agency. chinese hackers?the federal government is notifying millions of employees as it works to assess the impact of a massive data breach involving the agency that handles security clearances and employee records.a foreign entity or government is believed to be behind the cyber attack. u.s. officials are investigating whether chinese hackers were involved
"so much for the promise of transparency from obama. hundreds of lawyers?  the  special project  this team was given? concealing information from congress.the irs s director of privacy
 
"no need to file rules don t apply to obama s amnestied illegals illegal immigrants granted executive amnesty can claim back tax credits for work they performed illegally
this is the baltimore state s attorney marilyn mosby s husband   at the 2:37 mark he says he told the police to  back off . his wife is prosecuting the cops in the freddie gray case. the accused cops have asked the judge for a change of venue great idea! 
"mcconnell was shut down completely in this debate as all amendments he put forth were rejected including the mcconnell-burr amendment.congress approved sweeping changes tuesday to surveillance laws enacted after the sept. 11 attacks
"daniel greenfield nails it! this is one of the best resourced and stated takes on what america s going through that i ve ever read. thank you mr. greenfield! daniel greenfield
"this decision by the supreme court is confusing in that christians are shut down for so many things but the a & f corporates need to hire hijab-wearing muslim woman even though it goes against their policy. why the double standard?the supreme court ruled monday for a muslim woman who did not get hired after she showed up to a job interview with clothing retailer abercrombie & fitch wearing a black headscarf.the justices said that employers generally have to accommodate job applicants and employees with religious needs if the employer at least has an idea that such accommodation is necessary.job applicant samantha elauf did not tell her interviewer she was muslim. but justice antonin scalia said for the court that abercrombie  at least suspected  that elauf wore a headscarf for religious reasons.  that is enough
" art is about pushing limits. i m willing to go to jail for my constitutional rights. are you?    anthony elonisthe supreme court struck another blow for free speech monday
"this nsa whistleblower has some very interesting things to say about what will happen now that the right to snoop has expired:the ap had this to say about what s happening now with the nsa:eight days after blocking it
" i m leaving the gop and running as a democrat!unfortunately
"fortunately
"beau biden   son of vice president joe biden   died of brain cancer at 46
" i was always loyal to u.s.a and never betray its mission.  this sad story reminds us of the pakistani doctor whose intel he shared with the us lead them to discovery of osama bin laden s hideout. he wasn t much of a priority for the obama regime either
"these 4 hostages must certainly feel a sense of comfort knowing that our strong commander in chief would never desert an ameri never mind it was reported weeks ago that the american government has abandoned citizens in yemen
"this is just more government waste and expansion with your tax dollars. the lifeline program is a tax on your phone bill to subsidize the free phones that have come to be known as  obamaphones    you pay for these and i can safely say you re being robbed. this program was started before obama but obama grabbed it and used it so it s no secret that it has exploded while he s been in office. now we re proposing free internet?! nothing is free and someone has to pay for this that someone is you!federal communications commission (fcc) chairman tom wheeler announced on thursday that he intends to expand lifeline
"a billion here
"does anyone remember the $9
"why should barack obama bother with the courts? he s always been above the law. he s already proven to us that he doesn t need a court ruling to bring millions of illegal aliens into our country. he s not following any laws when he demands our border patrol agents stand down to drug cartels
"this is a big deal and should be investigated. how did the tsa badges go missing? senator thune is right in pushing on this but who knows if they even have an answer for him senator john thune fired off a blistering letter to tsa officials demanding answers regarding missing
"this is not supposed to be a danger to the general population  but raises lots of questions about security when dealing with anthrax. the pentagon revealed wednesday that  live anthrax  was shipped
 ponds
"what the heck do you even call this?the u.s. department of agriculture s  myplate  service handed out advice on sunday
"your tax dollars up in smoke thanks to the usda. the two culprits are food stamps and the school lunch program. we cannot afford to feed the entire world or the millions of illegals crossing our border. the u.s. spent a record $80.4 billion on giving free groceries to americans but also to non-citizens. the bloated federal agency charged with feeding the poor and eradiating  food insecurity  in the u.s. blew nearly $7 billion to provide  ineligible recipients  with the welfare benefit and there appears to be no end in sight to the fleecing.in fact
000 taxpayers"
" drawing muhammad is not illegal under american law
"a citizenry with no respect for the law or our law enforcement officers is the result of a lawless president who encourages this kind of behavior by making the criminal out to be the victim police in melbourne said one of their officers was attacked by a crowd as he tried to make an arrest saturday.the officer approached phoenix low
"the state department redacted one sentence just one. cleaning up for our former secretary of state is something the state department has gotten really good at: fyi. the idea of using private security experts to arm the opposition should be considered. that s it the one sentence that tells us so much. rand paul was on to the answer. clinton slithered out of it .among the emails released by the state department today was one sent by hillary clinton to jake sullivan on april 8
"our state department brought in over 1 million 1 legal immigrants entered the us in the last 20 years as a result of the refugee admissions program that was brainchild of senator ted kennedy and was signed into law by president george h.w. bush in 1990. its primary purpose was to increase diversity in america. has everyone had enough  diversity  yet?clockwise
 while 89% of long-term jobless americans would ‘search harder’ if benefits ran out"
"it s no accident that president obama named vanita gupta acting head of the civil rights division of the doj. gupta is beloved by the radical left for her militant hostility toward law enforcement officers. here s a fantastic overview from j. christian adams who has intimate knowledge of what s going on at the doj. he worked  there and knows just how the doj has been turned into a politicized radical leftist entity of the obama administration. here s an example of that:vanita gupta
"(video above)state department spokesperson harf won t comment on the cheryl mills block of sensitive documents about hillary clintonhillary s chief of staff could be part of the key to the truth of so much corruption. cheryl mills ran interference the night benghazi broke. hillary s claim that an anti-islam video
"what s a million dollars between friends? to hell with human rights violations hillary s got a campaign to win!a major clinton foundation donor regularly arrests dissidents and brutally tortures them to extract confessions
"the usda
"in the face of mounting threats of terrorism and civil unrest in u.s. cities
"the obama administration is pushing folks off of trans fats i should say  nudge  because that s the favorite term of the liberals. we all know it s really a shove to do what they mandate. it s doubtful trans fats in small quantities will be devastating to anyone. the taste and texture of foods like donuts will change. will be start to have underground donut shops that are made with banned trans fats? the food police are making damn sure you conform to their mandate but isn t palm oil just as bad? the obama administration is expected to all but ban trans fat in a final ruling that could drop as soon as next week
" my success in the financial markets has given me a greater degree of independence than most other people
"is he for real? this is so alarming on so many levels because we lost over 1
"why would anyone expect anything else from a mayor who criticized barack obama for being  too conservative  and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that president roosevelt took  during the great depression miss me yet?last week
"the hate for our law enforcement is at an all time high. the blame for the injuries suffered and murders of innocent law enforcement officers falls squarely on the shoulders of eric holder
" we re going to have people who are bilingual teachers
"a must read that pretty much tells you like it is and reveals what you probably hadn t heard in the main stream media. we need to privatize the rail service and let it make a profit! the taxpayers should not be expected to cover the bill for this huge behemoth of a loser that is amtrak. the deadly amtrak derailment this week spawned a frenzy of sleazy opportunism on social media as lefties rushed to declare before any evidence of the cause of the accident was available that it clearly showed the need for more federal billions to subsidize amtrak.as the official investigation has released actual information
"once again
"beware of this agenda that s agenda 21 for those who aren t familiar with the term sustainable development. your every move will be micromanaged for the  common good . i am really disappointed in the pope s position on this and many other things. he s so far left on so many issues but the fact that he s buying into the global warming scam is very disturbing. the un plans to launch a brand new plan for managing the entire globe at the sustainable development summit that it will be hosting from september 25th to september 27th. some of the biggest names on the planet
 instigate violence and disrupt"
"apparently
"time to exhale james barack obama supporter james taylor doesn t just think the u.s. president is great   he believes obama is the greatest of all-time. i ve been watching politics since (dwight) eisenhower and adlai stevenson
"this is nothing short of outrageous! billions wasted using purchase cards to go around federal law is beyond criminal. this senior official went public after it was crickets from the va secretary. don t you wish more people would do this? a culture of  lawlessness and chaos  reigns at the department of veterans affairs when it comes to purchasing goods and services for the veterans health administration
" we do this not because it s legally required
"we ve been doing articles on this for the past couple of years to tell everyone that the second housing bubble is being forced on the american taxpayers in the name of civil rights. did we not learn from the first time around that lending to risky people is not a good idea no matter what color they are!this really is the definition of insanity   doing the same thing over and over and getting the same bad results. the only thing is this is your money that the government is throwing down the toilet!if you need federal subsidies to pay your apartment rent
"i heard mr. mclellan on the radio yesterday and he was very unsure about getting his money back from the seizure by the irs. he sounded like he was pretty defeated and still shocked that via civil asset forfeiture laws he could have his life savings taken from him forever. we ve reported on this before and feel it s a law that s certainly being abused. bravo to mr. mclellan for standing up for himself! after publicly humiliating the internal revenue service
"the democrats didn t waste any time pushing for more funding for amtrak after the philly crash but anyone with half a brain knows you shouldn t trust this push for more and bigger government funding. here are some facts
"if nothing else
 george stephanopoulous made huge donation to clinton foundation"
"this is just another example of a big free-for-all for anyone and everyone connected to a government program. where did this money go? we ll never know because of the lack of oversight but i ll bet it went into some pockets. it spent nearly $24
take that you filthy animals!
"oh nooooo! this is not good and it s so true. the replenishing the ammo part is so true because we ve honestly not recovered as much as the obama administration and the liberal spinners would have us believe. hsbc chief economist stephen king is already thinking about the next recession.in a note to clients wednesday
 oink! 2015 pig book shows lawmakers appropriating gluttonous spending"
"it s hard to know who obama hates more america
"the war on the american flag continues.retired mounted an american flag in front of his house
 
000 after judge ordered him to stop"
"obama s apology tour for the greatest country in the world continues the united states heard widespread concern monday over excessive use of force by law-enforcement officials against minorities as it faced the u.n. s main human rights body for a review of its record.washington also faced calls to work toward abolishing the death penalty
"it s a snub don t believe the pundits on this one. it s concern over the iran deal that s got saudi and other leaders so peeved at obama. he might be able to get away with talking out of both sides of his mouth with everyone else but not with the saudis who re having nothing to do with this upcoming summit. the white house was scrambling monday to put a positive face on an upcoming summit of persian gulf states after learning leaders from four of the six invited nations are expected to skip.while those nations are still sending representatives to the summit being hosted by president obama later this week at camp david
"rate your mom for mother s day sounds like the perfect project that only an intrusive
"the media continues to lie about jobs numbers but we know better than that. here s a chart to share to anyone and everyone:in what was an  unambiguously  unpleasant april jobs payrolls report
 
 
 
"conform or pay the ultimate price police seized ten children from an  off grid  homeschool family in kentucky on wednesday after receiving an anonymous tip about the family s traditional lifestyle.the nightmare story began when sheriff s officers set up a blockade around joe and nicole naugler s rural property before entering the premises. eight of the kids were out with their father but nicole and two of her oldest children were at home. nicole attempted to drive away but was subsequently stopped and arrested for resisting (attempting to prevent officers from taking her two boys away).the sheriff then demanded joe naugler turn over the other eight children by 10am the next day or face felony charges
"nothing to see here just obama evening the playing field by giving an ad hoc international tribunal the ability to overrule us laws and allow them to levy fines against the us the american taxpayer would be responsible for paying. it is really worrisome
"how very  charitable  of the lutheran and catholic churches to bring tens of thousands of refugees to america
 swedish citizens devise a controversial scheme"
"this is the definition of insanity-doing the same thing over and over. we just need a congress strong enough to stop the madness.for over 30 years
 
"wouldn t you like to know the grand total and not just the transportation expenses alone?first lady s round-trip flight to aspen
"it s interesting that josh earnest still carries around the line of bs that all middle class americans know is a lie. he is
"another positive step towards restoring our freedoms a federal court has decided that the national security agency s (nsa) bulk
"bah
"chuck norris wrote about jade helm 15 in a commentary for the conservative website wnd last weekend
"the radical baltimore mayor who ordered the baltimore police department to stand down is now calling for a federal investigation into the baltimore police department. what about a federal investigation into her reckless actions that were clearly motivated by her desire to side with the rioters?? are we living in some alternate universe where all ability to reason and to use common sense has been removed from our society?baltimore s streets will likely take years   if not decades   to recover after april s riots that left scores of business owners devastated and local police disheartened. many cops feel  demoralized
"i just happened to go to the baltimore mayor s facebook page and saw this telling statement: had a very productive meeting today with attorney general loretta lynch. i reiterated my commitment to working with the department of justice for bold policing reforms in baltimore. bold policing reforms??? you could make the police force perfect and there would still remain the real problem in baltimore. we don t want to talk about what s really wrong with baltimore baltimore s mayor announced wednesday that she had asked the department of justice to investigate whether the city s police department has acted unconstitutionally. throughout my administration
"meet alice miller who single-handedly scr*wed the legal voters of america by letting non-citizens vote. i guess voter integrity only applies to some .the supreme court has been asked to allow kansas and arizona to verify that only united states citizens are registering to vote in those states. unfortunately
"we re not sure which of judge mary murguia s qualifications for becoming a u.s. supreme court justice would be more attractive to obama. could it be the fact that she
"the stats don t lie on this one obama s hoping to reach the low information voter who watches letterman and will buy this bs. the stimulus under obama gave billions for work programs and education but we still need to give more??? as a taxpaying american i am 100% fed up! and ready for the black community to take responsibility for their towns and their youth. we do not ignore pockets of poverty but i would say that we ignore the truth of what s going on in the black community and what s the real problem here. it s just like when the main stream media ignores and covers up the bad behavior of groups of black teens. we ve reported on numerous cases of this bad behavior that caused damage and physical harm to others. the latest case was ironically in baltimore and the local press called the offenders  kids  when you can see clearly that these are teens. downplaying and not punishing the bad behavior by these teens only makes it worse. no consequences breeds chaos president obama said that  too often we ignore   pockets of poverty
 
"holy smokes! that s billion with a b! where did all the money go?! hummmm the city of baltimore received over $1.8 billion from president barack obama s stimulus law
 
"let s face it obamacare s been a disaster from day 1. the closing if rural hospitals is the latest issue and it s a big one for those who ll need to travel farther to get medical help.the ap has noticed something. rural hospitals seem to be closing. now
" you re at forefront of this cause and as young people
marilyn mosby held a press conference today in which she said police officers had no probable cause to arrest freddie gray. that s a lie  freddie gray had an active warrant out for his arrest so baltimore police had every reason to bring him in.
"the police union came out almost immediately after the mosby press conference today with a response against her assessment of the freddie gray case. they are fighting back against the claim that the 6 officers did anything wrong during the arrest and transport of mr. gray.fraternal order of police lodge is asking baltimore state s attorney marilyn mosby to appoint a special prosecutor to the freddie gray investigation because of her personal connection to the gray family s attorney
"holy smokes! could someone tell obama he doesn t need to dump more money into the baltimore school system. i think they need to point the finger somewhere else the baltimore school system ranked second among the nation s 100 largest school districts in how much it spent per pupil in fiscal year 2011
"new york mayor bill de blasio traveled to milwaukee to attend a fundraiser where he delivered a blistering speech attacking scott walker and the wealthy. governor walker is part of a dangerous breed of republicans
100 donors to the clinton foundation"
 quicken loans…owner stands his ground"
"republican governor larry hogan waited for a call from leftist democrat mayor rawlings-blake. the call didn t come until the city had reached a boiling point and had entered into a full blown riot. why do the republicans always have to be the adults in the room? and why are conservatives always left to figure out ways to clean up the messes made by the left?  as baltimore burns the media begins the blame game. last night pressing the maryland governor on why it took so long for the maryland national guard to be activated governor larry hogan cuts right to the chase:  within 30 seconds of receiving the call
"lots of confusing reports on this but we have the latest info. that s telling us more details.iranian patrol vessels fired warning shots across the bridge of a marshall islands-flagged cargo vessel that was traversing the strait of hormuz in iranian territorial waters
"wouldn t it be great if our first  black  president would make an effort to quell the angry and violent crowds in baltimore by and asking for calm? is it too much to ask that he take this opportunity to address our nation and behave like a leader for the entire country and not like a community organizer with an agenda? as long as the negro finds himself living every day in a major depression
 
"high school kids out of control? noooo! we ve been reporting of the huge groups of high school kids getting violent at malls and other places in towns across america. basically they re organized riots there were reports of an organized riot
"the ultimate nanny state move in this liberal state shows us where we re heading. should we be doing more and more of the things parents should do? this trend is nothing but disturbing four public schools in the madison
"could someone please explain this? i honestly don t think it s any accident.i stumbled onto this video via badblue
"long overdue in a closed-door meeting with jewish donors saturday night
"mayor stephanie rawlings-blake: while we tried to make sure that they were protected from the cars and the other things that were going on. we also gave those who wished to destroy space to do that as well. and we work very hard to keep that balance and to put ourselves in the best position to deescalate
 not so deceptive’"
" i will close my business before i will make any compromises that could jeopardize the safety and security of the members who shoot here. you can be certain the feds are more concerned about those  peaceful  muslims in america who want to kill me than they are about anything i might say or do that hurts the feelings of islamic (sic) terrorists. -jan morganon saturday
"try to process this: a woman running for president of the united states (whose entire career has been built on lies and deceit) has a  charity  that has now been placed on a  watch list  as a way to warn potential donors about investing in the clinton foundation the clinton foundation s finances are so messy that the nation s most influential charity watchdog put it on its  watch list  of problematic nonprofits last month. the clinton family s mega-charity took in more than $140 million in grants and pledges in 2013 but spent just $9 million on direct aid. the group spent the bulk of its windfall on administration
"habeas corpus for animals???the  animal personhood  movement believes dolphins
"why couldn t the parents be notified of his death? what possible reason could the obama regime have for keeping his death a secret from his parents?an american and an italian being held hostage by al qaeda in a remote region of pakistan near the afghan border were killed in a cia drone strike in january   an accident president obama on thursday blamed on  the fog of war.  obama grimly admitted the botched operation at the white house and apologized to the families of the two aid workers   warren weinstein
"it s worth noting that the victims of this horrible terrorist bombing are responsible for their own court parking fees
 pro-illegal
"iran
"if she s not toast now then we re in bigger trouble than i thought.  there s so much more to this whole thing and it s just getting worse for bill and hill. chickens coming home to roost?hillary clinton s state department was part of a panel that approved the sale of one of america s largest uranium mines at the same time a foundation controlled by the seller s chairman was making donations to a clinton family charity
"which begs the question whose corner is obama in? whose side has this president
"the wu$$ification of our military army rotc cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on monday for an arizona state university campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.the army openly encouraged participating in april s  walk a mile in her shoes  events in 2014
"this story should send chills down the spine of every american. communism is on our doorstep they came with a battering ram. cindy archer
"nothing but the best for the queen and the queen s mom no other mother-in-law of a president in the history of the united states has enjoyed a more extravagant lifestyle than that of mooch s mom
"hell has a special spot reserved for this horrible man according to an article published sunday by world net daily
"meanwhile
" i m doug hughes
000 over civil forfeiture without being charged with a crime"
"it s about time rev. patrick mahoney
 delta smelt
"because there wouldn t be any outrage over a  white kids only  field trip to a local college would there?parents criticized indiana school officials thursday for a trip planned to local colleges that was only offered to black third-graders
"as it turns out
"you d think she d know a thing or two about email servers and at a minimum
 but i bet you didn’t know this…"
"who needs family when you have a neighborhood mentor who can teach you the value of racism
"it s simple and it s wrong: the obama border policy asks ice agents to disobey federal law. it would be nice if people we ve elected to congress would stand up for the legal citizens of america. it s literally been an invasion from central america that is now on its second wave. please pick up the phone and call your elected congressmen and tell them to do their job! it does make a difference!during a hearing on ice oversight on april 14
 
not that anyone should be surprised by the lap dog mentality of these second rate liberal hack  journalists.  they re the reason the most crooked woman in america is even a contender in this race.
"everyone s been asking where the hillary van is so hillary pulls up in a gas guzzling van with tinted windows-i thought she wanted to mingle with the regular folk? this monster gets 16-18 miles per gallon! ouch!the van
"yep hillary s now a champion of lesbians and gay marriage. or is she? it s hard to tell exactly what hillary stands for. she seemed pretty adamant in the videos below that she was committed to preserving the sanctity of marriage between a man and woman. hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house: the nation s largest lesbian political action committee.the group
"wow! what a list of accomplishments! the problem is that these accomplishments are rotten to the core. just read a few and you ll get a taste of the corruption and chicago style politics transplanted to d.c. via obama. not pretty!law and justice  first president to violate the war powers act (unilaterally executing american military operations in libya without informing congress in the required time period   source: huffington post)  first president to triple the number of warrantless wiretaps of u.s. citizens (source: aclu)   first president to sign into law a bill that permits the government to  hold anyone suspected of being associated with terrorism indefinitely
"russia decides to ignore obama s red line and sells missiles to iran.  with a weak leader like obama
"yada
"don t you know obama would love to just throw those who disagree with him in jail. well
"the taliban or isis? does it really matter? radical islam is just evil and knows no bounds.killing aid workers is as low as they could go except now they ve brought it down to the kid level five aid workers who d been kidnapped were found murdered:the bodies of five afghan aid workers working for save the children were found on friday
 emily’s list doing its part to keep minority population in check… endorses hillary"
" we have not observed the principles and ideals upon which this country was founded. obama makes sure to let everyone know  americans never makes a claim about being perfect
"  i don t hate these people. they are just angry.    mr. o connor
"you won t believe this judge and how he berates a family that was terrorized in a home invasion. can a three-year old help how she feels after this traumatic event?the reason judge olu stevens of louisville
 ambitious


" i am a student of history so i tend to actually be familiar with many of these episodes that have been mentioned. i am the first one to acknowledge that america s application to concern around human rights has not always been consistent. and
"it s so refreshing to see these gop candidates who are unwilling to allow the left to misrepresent their beliefs and create a distorted view of their positions on social issues.having identified what they perceive as his achilles heel
"but wait wasn t the muslim brotherhood s arab spring (sharia law for all egyptians) supposed to be a good thing? an egyptian court sentenced mohamed badie
"where was the media coverage when this black thug shot a white police officer in the face? it clearly doesn t fit their narrative which explains why this horrific incident took place on march 27
 mohammed abdullah hassan was caught attempting to bomb us army base"
" find out how many are going to sign up to go to war when we keep doing this to those who protect us.              montel williamsmontel williams got emotions during his appearance on greta van susteren s  on the record
" if you have a system that rewards you for being a victim
"poor little al if he s not race baiting
"this is a story that will never make the news. a woman uses a car to intentionally hit another woman (this is the second time she s used her car as a weapon to hit another human being) but unfortunately
 “reverend” al sharpton calls for federal police force"
"be aware and be ready to push back on this effort by the state department and the united nations to spread  seed communities  (their term) all over the u.s. pretty soon we ll be covered up in refugees who are mostly (90%) muslim. we already have millions of illegals from central america that we cannot and should not support. we now know that small towns across america like athens
" the nuclear industry is a necessity
"dirty harry must ve jarred something in his head that makes him unaware that he s lying in public. he used to be pretty good at hiding it senate minority leader harry reid (d-nv) is changing the story about how he sustained those gruesome new year s day injuries that have left him blind in one eye.previously
"this story just proves what we ve been saying all along. when it comes to unions
"if i were u.s. district judge andrew hanen
" attacks against us are increasing in frequency
"evil hiding under the banner of  religion  in our own backyard a 32-year-old woman was harassed and intimidated last week when she tried to pick up her four children from the fundamentalist mormon sect she bravely left to escape an abusive husband.sabrina broadbent tetzner
"if we didn t know better
"our culture is what makes this nation great and very exceptional. unfortunately
"is our community organizer in chief being tested by putin?the air is frigid and the wind is howling as air force col. frank flores lifts a pair of foot-long binoculars and studies a hazy dot about 50 miles west across the bering strait. that s the mainland there
"it s not for her to decide! we have the second amendment and that s enough for any american. delauro doesn t get to decide for us what s a gun that s ok to own. it might be a good idea to pick up the phone and voice your objection to this bill.gun owners would receive tax breaks for voluntarily turning in high-powered assault rifles under new legislation proposed monday.the support assault firearm elimination and education of our (safer) streets act expected to be reintroduced next week by rep. rosa delauro (d-conn.) would provide gun owners with an incentive to turn in their firearms to local police departments. assault weapons are not about hunting
"what an evil bunch of freaks! the agenda is so important to them that they can t see the forest for the trees. overpopulation is a problem in itself but connecting it to the scam that is global warming is just crazy. these people have such a twisted view of everything that it s really scary. i m 100% fed up! with the un climate freaks and their agenda.climate one founder greg dalton and the executive secretary of the united nations framework convention on climate change (unfcc) christiana figueres
"the gun grabbers are at it again pushing for more oversight and background checks for gun owners. the sheriff says it s  borderline treasonous  and will be a  nightmare  for law enforcement. he s refusing to enforce these efforts at gun control and we salute him for his stance! bravo!while oregon democrats stood with gabby giffords and the brady campaign to prevent gun violence to push expanded background checks on april 1
"insane! this really is the definition of insanity. letting  non-citizens  vote in our elections is something no other country would even consider ever! when you elect a socialist radical as mayor then i guess that s what you get new york city lawmakers and mayor bill de blasio are reportedly discussing legislation that would give voting rights to non-citizens in local elections. the guardian noted that under the legislation that is being discussed
"socialism doesn t work but i guess venezuela didn t get the memo. no toilet paper? no food? yes
let s get real with some awesome truth from mark levin.is this guy not just the best ever truth teller! why can t we have more of him! patty and i can t get enough of levin and his ability to cut through the bs of the left.
"don t you just love an entitled irs lawyer who claims she can t be fired? what s even better is she was an ethics lawyer who really had no ethics at all. she was fired from the irs but just yesterday was disbarred.a lawyer who worked in the irs ethics office was disbarred thursday by the district of columbia court of appeals
"barbra streisand was an obama sycophant and one of the corrupt clinton s most loyal fans. she is also part of the hollywood liberal  resistance  movement. much like rosie o donnell
"everyone suspected the sketchy steele dossier was what corrupt fbi and doj officials used to get the october 2016 fisa warrant against trump. fbi and doj officials refuse to answer that question publicly.rep ron desantis (r-fl) said in a statement: we now know that the so-called steele dossier was paid for by the democratic party in an effort to gin up negative information regarding then-candidate trump. what the american people deserve to know is whether the information compiled by steele on the democrats  dime was used by the obama administration to obtain approval to conduct surveillance against trump associates. the fbi has stonewalled producing these documents for months and their production shouldn t be limited to closed door viewing by a small number of members of congress. the trump administration should immediately declassify all the documents used to obtain surveillance warrants against trump or his associates. immediately after his inauguration
"it s been said that good fences make good neighbors. but in aspen
"the latest video from campus reform shows just how far some college students think universities should go to recognize people s racial identity delusion and all!the ivy league setting of brown university shows cabot phillips asking students about a hypothetical  pocahontas policy  that would allow students to self-identify based on race. overall i think it s a good thing
"friday on msnbc
"#jokenewsafter record
" after the obama years of record food stamp usage
"a week after president trump endorsed ron desantis for florida governor via twitter
"the video below is one of the highlights from the protests last year. protesters at the university of washington were firmly reminded that their shouting in a library was not appreciated. this is epic!about two dozen social justice warriors gathered in the normally quiet zone
"thanks to the persistence of judicial watch
 huma
 doj: “off the rails!” [video]"
"ap news  the regulars amble in before dawn and claim their usual table
 jenna fischer
"according to the sun
"israel s transportation minister is pushing ahead with a plan to extend jerusalem s soon-to-open high-speed rail line to the western wall
 the guy riding up on the white horse” [video]"
"large crowds
"jean-marie simon
"the nfl announced tuesday that the final  sunday night football  game of the season has been canceled was it due to low attendance in previous weeks? well
"cnn s allyson camerota expressed her concern about how the tax breaks for americans will harm the democrats chances of winning in the mid-term elections with michigan s democrat congresswoman debbie dingell.camerota appeared somewhat panicked
"the stock market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. so many things accomplished by the trump administration
"the la times is reporting that moviegoing is at the lowest level since 1995. the article blames americans who are going to see fewer movies
" history shows that we can
"after judicial watch exposed a serious ethics issue related to fbi deputy director andrew mccabe s involvement in his democrat wife s va senate campaign
 truck driver and former marine sharpshooter"
"on december 5
"the former fox news contributor and editor of the weekly standard
"what a bizarre exchange between a reporter and democrat leader nancy pelosi! she is asked during a press conference what her relationship is with president trump and she laughed. what s even stranger is she mocked the way trump says  daca .it s as if she detests the president so much that she can t bring herself to speak his name. notice how she talks in disjointed sentences and stops suddenly to think. she cannot even form a complete thought! this is yet another example of the strange behavior of pelosi that is ignored by the main stream media like an enabling spouse.minority leader nancy pelosi (d.
"many are suggesting that the former comedian
"this morning
"just a few months before reports of her sexual assault lawsuit against donald trump rocked the campaign
"who could forget the unbelievable standoff in oregon between patriots and the government? who could forget the dramatic shooting of patriot lavoy finicum who traveled from arizona to oregon from to stand with american ranchers against the blm
"in 1992
"is anyone else sick and tired of overpaid athletes who can t even formulate a proper sentence
"we can t imagine congressmen thinking  we d better not pass this bill. some woman might take her top off. house protesters gone wild: woman takes her top off in the gallery of the house protesting tax vote.  anna palmer (@apalmerdc) december 19
"house speaker paul ryan (r.
"the media has become unhinged again at the sight of president trump drinking water. they re even saying his technique proves he s suffering from dementia. nope
"the eldest son of ex-alaska gov. sarah palin beat the daylights out of his own father after he broke into his parents home in a drunken rage
"watch some fake news from a swamp creature who should be in jail:former director of national intelligence james clapper referred to president donald trump on monday as an intelligence  asset  for russian president vladimir putin. the term  asset  refers to people with countries or organizations being spied upon who serve as resources for outside spies.clapper appeared on cnn to discuss trump s national security strategy speech given monday
"after north korea s most recent missile launch
"president trump addressed the america people today
"are you one bit surprised by the fact that the one team still doing the most kneeling during the national anthem is the seattle seahawks? seattle happens to be home to many
"this could be one of the largest scandals of our time.  meanwhile
 anti-trump activist group with ties to george soros and acorn awarded more than $25 million in taxpayer funds"
161 flights canceled [video]"
"this story is absolutely horrific
"here s yet another claim that s really iffy because the  victim  experienced  juvenile  and  inappropriate  comments from matthews if this is sexual harassment then 99.9% of men and women have encountered this sort of behavior we re obviously not fans of matthews but this is a ridiculous claim by a staffer not matter who it is remember when matthews was caught on a hot mic  ogling  the first lady:payout to accuser:an msnbc spokesman confirmed saturday the company made a separation-related payment to one of chris matthews employees after the woman complained about sexual harassment.matthews paid $40
" the newly elected us senator doug jones (d-al) just won the election by a small margin in a state where a republican hasn t won for 25 years. jones was pegged as a  liberal  and a  pro-abortion  by his opponents in the highly contentious race against the accused sexual predator
"the defense department secretly set up a program ten years ago to investigate unidentified flying objects
"one of the big players in trying to get to the truth about the bias against president trump just told judge jeanine that this is getting serious and very real. four key players will be subpoenaed!fireworks!   gop rep. jim jordan reveals the house judiciary committee will subpoena andrew mccabe
"there are conflicting reports about why the outrageous omarosa manigault newman is leaving her undefined job at the white house. it was first reported that she was escorted out of the white house by secret service after general kelly had enough of her nonsense
"on friday
"in case anyone was confused about how the whole  kneeling for the national anthem  thing came about
 man-hating movement destroys career of top tx lawyer for posting #metoo letter from a rape survivor: “if everyone is a victim
"thank goodness we finally have a president who refuses to dump our taxpayer funds into climate scam that our former president actually identified as a national security threat according to the federalist
"in september 2016
"with mainstream media and establishment politicians stacked against him from the moment he announced his run for the presidency
"washington   president trump said on thursday that his administration was answering  a call to action  by rolling back regulations on environmental protections
"today
"one month ago
"the secret service pushed back on a cnn reporter s claim that a fired trump aide was physically removed from the white house:reporting regarding secret service personnel physically removing omarosa manigault newman from the @whitehouse complex is incorrect.  u.s. secret service (@secretservice) december 13
"54-year-old dr. dean lorich
"it s beyond sad to watch these young men sitting through an interview with their overbearing
"after roy moore s ugly loss in the alabama senate race last night
"they threw everything but the kitchen sink at judge roy moore. democrats outspent moore 10-1
"how quickly the democrats and their allies in the media forget
"democrat senator kristen gillibrand (ny) likes to think of herself as a champion of women. after multiple women came forward to accuse fellow democrat senator al franken of sexual assault (photos were also supplied as evidence of one of the accuser s claims)
 mocked president trump just before failing to blow himself up"
"establishment republican pollster frank luntz looked more like a cnn host than a republican pollster in a room full of committed roy moore voters. luntz was obviously frustrated
"the poor little isis-inspired
"in september
"tomorrow
"last week
"who wants to deport  dreamers ? not many people
"what a brave boy and what a sad world we live in where adults would allow such a beautiful child to be repeatedly tortured by classmates
"washington post reporter took to twitter to post an image of the venue where trump was to appear in several hours. the only problem is
 dad!’ those were the last words spoken by kate steinle
"conservative hollywood actor
"on september 5
"just another member of the swamp who s about to be sucked down the drain in 2015
"only 3 days ago
 scalping of mentally disabled young man on live facebook video gets disturbing sentence"
"in a last-minute attempt to create a legacy for himself
"is there a single person left on robert mueller s  trump-russian collusion  team who isn t in bed with barack obama or hillary clinton?an attorney for special counsel robert mueller attended hillary clinton s election night party in new york city
"you just can t make this stuff up yet another key member of special counsel robert mueller s russia probe appears to have deep ties to the democratic party.from pj media: aaron zebley served previously as mueller s chief of staff at the fbi and as a senior counselor in the national security division at the department of justice. he also served as an assistant u.s. attorney in the national security and terrorism unit in alexandria
"every single day
"would cnn even know the truth if it bit them in the a**?the media s quest to prove donald trump jr. colluded with wikileaks is all wrong.the sept. 14 email to trump campaign advertising wikileaks emails promoted publicly available info
"unfounded claims that president trump was filmed with prostitutes in a moscow hotel surfaced in the closing stretch of last year s white house race.mrs. clinton s presidential campaign and the democratic national committee (dnc) reportedly helped fund the research.according to us media reports
 you’re going to be drug-tested"
"the credibility of beverly young nelson
"yesterday
"what s more important
"now
"has there ever been a us olympic athlete who
"after two days of being criticized by mostly female
 anti-gun “comedian” and author of “a child’s first book of trump” credits his kids for inspiring all of his “baby rape jokes"
"on tuesday
 spit upon and slit his girlfriend with knife"
"actress lena dunham said she warned hillary clinton s campaign about disgraced hollywood mogul harvey weinstein and was uncomfortable with his presence during the 2016 presidential campaign
"after it was announced that president trump was seriously considering moving the u.s. embassy to jerusalem
"crains chicago business   american democracy is fragile
"former british army officer
"you just can t make up stories like these democratic sen. dianne feinstein (calif.) on tuesday castigated the idea of moving the u.s. embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem
"according to cnn  uk prime minister theresa may delivered a rare public admonishment to us president donald trump on thursday
"how many times in one week can abc news publish fake russian collusion stories and still be considered a reliable source of news? abc news suspended brian ross after he made a false report about trump directing his nsa michael flynn to meet with the russians during his campaign. after the stock market lost 350 points
"a supervisory special agent who is now under scrutiny after being removed from robert mueller s special counsel s office for alleged bias against president trump also oversaw the bureau s interviews of embattled former national security advisor michael flynn
" the view  co-host
"the latest liberal meltdown comes from minnesota this reminds of the mayor who was stopped by the police and had a fake meltdown too (see below). do these liberals all have a  meltdown handbook ?sda reports:if you re a social justice warrior
" i think this is hope over reality longtime democrat and harvard law professor allen dershowitz ripped into senator diane feinstein for making accusation of obstruction of justice against president trump. he went through all of the reason why there is nothing to the claim by feinstein that potus committed a crime. dershowitz compared trump to the crimes of past presidents and concluded that trump is in the clear. he detailed crimes that nixon and clinton clearly committed but said that it s within the constitutional powers that trump did what he did by firing former fbi director james comey:  you cannot charge a president with obstruction of justice for exercising his constitutional power.   @alandersh pic.twitter.com/dpzbricslh  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) december 4
"here are just a few examples of the empty or mostly empty nfl stands across america today:the stands appear to be mostly empty for the atlanta falcons v. minnesota vikings game
"roll call   democrat doug jones drastically outraised gop nominee roy moore for the alabama senate race
 co mass shooter to tea party [video]"
"president trump is not giving abc news a pass for their fake news story about michael flynn and his meeting with russian ambassador sergey kislyak when trump was a  candidate  running for office. the president is suggesting that abc news needs to be held accountable for the drop in the stock market that was triggered by their fake news story. trump tweeted: people who lost money when the stock market went down 350 points based on the false and dishonest reporting of brian ross of @abc news (he has been suspended)
"yesterday
 military charity to pay for players’ $89 million ‘social justice’ activism"
"the stock market lost over 350 points after abc news erroneously reported that general flynn was in communication with the russian ambassador sergey kislyak during trump s campaign. it turns out that after the stock market plunge and the feeding frenzy by the leftist media
 kidnapping and sexual assault in sanctuary state of oregon…tells victims’ relatives: “see all you guys in hell!” [video]"
"the domestic terror group
"yesterday
"after abc news broke the general flynn-trump story
"pastor kenneth sharpton glasgow claims he s reverend al sharpton s brother
"former nbc anchor matt lauer claims he s planning on doing some  soul searching  now that he s got time on his hands after being fired for  sexual misconduct . he might want to take a look at the old footage of him awkwardly interviewing sandra bullock about a nude scene yikes! is it his tone of voice or just overall creepiness during the interview? you be the judge lauer begins the 2009 interview about bullock s film the proposal by telling her how long it s been since he last interviewed her on the today show.he then adds with a smile:  the major thing that s changed since i ve seen you last? i have now seen you naked. bullock cringes and replies:  and i m so sorry about that. were you able to sleep afterwards? lauer then says creepily:  it s now my screensaver
"while we re on the subject of lying to the fbi
"if anyone thought the man who s been attacked by the left for most of his adult life
"a shocking verdict and race baiting was on the menu tonight in the liberal bastion of san francisco tonight the prosecutor in the kate steinle case won and then came out to make a statement where he attacked president trump and waisted no time politicizing the verdict as it relates to gun control. he claimed that the president was  fomenting hate huh? this is where we are in america right now: an illegal alien with 7 prior felony convictions murders a legal american citizen and goes free americans last? illegals first?listen to this jackwagon lawyer politicizing this case:matt gonzalez:  the physical evidence has always supported the finding that this was an accidental occurrence
"former  baywatch  star pamela anderson tried to use her charms to get past the secret service to meet with vice president mike pence. she wanted to speak with pence about a pardon for julian assange of wikileaks. anderson has been connected to assange romantically and reportedly visits him at the ecuadorian embassy in london. she s also become more politically active in recent years because of her awareness of assange s plight.page six reports:spies tell page six that anderson was in manhattan filming a psa at the jw marriott essex house when she learned that pence was at the same address. the blond bombshell has said that she  loves  wikileaks founder assange and visits him every two weeks in his  cramped  room at london s ecuadorian embassy
" who can you trust most not to show you their penis in a professional setting?  democrat dana nessel asks in the new ad.  is it the candidate who doesn t have a penis? i d so say. she then makes several promises to her voters:  i will not sexually harass my staff. and i won t tolerate it in your workplace either. i won t walk around in a half-open bathrobe. the ad follows allegations of sexual misconduct against u.s. rep. john conyers
"u.s. rep. jim clyburn could find himself in hot water.a writer for the new york times magazine and national geographic tweeted that clyburn invoked the name of susan smith
"nbc was called out by conservative news outlets
"with all of the stories of
"the cases of fraud
"the left woke up in a fury after they discovered president trump retweeted 3 videos showing disgusting hate crimes committed against europeans by muslims.  was the president trying to prove his case about how the mass muslim migration into europe is destroying their cultures and making the citizens unsafe? president trump didn t include any commentary with his retweets
"according to wired   there are hackable security flaws in software. and then there are those that don t even require hacking at all just a knock on the door and asking to be let in. apple s macos high sierra has the second kind.on tuesday
"remember when president barack obama s attorney general loretta lynch just happened to get a surprise visit in phoenix
 white musicians over “white supremacy” concerns…#boycottgrammys"
 vocal illegal alien advocate and trump impeachment leader
"james o keefe of project veritas has used his incredible talents to go undercover and expose crooked organizations like acorn and planned parenthood. during the 2016 election
"while honoring native american code talkers today at the white house
 where she won custody of 12-yr old grandson…accuser also plead “guilty” to felony fraud charges against family member"
"this isn t going to go over well with obama s black lives matter folks veteran actor denzel washington says his latest role as a dogged defense attorney in roman j. israel
"earlier today
 warns refugees: “if you are an economic migrant” or an “illegal immigrant” you’ll be sent home"
 he’d kill donald trump…blames press for making him president"
"earlier today
"there is no word yet
"john conyers
"it s hard to imagine
"john conyers might just drain the swamp for us. the 88-year old democrat from michigan who is accused of sexually harassing female staffers is now threatening to bring the swamp down by exposing all of the other members of the house and senate accused of sexual harassment. yes
 questions his involvement in her mysterious house fire death"
"a wyoming high school is under fire after parents exposed an online student quiz that offered  shooting at trump  as one of the multiple choice answers.an unidentified english teacher at jackson hole high school gave students a multiple choice quiz on thursday about george orwell s novel  animal farm  that included a question that many are pointing to as an example of the district s  liberal bias
 decent
"cnn political analyst just spent her thanksgiving day so consumed with hate for president trump s white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders
 trump-hating student may be facing jail time
"black friday madness has officially gripped the nation.the elbows-out shopping bonanza began on thursday night as stores across the country opened their doors early to crowds of frantic bargain hunters.within hours
"has america reached a tipping point? will more and more fed up americans begin to object to athletes who choose to blatantly disrespect our flag during the national anthem? should athletes be allowed to disrespect our flag during school-sponsored events? we d love to hear what you think in the comment section below.todd starnes of fox news broke the story about 74-year old jim howard
" it s no wonder that fusion gps wants to block documents from coming out. the newest unsealed documents are explosive enough with the revelation that there was a payoff to three reporters to push negative news on trump. who are the three journalists? well
"brooklyn college is advising new york city police officers to use bathrooms on the far end of campus in order to avoid being seen by students who might be offended by their presence.the excelsior
"the washington post published an article with a video of 9-year old ava lovley of newport
"seriously? how pathetic is this? in an effort to score some publicity
"last week
"cnn host chris cuomo definitely drew the short straw when he was asked to fill in for host don lemon
"this story is about more than a massive cover-up for an elected officials who sexually assaulted innocent women
"president donald trump says that the oakland raiders should suspend running back marshawn lynch for the rest of the season for disrespecting the flag after he did not stand for the anthem.before sunday s game against the new england patriots in mexico city
"last week
"before lavar ball
"houston
"since the colin kaepernick and his fellow players started their black lives matter kneeling campaign
"wow! poor kathy griffin the toxic  comedian  found herself facing a tsunami-sized backlash after she held a severed
"president trump on saturday criticized hillary clinton
"msnbc reporter kasie hunt began her segment on sexual harassment in washington by telling the show s viewers
"celebrated congressional black caucus member
 strongly suspect somebody out of the mcconnell camp planted the story”"
"once you ve read this list
"it s pretty common knowledge for anyone s who s tortured themselves by watching the view
"in one of his regular appearances on the imus in the morning radio show
"just another case of  love trumps hate lol! the more hate these unhinged liberals spew
 i take her to the closet and rape her”"
"well this is a shocker! the usual leftist slant on the view was put aside for some support for president trump. who knew these political hacks could be reasonable and kind to trump! whoopi goldberg took the lead when she gave the three basketball players who were detained by china a tongue lashing yes
"after reporter and model
 starring accused sexual predator ben affleck: “better than the last one!”"
"you ve gotta love this president and his ability to send personal messages via twitter he just gave some fatherly advice to the three ucla basketball players in deep trouble for shoplifting while in china president donald trump on thursday encouraged the three ucla basketball freshmen who he helped get out of china after being arrested for shoplifting to thank president xi jinping for his help as well.liangelo ball
"several uncomfortable videos have surfaced this week
"this story just keeps unraveling two days ago
"yesterday
 shepard smith
 i’m truly sorry”"
"trey gowdy railed against the erosion of trust between the american people and the doj during a hearing before congress today:  i want to start with something that s very important to me
"joe biden didn t earn his nickname  creepy joe  or  creepy uncle joe  for his good behavior. sadly
"we assume donald trump was talking about illegal aliens like horacio alvarado who repeatedly raped his 14-year-old step-daughter and eventually impregnated her in hopes that it would be his ticket to citizenship.daily mail -an illegal immigrant in milwaukee is accused of fathering his teenage stepdaughter s child in a misguided attempt to remain in the us.horacio alvarado
"hollywood producer kingpin and mega-democrat party donor
"three are known dead and many wounded when a shooting started at a home but moved to a school. many have been wounded breaking: at least 3 dead in shooting in tehama co. it started at a home and moved to the school. shooter shot and killed by police. pic.twitter.com/xikvyixq4y  sara stinson (@sarastinsonnews) november 14
"since most of the actors and producers in hollywood will either be in treatment
"monday on cnbc
"even though the media and the their allies in the democrat party are maniacly focused on doing whatever it takes to bring down the popular alabama gop senate candidate
 the apology isn’t for keurig customers"
"minnesota is home to the largest number of somali immigrants in america.  census numbers put the state s somali s population at about 40
"our favorite conservative street artist sabo crashed an anti-trump art exhibition in los angeles saturday night
"when keurig decided to side with soros against sean hannity and roy moore s right to defend himself against serious
"last week
"before keurig
"hillary clinton
"yesterday
"infowars uncovered a bombshell when they discovered the facebook page of one of judge roy moore s accusers
"liberal fox news host
"oscar-winning actress sandra bullock is set to play wendy davis
"alabama senate candidate roy moore is denying that he romantically pursued teenagers as young as 14 while he was in his 30s after a bombshell report. the women accusing moore told the washington post that when they were between the ages of 14 and 18
"the not so funny comedian louis c.k. appeared on the stephen colbert show mostly to talk about his decision to send an email to his fans
"after a business meeting before the miss universe pageant in 2013
"james kallstrom is the former assistant director of the fbi who is no fan of former fbi director james comey. we ve reported several times on kallstrom s very blunt take on the politicization of the intelligence community (see below). check out his awesome take on how comey  folded wow!kallstrom tells it like it is in his latest interview: james comey
"a couple of quick questions come to mind when most law-abiding americans see illegal aliens storming our government buildings:  is there anywhere else in the world where hundreds of illegal aliens are storming government buildings that house lawmakers
"nbc host megyn kelly must be really desperate for guests to have on her new show. she just had on the woman who behaved like a child when she flipped off president trump s motorcade.  this woman was fired from her job for this and has already gotten way too much attention her 15 minutes of fame should be up now!the unbelievable part of the interview with juli briskman is when kelly said the saga of flipping off president donald trump s motorcade spoke  uniquely to what america s all about huh? would megyn kelly be saying the same thing if the tables were turned and obama was flipped off? what s so amazing and american about behaving like a spoiled child? the left has been showing their true colors since trump won a year ago. it s disturbing when this woman is praised for her lewd and immature behavior. grow up already! between this and the extreme bitterness of the clinton grifters
"should legal gun owners be allowed to freely carry anywhere in their state
"bill clinton went on the conan show and spewed bitterness towards president trump at one point
"one year later
"cowboys owner jerry jones just threatened to sue the nfl if commissioner goodell s contract extension is approved. is this too little
"in her new book  hacks 
 the media
"the information below is disturbing and should be a wake up call for  americans that the left isn t taking losing lying down. this is war a war for the heart of america!the quote below from steve bannon also goes for the left and the radical elitists like holder he continuously mocks president trump in the interview below by calling him  orange man . holder is seething with contempt and hate. it s shameful behavior from a man who was once a very powerful member of a presidential administration in america. he exposes himself for the hateful racist we knew he was. this is scary and should be a big reminder that the war isn t over with these people. keep up the fight!bannon is 100% correct on this:former attorney general eric holder says he is glad to be unshackled from his old job because employment with the national democratic redistricting committee lets him lash out at republicans like  orange man  president trump.politico recently went on the road with the ndrc s chairman in virginia for get-out-the-vote efforts on behalf of lt. gov. ralph northam
"the republican party should be so fortunate
"melania trump never hesitates to call someone on the carpet for lying about her alec baldwin knows now that he can t mess with the first lady!a spokesperson for the first lady fired back at the actor after he claimed that she loves my impersonation  of president donald trump. that is not true
"silly
"is there a more corrupt and power hungry group of people anywhere in the united states? debbie wasserman-schultz
"the dnc chair tom perez took his delusional and very nasty attitude on fox business this morning maria bartiromo let him have it with a dose of  brutal truth about the direction the dems are going in your party has been hijacked by the extreme left
"after ed gillespie lost the va governor s race tonight
"thank god a hero with a gun emerged in sutherland
 am i racist?” [video]"
"the word  crooked  doesn t only apply to hillary. sadly
"in fly-over country
"the oakland raiders have been in the news quite a bit lately
"is former dnc chair donna brazile attempting to tie hillary to the murder of dnc staffer seth rich in her new book  hacks ? what does brazile know? is she in danger if she says too much? is brazile offering just enough information
"the move by a twitter employee last week to ban president trump from the social media platform for 11 minutes received a great deal of attention and offered people a glimpse into how easily someone at twitter can stop the flow of information from a source he does not like.what did not get a great deal of attention
"the picture
"5 broken ribs with trouble breathing
"at least 26 people have been killed inside a texas church   including a two-year-old child   after a gunman dressed in full combat gear opened fire during the morning service before cops shot him dead.confirmed reports are beginning to circulate that the shooter is a left-wing antifa member
"a political reporter for the los angeles times is under fire from all sides for making sexist remarks about white house press secretary sarah sanders in his latest anti-trump column .what about the cartoon???while david horsey issued a lame apology for his article
"please pray for the victims and their families at least 27 people have been killed inside a texas church   including a two-year-old child   after a gunman dressed in full combat gear opened fire during the morning service before cops shot him dead.the shooting happened at the first baptist church of sutherland springs
"the decision of actress mila kunis to make monthly donations to abortion business planned parenthood in pro-life vice president mike pence s name has generated a call for a boycott of jim beam on twitter.jim beam global brand spokesperson kunis told conan o brien thursday that she donates to planned parenthood in pence s name to protest his pro-life policies. o brien asked kunis to explain her  prank: i apologize if i m offending anybody. it s not so much a prank as much as i disagreed with some of the stuff that pence was doing and was trying to do. and so as a reminder that there are women out there in the world that may or may not agree with his platform
"is this just one more case of an activist judge too blinded by his hate for trump to deliver the justice he took an oath to uphold? it was announced yesterday that army sgt. bowe bergdahl
"another unhinged democrat has been arrested for attacking someone with political views that are in opposition to his yawn kentucky state police have arrested a person accused of assaulting sen. rand paul (r-ky.) at his home in kentucky
"the obama administration s well guarded osama bin laden documents were released on wednesday by cia director mike pompeo. the documents were seized in a raid after u.s. seal rob o neill killed osama bin laden. the obama administration basically politicized the intelligence agencies when they hand-picked just a few of the 470
"when the daughter of president trump visited japan
"one courageous navy vet has had enough of the disrespectful nfl players who kneel during the national anthem. although it would be a great honor for the vet to receive an award
"our first black president of the united states has quite an impressive list of accomplishments. sadly
"wow! what a couple of hypocrites and haters! we ve included contact info for the two male liberal columnists below so you can let them know how tacky and disgraceful they are for mocking sarah sanders.update: horsey issued an apology after backlash but his cartoon is still in the article! i want to apologize to times readers   and to sarah huckabee sanders   for a description that was insensitive and failed to meet the standards of our newspaper. it also failed to meet the expectations i have for myself. it surely won t be my last mistake
"if you haven t discovered austen fletcher yet
"two nights ago
"environmental protection agency administrator scott pruitt has received an unprecedented amount of death threats
"when a disgusting ad appeared on tv showing a white man in a pick-up truck with a confederate flag in the back
 laundering money through dnc…drops major bombshell about “cancer” barack obama"
"president trump isn t sitting around waiting for multiple terror attacks before taking steps to help make america safer. during his brief press conference
"president trump isn t sitting around waiting for multiple terror attacks before taking steps to help make america safer. during his brief press conference
"yesterday
"the media cheered when democrat senator chuck schumer (d-ny) helped a 24-yr old muslim man enter the u.s. after he was denied entry the media was strangely silent
"while the mainstream media was salivating over the indictment of paul manafort by dirty cop robert mueller
"dc lawyer victoria toensing is one smart cookie. she s representing a former fbi informant who has evidence on kickbacks and bribery involving the transportation of uranium in the us. she recently told sean hannity her client will brief congress about russian involvement in the u.s. uranium market. this includes widespread bribery and actions that involved the clintons i m not going into detail
"imam tawhidi is an outspoken voice in the muslim community
"this is how the left thinks. just a few minutes after a terrorist murdered people in nyc
"mark levin dropped a bombshell on his show tonight about the muslim terrorist who killed 9 people in manhattan and injured dozens.  the diversity visa program was given the green light by none other than new york democrat senator chuck schumer... mark levin; nyc muslim terrorist came to us under  diversity visa program    a bizarre lottery to shove more foreigners down our throats  deplorable md   (@mddeplorable) october 31
"when supporters of the democrat party start using ads that appear to be inspired by islamic acts of terror
"was the first actress who outed accused rapist and serial sexual abuser harvey weinstein targeted for ratting out the hollywood kingpin producer or is this simply a case of another hollywood liberal who believes she s above the law and can t believe she is actually going to be charged with felony drug possession? aren t felony drug possessions supposed to be for the little people who pay to watch hollywood actors perform? while her past history with weinstein is horrific
"when  comedian  andy dick repeatedly slid his hands up and down ivanka trump s legs during her interview with jimmy kimmel
"this summarization by peter flaherty
 it’s pathetic” [video]"
"remember when hillary stood in front of the families and the 4 dead bodies of brave americans and lied about  an awful internet video  being the cause of their deaths:hillary was caught red-handed lying about the  video  by rep. jim jordon (r-oh) in front of the house select committee on benghazi during her testimony:will today s capture of a top militant who was instrumental in the benghazi attack finally solve the puzzle about what happened in benghazi? will the lies of hillary and barack obama finally be exposed? american military news   u.s. special operations forces have captured a top militant who was  instrumental  in the benghazi attack in libya in 2012 that killed u.s. ambassador chris stevens
"earlier today
"daily caller   the revelation on monday that former trump campaign adviser george papadopoulos has plead guilty to lying to the fbi about his contacts with russian operatives thrust the little-known energy consultant into the national spotlight.few details have been reported about the 30-year-old papadopoulos
 the boston globe…calls them “the white supremacist” for omitting his name from gop candidates running against fake indian elizabeth warren"
"how should the gay community feel about the trump-hating actor
000 to push for gun-control"
"earlier today
"in fly-over country
"make no mistake about it
"on june 15
"former house of representatives member and chairman of the house committee on oversight and government reform jason chaffetz (ut-r)  was a guest on the judge jeanine show last night. judge jeanine started out her segment with chaffetz talking about how hillary clinton and friends keep lying and obfuscating the law. she asked chaffetz what he could tell her about what s being done
"republican rep. trey gowdy
"when oakland athletics catcher bruce maxwell took a knee during the national anthem before their game against the texas rangers
"two patriots walk:the officials
"can you imagine being potus and having this threat every day while you re in the whitehouse? the threats are there but this type of threat is frightening because this man is apparently mentally ill. we were unable to find any pictures of this man. he made vile and graphic threats to president trump and was charged:a truck driver has been charged in federal court with threatening to assassinate president donald trump in several phone calls to secret service field offices.special agent matthew lariviere wrote in a criminal complaint unsealed tuesday that james anthony jackson repeatedly called the secret service field office in chicago on oct. 12-13 and made more phone calls to the field office in detroit on oct. 18 threatening to  blow trump s brains out. better watch donald trump ass
"the view s unhinged co-host joy behar
"brilliant conservative and american thinker contributor
"it s not at all surprising that at least 28% of democrats consider themselves to be atheists. fascinating this has to be embarrassing . . . if you re an atheist. a new study performed at the university of york used targeted magnetism to shut down part of the brain. the result: belief in god disappeared among more than 30 percent of participants.that in itself may not seem so embarrassing
"thanks to frank stephens for this moving testimony on living with down syndrome. stephens is a man with down syndrome and an advocate for those with the genetic disorder. he told a congressional committee on wednesday that his life is  worth living  as he criticized those who believe fetuses with down syndrome should be aborted.down syndrome babies are being aborted in huge numbers since we now have genetic testing to detect if a baby will be born with down syndrome. recently
"one of the fastest growing groups of refugees coming to the u.s. are coming from africa according to the center for immigration studies:the sending countries with the largest percentage increases in the number of immigrants living in the united states since 2010 were saudi arabia (up 122 percent)
"paul joseph watson nails it again. in the video below
"after months of finding no evidence of russian collusion with the trump campaign
"is representative nancy pelosi (d-ca) the member of congress who s receiving alzheimer s drugs from the d.c. pharmacist who revealed a dirty little washington secret about the drugs he delivers to congress members only 2 weeks ago? nancy s even more bizarre than usual behavior has led a lot of americans to question her mental capacity and wonder if she s one of the members who s receiving the medications to treat  serious health problems ?something is clearly wrong with nancy pelosi. why is everyone in washington dc and in the media ignoring her bizarre and incoherent interviews that leave viewers wondering how in the world she is fit to serve. american mirror   during her recent weekly press conference
"the nyp reported that the players whom bob mcnair employs were not happy about his comments at a recent nfl owners meeting.mcnair sparked the outrage by saying
"a former fbi informant who blew the whistle on a high-profile bribery case involving a russian energy company was intimidated by obama administration lawyers into dropping a civil suit against the government last year
"you can thank obama and all of the democrat race baiters out there for a rise in hate and division. obama was constantly trying everything he could to stir up racial disunity from day one of his presidency. from the  beer summit  to ferguson
"actor kevin sorbo and his wife
"could there be two creepier people than  creepy joe  biden and the sex-obsessed pop-star lady gaga
"exactly one year ago today on arrogant hillary clinton s birthday
"twitter exploded when  god bless america  was beautifully sung by american servicemen at the world series on tuesday night. the left was  triggered  by the beautiful and patriotic song that they ve been trying to censor from mlb for some time. several recent articles by slate and other publications call for  god bless america  to be omitted from being played at games:nydn reported: major league baseball must permanently retire  god bless america
"the walt disney company   the same group that s so woke
"mandalay bay security guard jesus campos mysteriously left the country just days after the las vegas massacre
"liberalism is truly a mental disorder. sadly
"this is huge! the doj has authorized the fbi informant to speak with congress concerning alleged corruption involving clintons & uranium one:breaking: doj authorizes fbi informant to speak with congress concerning alleged corruption involving clintons & uranium one. #maga #dts  lou dobbs (@loudobbs) october 25
"by now
"the investigation into the las vegas massacre stephen paddock just keeps getting more and more strange. since the shooting massacre that took the lives of 59
000 illegals to end-of-year spending deal? two hints: it’s not a democrat and he has a huge wall around his home"
"capitalism at work. it s funny how the loss of real money has a way of helping to remind nfl owners and the networks who support them
 stormed football field over black man who sprayed “kkk go home n***ers” on campus wall"
"this is a truly disturbing discovery and an unimaginable threat that needs to be taken very seriously by our government mexican police discovered four men carting a kamikaze drone equipped with an ied and a remote detonator last week
"will trump s ag jeff sessions allow crooked hillary and friends to walk from their alleged involvement in the dossier that turned into a full-fledged witch hunt for president trump
"beyonce made an attempt to glorify the violent black panther s group during her nfl superbowl halftime show in 2015. former president barack obama once marched with the new black panthers while campaigning for president in selma
"serial liar and 2020 democrat presidential hopeful senator elizabeth warren just can t help herself. in an effort to try to make herself relevant and in what seems like a desperate attempt to address her irrelevancy
"on friday
"megyn kelly is quite possibly the least popular host on television. she s also quite possibly one of the highest paid hosts on one of the lowest rated morning shows on television. in her desperate attempt to do just about anything for ratings
 racist and obsessed with michelle obama”"
"anti-trump besties matt damon and george clooney sat down with good morning america s michael strahan to discuss their good friend
"you might want to sit down for this one the policy of nyc is so upside down and crazy that you might now believe it! the policy is to just let criminal illegal aliens roam the streets instead of deporting them or locking them up. i kid you not! the theory from the brainiacs at city hall is that this promotes public safety .promotes public safety???well
"you seriously can t make this stuff up wouldn t it be great if we had a real and honest media
"the owners of teams where nfl players continue to kneel during the national anthem are about to get a very real wake up call as ticket sales and tv viewership continues to tank.images from nfl stadiums across america have been posted on twitter
"hillary clinton continued her overseas trashing of our president with her latest claim that former president bush said some rude things about the ceremony. she s so bitter that it s embarrassing. she s the poster child for what a liberal elitist pig looks like. check out this video of clinton describing how she tried to get out of going to the inauguration:can you believe this hateful woman? she claims that after other former presidents announced they were going that he and bill looked at each other and said
"what in the world is going on that young adults are actually taking up astrology and witchcraft witchcraft??? they ve ditched religion for the occult???banu guler
"on friday s broadcast of hbo s  real time
"so much hate. so much anger. so much time on their hands. but oh yeah trump s the one the left just doesn t  get a trans artist has turned 200 gallons of her urine into an art exhibit to protest against president trump.a vice news video shows artist cassils
"why is this not front page news on every major media outlet?russian intelligence targeted hillary clinton before she became secretary of state in 2009
"when people say  what happens in las vegas
"sounds to me like gen. kelly got it right. this portion of her speech seems to emphasize her role in getting the naming done. that was his point
"filmmaker and author phelim mcaleer knew he was going to ruffle some feathers when he decided to open his ferguson-the play in the leftist hotbed of new york city. mcaleer has never been one to shy away from controversy
"melania trump is embracing a more active and public schedule as first lady   but she still runs one of the leanest east wing operations in recent history.according to a fox news analysis of white house personnel reports
"remember when candidate donald trump was condemned by the left for telling americans that we have criminals coming across our borders? well
"two days ago
"nbc host matt lauer on thursday asked former cia director john brennan whether military officials surrounding president donald trump would  tackle him  before he engaged in a nuclear confrontation.brennan replied that trump has unilateral authority to authorize military action.lauer asked brennan hesitantly about reports surrounding america s procedure to deploy nuclear weapons under trump
"buzzfeed reports
" out of all of the places we ve ever been overseas
"lost in the uproar over the nfl sideline protests against police brutality are newly released statistics showing that the threat to black men is skyrocketing   not from trigger-happy or racist cops
"wow! these texas democratic congresswomen are unreal!  we just had the bedazzled cowgirl congresswoman frederica wilson trying to stir up lies against trump. now this:texas congresswoman bernice johnson might regret commenting on the allegations against serial sexual assaulter harvey weinstein when she said  that women also have a responsibility to stop sexual assault and harassment. she thinks women shouldn t appear  inviting this woman is so in the dark about sexual assault: i grew up in a time when it was as much the woman s responsibility as a man s how you were dressed
"when americans heard about the tragic deaths of the four u.s. troops
"chris farrell is the judicial watch director of investigations who let it rip last night on the direction america is going in. lou dobbs got an earful from farrell who discussed the  paralyzed  justice department:farrell let it rip: it s really a giant socialist organ operating that protests itself. offense after offense and you find laws are for the little people. the clinton gang walks away. people say
"two us senators who couldn t be more ideologically opposed
"thanks to one very brave journalist and filmmaker
"in june of 2016
 whipped and beat wife
"yesterday
"the left is going ballistic over supposed words said by president trump to a grieving military widow.  president trump made a call to myeshia wilson that s been turned into a political football by the left to make trump out to be  crazy . wilson s husband was killed in niger while serving in our military so president trump was making a sympathy call to mrs. wilson. unfortunately
"the left is going ballistic over supposed words said by president trump to a grieving military widow.  president trump made a call to myeshia wilson that has been turned into a political football by the left to make trump out to be  crazy . wilson s husband was killed in niger while serving in our military.the media also wasted no time covering this story that does it s best to try and make trump look as bad as possible just another day in the life of the lefty media.far left congresswoman  frederica wilson jumped right in to trash trump after the call. she s following the left s narrative by claiming trump is a  sick man .  it s pretty funny that wilson calls trump crazy while wearing a glittery cowgirl hat 24/7.according to nbc: he said
"the cnn  journalist  who posted the video of president trump helping polio survivor mitch mcconnell up the stairs
"batman fans who have been looking forward to the upcoming batman sequel
"batman fans who have been looking forward to the upcoming batman sequel
 obama
"a spokesperson for the clinton foundation claims the group will not return weinstein s donations
"fox news reporter john roberts told president trump that in an earlier interview
"the view s joy behar was beaming after watching a clip of eminem trashing president trump at the bet awards
"founder of the ford motor company
"apparently
"after bill  and chelsea clinton both dodged reporters asking if their foundation would return donations from harvey weinstein
"prior to the 2016 election (oct  16) consumer confidence measured by the university of michigan was indexed at 87.2 today that same confidence rating is 101.1 a stunning 15.9% increase. similarly
"he was such a nice boy he was just looking for a better life. why don t we just give all of these young illegal aliens a chance to prove that they can be contributing members of society? is anyone else getting tired of hearing how it s not fair that americans don t want to give over 1 million people living illegally in america blanket citizenship? a man accused of killing a south carolina high school student had been protected from deportation under the daca program
"democratic national committee chair tom perez is in a tight spot. the dnc is broke and could use the money given to them by accused serial sexual assaulter  harvey weinstein.  was perez  non-answer on friday a yes or a no? what would you bet the democrats do? will they return weinstein s money like others have done or keep it?weinstein is a longtime democratic donor who has given $300
 i was in a prostitution ring’"
"child actor corey feldman appeared on the view in 2013 to talk about his book that exposed some of the richest and most powerful people in the business [hollywood]
"george lopez was hired to be the emcee for the children s diabetes foundation s carousel ball. lopez thought it would be a good idea to turn what should have been an event to help sick children into an opportunity to express his hate for president trump and his supporters. bad idea here s the promotion for lopez from the children s diabetes foundation on twitter:we are excited to announce that commedian & acotor @georgelopez will be the emcee for this year's #carouselball!  pic.twitter.com/acpai9f22a  cdf (@cdfdiabetes) september 21
"geraldo rivera said his trip to puerto rico after hurricane maria confirmed how badly biased the press is against president trump. having seen how he was treated in puerto rico and then seeing the press about how he was treated in puerto rico it was almost an absolute 100 percent disconnect
"he was given the option to kneel in protest before the game
 actor george clooney of helping to “blacklist” her after she reported sexual harassment"
 says sex claims against bill are “clearly in the past”…claims trump has “admitted to being a sexual assaulter in the oval office”"
"speaking to bill maher about her participation in the women s march in dc
"today
"lithonia
 and democrat donor
 this is a country that respects us now” [video]"
"during a private meeting of the most senior republican senators
"members of the los angeles police department arrived at the home of harvey weinstein s oldest daughter on wednesday morning for a welfare call.that visit was prompted by a call from lily weinstein
"the democratic national committee announced friday that it is still holding onto most of the money it received from hollywood mogul and alleged sexual harasser harvey weinstein.the dnc will donate just ten percent of the almost $300
"the numbers are in
"yesterday
"project veritas  latest installment in the american pravda series takes aim at the new york times
 mother of his young kids is leaving…here’s what she’s saying to the victims"
"harvey weinstein was among a host of hollywood actors and producers that donated $10
"ben affleck posted a statement expressing his sadness and anger over billionaire producer and hollywood kingpin
"are we finally watching the end times for hollywood celebrities
"after several days of silence
"the disgraced anti-trump hollywood producer
 then you shouldn’t be in this country playing football”"
"fashion designer donna karan is standing by harvey weinstein and has suggested his alleged victims may have been  asking for it  by the way the women act and dress.during a red carpet interview at the cin fashion film awards on sunday
"what the heck was he thinking? at 7:44 pm est
"the hypocrisy of the hollywood elites who would hide the truth about a sexual predator is beyond the pale if i had a bucket list
"yesterday
"ap  president donald trump has told congressional leaders that his hard-line immigration priorities must be enacted in exchange for extending protection from deportation to hundreds of thousands of young immigrants
 “peed” on the field
 and top hillary donor
 kicks them out of business: “i’m gay. you have to leave”"
"nfl reporter jason lacanfora updated football fans about former san francisco quarterback colin kaepernick who found himself without a job after he began kneeling during the playing of our national anthem before the games. kaepernick kneeled to try to bring attention to the plight of black lives matter
"mike pence tweeted about how he was looking forward to attending a colts game with his wife karen today. his excitement was quickly extinguished
"if john persinger wins the mayoral race in erie
"we just discovered another reason not to support the nfl the man who is the most anti-american person we know is now connected to the national football league players association (nflpa)  the nflpa has recently financially supported a veritable  who s who  list of far-left organizations
 rino senator just got some very bad news"
"things didn t go as well as nicholle had hoped and now
"things didn t go as well as nicholle had hoped and now
"eag    black students united    which represents people of the  african diaspora    penned a letter to university administration recently in response to allegations that a white student from the psi upsilon fraternity severely beat a black student from the kappa sigma fraternity in mid-august.cornell closed down the psi upsilon fraternity as it works to  develop and implement steps to be a more equitable
"how many times have liberals used the argument that  everyone s relatives came here illegally!  ? the answer is about a million or more times. liberals can t seem to differentiate between people who came to our nation to either escape persecution or to find a better life that came through ellis island or immediately applied for citizenship in america
"san juan mayor carmen yulin cruz tore a book from the nasty democrat women s playbook on wednesday and wore a black t-shirt emblazoned with the word  nasty  during an interview with univision s jorge ramos. in case anyone forgot
"chicago tribune   just weeks after stoking controversy by using nazi imagery on his jewish deli s facebook page
"nancy sinatra sent out an absolutely vile tweet today
"this is what democrats think of people who broke our laws to come to america? nancy pelosi thanked a  dreamer s  parents wednesday for bringing him to the united states illegally. pelosi made the remark during a town hall with cnn s chris cuomo where she took a question from  dreamer  adrian reyna. our dreamers
"a former governor of puerto rico shut down a question from msnbc host mika brzezinski on wednesday when she asked about president donald trump s treatment of san juan mayor carmen yul n cruz.trump and cruz s interactions and criticisms have drawn national attention during the process of helping puerto rico recover from hurricane maria
"let s hope this angry leftist mayor doesn t prevent individual donors from contributing to help the people of san juan who may not agree with her hateful attacks on our president
"during the 2016 presidential election
 ceo of las vegas mgm and mandalay bay resort asked employees to donate to cair only 2 months ago
"michelle obama is hands-down
"when did our washington dc mall become a staging area for feminist statements? do families traveling to dc really need to see a statue of a naked woman standing next to the washington monument? don t we have a number of museums in dc that would be a more appropriate temporary home for a 45-foot statue of a naked woman?the organizers of catharsis on the mall are planning to have a 45-foot-tall statue of a naked woman near the washington monument for several months.the national park services confirmed to fox 5 it received and was reviewing a public gathering permit application for catharsis on the mall which would include erecting a 45-foot tall statue of a naked woman.organizers for the event said the statue
"cori langdon
"late-night tv host jimmy kimmel opened his program monday with a ten-minute political rant about sunday s mass murder in las vegas
"trump administration officials are mulling an executive order that would instruct federal agencies to review low-income assistance programs
"lady gaga and julianne moore are speaking out after the horrific terror attack that left at least 58 people dead and 515 injured in las vegas on sunday night.the hollywood stars both took to twitter on monday
"the first thing that comes to mind when you think of hillary clinton s response to the las vegas shooting is that she s gone on twitter and removed all doubt that she s clueless when it comes to guns and gun control. what s even more unbelievable is she wasted no time politicizing this horrific event while asking everyone else not to: we can and must put politics aside
"good morning britain viewers have been left baffled by pop diva mariah carey s appearance on monday s installment following the breaking news of a shooting in las vegas.the 47-year-old hitmaker was due to chat to host piers morgan and susanna reid about her upcoming christmas shows in london and paris before news broke about the shocking incident at the route 91 harvest music festival   which so far has claimed the lives of 50 people and left more than 400 injured.appearing in a live feed from her beverly hills home
 who received death threats for supporting president trump was on #lasvegas stage last night with jason aldean"
"anyone who is not yet convinced that liberalism is a mental disorder hasn t been on social media since president trump s inauguration. every day the hateful rhetoric is ramped up by liberals who are no longer able to function in everyday society since they ve been afflicted with trump derangement syndrome.hollywood celebrities are holding up severed heads of our president. has been pop-stars like madonna say things like they d like to  blow up  the white house. black lives matter has inspired an entire league of overpaid professional nfl athletes to turn what was a movement against our brave law enforcement officers into an anti-american
"an online radio station based out of oklahoma gave veterans free car washes with the nfl treatment on saturday. volunteers at the event used nfl jerseys and other sports gear to wash down veterans  vehicles for three hours as a response to nfl players protesting the national anthem before games. we met some great people
" when they go low we go high.    michelle obama famously used this quote to explain the difference between democrats and republicans at the dnc convention. sadly
 kneel and lock arms after trump tweet to respect anthem [video]"
"a man shouting  allahu akbar  has stabbed two women to death with a butcher s knife before being gunned down by soldiers in marseille.the victims
"campus reform partnered with the network of enlightened women (new) to ask students at george washington university what they think of conservative women and whether or not they re treated differently on campus. the answers are disturbing. while the left preaches tolerance
"how much longer will the citizens of san juan
"san juan s mayor railed against president trump s acting dhs secretary for expressing optimism about the progress the us has made in their relief efforts for residents of puerto rico. san juan s mayor
"two students at a metro atlanta elementary school say they were singled out for what they did during the pledge of allegiance. tuesday morning at orrs elementary school
" last week
"football legend herschel walker weighed in on the nfl kneeling controversy giving the players one key piece of advice keep it off the field!  walker says donald trump is right when it comes to standing for the national anthem and that commissioner rodger goodell needs to take control of the situation.the viral video above shows walker lending his support to trump. he happens to be a personal friend who worked for the president and was on trump s hit show  the apprentice .he criticized both the players who have decided to kneel and nfl commissioner roger goodell for allowing the protests:  i think it means making a league-wide rule that if you want to protest
"during game 1 of the wnba finals
"democrats have the perfect weapon to take down donald trump in 2020
"first lady melania trump fired back friday at a massachusetts elementary school librarian who rejected her donation of dr. seuss books
"sarah sanders does a fantastic job shutting down april reid on the topic of the anthem protest. reid tries to change the narrative to make the protest about race. sarah wasn t having it great job sarah!ryan said the protesting players had said it was not about the flag but about protesting for such things as women s rights and civil rights. what does the president say when you look at history and see how people love this country but wanted to challenge the system to make it better?  ryan asked. i think if we re going to look at history
"women in saudi arabia were just given the right to drive. many conservative men are against this because they believe in separation of the sexes and they believe women aren t smart enough to drive guess they ve never heard of danica patrick.comments from saudi clerics and a sheikh are laughable:saudi clerics ultimately believe female drivers  undermine social values  and lack the  intellect  to navigate the nation s roadways. would you give a man with half an intellect a driving licence?  sheikh saad al-hajari
"it doesn t matter how many times president trump has shown himself to be a man of the people
"steven crowder is an amazing and always unafraid conservative comedian. he was present at the union battle for  right to work  in michigan where he was famously punched in the face by a union thug
"meanwhile
"last night s game between the bears and packers is usually a fun-filled event that s become a huge tradition for football fans everywhere. last night was no exception!the stadium was filled with fans who chanted usa
"watching sports on tv or going to a football stadium to watch a game
"yesterday
"the backlash from angry fans has only gotten bigger with the refusal of teams like the packers asking the fans to join in on the protest. how deaf can they be to the sound of angry fans who want teams to stand with hand over heart for our flag and national anthem.the left is busy conflating the nfl protest with their rage over the election of trump they ve turned trump s comments into a  dog whistle  of racism remember when trump called the players  son s of b*tches ? well
"have americans already forgotten about the real reason kaepernick was kneeling during the national anthem? he was kneeling in support of black lives matter and their war against law enforcement. nfl players who kneel or stand in solidarity with colin kaepernick are protesting against our law enforcement. should anyone be surprised by the backlash these players are receiving from their fans
"a school librarian in cambridge
 boy!”"
"the owner of the ringling bar
"a harvard women s studies and islamic studies professor  was forcibly taken off of a southwest flight today. she demanded that two dogs be taken off of the plane because she said she s allergic to dogs. well
 creed
"how very bold of the white yahoo sports writer greg wyshynski
"on september 6
"every american taxpayer should be outraged at the numbers in the report below. open borders under 8 years of obama is costing american taxpayers a tremendous amount more than ever before! don t forget the thousands upon thousands of illegal alien minors who flooded the border during obama s presidency. the bottom line is that open borders have consequences and the unfortunate consequence for taxpayers is we re footing the bill for illegals and this is not sustainable!the swelling population of illegal immigrants and their kids is costing american taxpayers $135 billion a year
"  one day after actress debra messing revealed that she regretted going on megyn kelly s new nbc morning show
"has the left and the leftist media managed to make americans forget why this whole  kneeling in protest against the american flag  in the nfl started? have americans forgotten the statement made by colin kaepernick when asked why he kneeled during our national anthem while every other player stood in respect for our flag?when the san francisco 49 ers qb colin kaepernick was asked why he kneeled during our national anthem
"two years ago
"luther strange will likely be the first and last establishment candidate trump will make the admitted  mistake  of supporting roy moore defeated alabama sen. luther strange in tuesday s alabama republican senate primary runoff.the primary took on national importance as president trump endorsed strange
"john mccain really doesn t care what topic reporters ask him about
"satellite service directv is refunding nfl sunday ticket subscriptions for customers offended by the weekend s national anthem protests.normally the company does not give refunds for the specialty package after the season starts
"in a city that has more registered democrats than republicans
"yesterday afternoon
"local artist rico lavelle was given the distinct honor and privilege of singing the national anthem on the ford field at the start of the lions football game on sunday. singing the national anthem has always been about honoring our flag and the brave women and men it represents who have given their lives for our nation. the seriousness of what happened near the end of lavelle s performance cannot be understated. rico lavelle used his privilege to honor our flag and our military to instead
"san antonio spurs coach gregg popovich is a total ass. there is no other way to say it! this jackwagon  claimed on espn2 s  the paul finebaum show  monday that  people have to be made to feel uncomfortable
"despite massive boycott threats by consumers
"a fumbling nancy pelosi tried to defend former nfl quarterback colin kaepernick s  first amendment  right to kneel during the national anthem. she couldn t quite get the name out and stuttered to say it. if you ve been following pelosi
"outspoken conservative paul joseph watson is
"pittsburgh s head coach mike tomlin showed his solidarity for players who took a cowardly stand against our president after trump said nfl owners should fire players who disrespect our flag during the national anthem. the pittsburg steelers team and coaching disrespected our flag and our veterans who have sacrificed so much by hiding in a tunnel instead of joining the fans to honor our flag. after the game
"the man who won two super bowls for the city of pittsburgh says that he now regrets the fact that he and his steelers teammates refused to stand on the field for the national anthem during sunday s game. now he regrets it? how is it that these athletes didn t feel strongly enough before the anthem to stand up? steelers qb ben roethlisberger says he regrets standing in tunnel with team for national anthem pic.twitter.com/4hkoc8o7o1  darren rovell (@darrenrovell) september 25
"stadium worker erich nikischer quit his job at new era field after almost 30 years. i waited until the national anthem ended
 you better shut up’ [video]"
"several team owners said they would come down hard on any drivers who did not stand during the national anthem. that included nascar legend richard petty
"when will & grace creators david kohan and max mutchnick reunited the stars of the nbc comedy in fall 2016
 megyn kelly goes on ellen degeneres show…blames trump for her exit from fox news…claims she was “never a political person”…ellen’s not buying it"
 michelle and barack obama are looking to buy $15 million piece of land from caroline kennedy on martha’s vineyard"
"wall street might be shocked to learn it is helping bankroll the anti-trump  resistance  movement that s aggressively fighting policies it favors   including corporate tax cuts and the repeal of obama-era banking and health-care regulations.the payola is potentially earmarked for third-party interest groups approved by the justice department and hud without requiring any proof of how the funds will be spent. many of the recipients so far are radical leftist organizations who solicited the settlement cash from the administration even though they were not parties to the lawsuits
"he clarified that protesting in the united states is a right
"this heartfelt facebook comment by a detroit lion s fan speaks for so many americans:  i have been a die hard detroit lions fan since i first remember listening on the radio
"pittsburgh steelers players were absent from the sideline and remained in the locker room during the star spangled banner.alejandro villanueva
"judge jeanine tears into nfl commissioner roger goodell
"commies carrying flags fought with the austin police and disobeyed orders during a protest in austin
"in june of 2017
"sean spicer was asked during a washington post interview
"before abc cancelled tim allen s number one show  last man standing
mark steyn is dead on when he calls out the feds for wiretapping paul manafort since 2014 3 years! think about that!  the ruling party is using the cover of national security rules to get the goods on their political opponents. steyn calls out james clapper for lying it s pretty obvious that steyn s on to clapper and detests what he s done.mark steyn   we re huge fans! mark steyn s previous commentary on the testimony regarding russia is spot on: mark steyn is fantastic! he was on tucker carlson to discuss the intel hearing today on the russia investigation. he sees through all of the total bs the dems were throwing out in their testimony on trump and russia. mark steyn is the adult in the room when it comes to getting to the truth awesome!mark steyn is a gifted guy. one of our favorites!
"no class and no decorum! the always bitter michelle obama told a salt lake city audience today that  we are looking at two different administrations. this is laughable:one
"abc just announced  that it s  developing  a comedy series about an illegal alien family. this is an attempt to normalize criminal illegal behavior
"lawrence o donnell had a really bad night on august 29
"yeah
"this is rich! we ve heard for years about the outrageous demands from streisand but this takes the cake! barbra streisand only wants to be shot from her  good side    even when it comes to charity.the singing diva joined other a-list celebrities such as stephen colbert
"two hypocrite climate change freaks decided to pontificate to a packed house at yale. both john kerry and leo decaprio love to hear themselves talk so this had to be a snoozefest. the most ironic thing about the preaching on global warming coming from these two men is that they have huge carbon footprints. does leo not understand that we know he travels by private jet and big yacht what a joke! these two blow hard limousine liberals are why trump won.at a yale university talk hosted by former u.s. secretary of state john kerry
"nbc news chairman andy lack confessed to nervousness about megyn kelly s upcoming network morning show
"maxine waters got downright nasty at the funeral for dick gregory. she used the funeral to bash president trump in a big way. she s not dumb this is her base. she started with:  i ve got work to do  that s pretty rich for a woman who has done nothing for the people she represents. she s only lined her pockets. shame on her!waters repeatedly called president trump a  dishonorable human being.  she went further by indicating his white house cabinet was filled with kkk members and the alt-right. she even mentioned what she thought dick gregory would say about trump s actions with putin.  did he collude with russia? i bet you dick gregory would tell me
"every day
"tucker carlson started out his show by showing a video of leftist congresswoman nancy pelosi being verbally attacked by illegal aliens for allegedly negotiating with president trump on the issue of the unconstitutional daca program for  dreamers  that barack obama put in place.here s a short clip of the illegal aliens attacking nancy:after tucker showed nancy being shouted down by illegal aliens
"if this isn t white guilt on steroids and indoctrination
"every player on the cahokia quarterback club football team (8 and under) took a knee during the national anthem ahead of sunday s game at little devil s field in belleville. one of the kids asked me if i saw (people) protesting and rioting in st. louis. i said yes; i said
"in his tweet
"this summer s box office numbers were the worst they ve been in over 25 years
"jedediah bila is at most
"according to the associated press
"maxine waters is one angry woman. she has gone non-stop with attacks on president trump since he was elected. speaking to the westchester-playa democratic club at an la church in april
"the march 13
"bill o reilly needs to ask the investigators assigned to defend him in a sexual harassment case that eventually led to his firing for a full refund. o reilly s reputation
"rapper xxxtentacion released a controversial video for his singles
"you almost have to feel sorry for whoopi goldberg. her emotional arguments are no match for the very smart conservative brian kilmeade
"on september 13
"hungary has slashed illegal immigration by over 99 per cent after rolling out a series of powerful border fences in response to the european migrant crisis
"laura loomer decided to make a trip to brookfield
"fox news   the new york times reported earlier this week that sessions felt  humiliated  after trump accused him of  disloyalty  because he recused himself from the justice department s investigation into the trump campaign s ties to russia.trump  unleashed a string of insults  at sessions
"pbs host judy woodroof asked hillary if she believed president trump is racist? hillary pauses for effect and then delivers her very scripted answer to woodruff:  here s what i believe
"in 2016
"president trump just made an 11-year old boy s wish come true but the left is in a tizzy over it. frank giaccio wrote to the president offering to cut the white house lawn. he usually charges $8 dollars but offered to cut the grass at no charge lol! the president took him up on the offer! frank was seen mowing the lawn yesterday:a great moment but the left didn t think so. president trump was hammered on twitter for supposed child labor violations can you believe it? trump is bashed for this awesome moment of fun with a young american who is working hard to make money?here s more on what happened yesterday and just how great this was   no matter what the left says!the national park service might be out of a job keeping the white house grounds maintained. a 10-year-old boy named frank wrote president donald trump to offer his lawn mowing services  at no charge    and we all know the president loves a good deal. so frank mowed away this morning!president trump tweeted out: frank  fx  giaccio-on behalf of @flotus melania & myself
"is karma knocking on her door?mayor lyda krewson released a statement following the verdict saying
"ktvi fox 2
"st. louis   former st. louis police officer jason stockley was found not guilty friday of murdering a man while on duty.st. louis circuit judge timothy wilson s highly anticipated verdict found the white former st. louis police officer not guilty of first-degree murder and armed criminal action in the december 2011 shooting death of a black drug suspect after a high-speed pursuit and crash.immediately after the verdict was issued
"cnn s brooke baldwin interviewed fox sports radio host clay travis about his thoughts on remarks made by racist espn host jemele hill when she called president trump and kid rock  white supremacists . travis attempted to explain how he was passionate about the defense of hill s first amendment right
"this is just one of literally thousands of liberal activists who are being paid to teach our youth. let that sink in the head of the city s largest police union is calling for the firing of a john jay college professor after he tweeted  it s a privilege to teach future dead cops. professor michael isaacson
 media stir the pot anyhow
"so we disrespect the flag in class now? whether this teacher tried to get this child to stand is one thing another thing is the fact that children and adults aren t being taught why we stand for the pledge of allegiance. maybe this kid could talk to the kid who won t stand: the video below was created by a student to teach students the importance and meaning behind saying the pledge of allegiance:stand for the pledge of allegiance!a student in farmington hills
"a timer was attached to the homemade bomb used in the parsons green terror attack
"if you were watching fox news this morning
"what happened to free speech? the left is trying to crush it with the violent antifa movement. ben shapiro is a 33-year old conservative who has every right to speak. watch live-the speech was scheduled to happen at 7:00 pst california time (running a little late):s.e. cupp interviewed shapiro about the upcoming speech and how some students need counseling honestly!here s what was going on up to the time of the speech: conservative jew ben shapiro is making an appearance on the uc berkeley campus to discuss free speech and how to help reduce the violence and open dialogue between americans with opposing views. meanwhile
"senator chuck schumer sounds almost breathless with excitement as he can be heard telling an unidentified person on the senate floor
"while facebook has hired an entire team of employees to weed out  fake news 
"president trump visited areas in florida hurt by hurricane irma today and spoke out on building a wall at our southern border. people on both sides of the aisle went nuts over news reports of no wall and a deal on daca. president trump:  ultimately
 9 victims have already been hospitalized"
"the sympathetic (and borderline communist) women of the view were more than happy to give hillary a spot at the table to explain why it was everyone else but hillary s fault she lost the election. but wait
"a sign on the door of a kewaskum dairy queen
 obamacare and deadbeat dads…asks “almighty jesus” to “give us strength to fight”…”because like it or not
"how is a man with ties to a us based terror organization
"tucker carlson responded to an espn anchor calling president trump  a white supremacist.  clay travis of fox sports joined carlson and lit up the room with his spot on assessment of espn s liberal suicide by offending just about every trump voter out there. travis is fantastic!liberal hater jemele hill of  sportscenter  tweeted this and got a slap on the wrist the double standard at espn is unbelievable! espn previously fired former mlb pitcher curt schilling over a controversial meme objecting to the north carolina transgender bathroom law. mike ditka was fired from espn for showing support for president trump. crazy!espn s public relations tweeted a statement
"leftist agitators showed up tonight at the opening of the little caesars arena in detroit where detroit legend kid rock was scheduled to open the new home of the detroit red wings and detroit pistons. the protesters who are likely being organized by the democrat party and george soros are hilariously protesting kid rock for speaking out against the unemployed nfl quarterback colin kaepernick for kneeling during our national anthem. some of them are using the excuse that he used a confederate flag as a backdrop to his concerts years ago to protest rock
000 emails? what happened to seth rich?”"
"organized protesters took to the streets outside of the brand new little caesars arena in detroit to protest kid rock s concert tonight
"the double standard in our judicial system today
 just humiliated michael moore in front of millions on social media…and it was spectacular!"
"here is a portion of the interview that was conducted by a group of journalists and pope frances today:vatican insider    i leaned out to greet the children and didn t see the glass
"sources tell utahpolicy.com that former massachusetts gov. mitt romney is preparing to run for senate in 2018 if sen. orrin hatch decides to retire.sources close to romney say the two-time presidential candidate will jump into the 2018 utah senate scrum if hatch opts not to.so far
 his 19-yr old son’s death is “karma”…what he “deserved” in response to his request for prayers"
"antifa threw fireworks at police during the patriot prayer rally at waterfront park in portland
"wfb- the former democratic presidential candidate appeared on  the late show with stephen colbert
 after she was sure she’d beat donald trump"
"no time to waste   we've got to fight with everything we've got to #defenddaca. thanks
 he’d be “licking my a** to get me to do one of his stupid-ass screenplays”"
"the heartwarming story below will reassure you that we can all come together to help each other no matter what.abc news reports:like many floridians racing to buy food and supplies before the arrival of hurricane irma
"they re president trump s #1 fans and they ve been with him from the start of his campaign. the wildly popular
"texas civil rights lawyer rob ranco is a partner at the carlson law firm at the round rock
 he changes his mind"
"trump knows the art of the deal like no one else! he d had enough of do-nothing paul ryan so he went around him and made a better deal with democrats that actually helps the hurricane victims. the three month deal was much better than the commitment of 18 months that speaker ryan had proposed: president trump shocked and angered republicans on wednesday by agreeing with democrats on a bill to suspend the debt ceiling for three months
"wilbur ross spoke with wapo about  true  tax reform he did a great job explaining his position on simplifying and cutting taxes. he said the w2 should be a  one pager . he believes it takes entirely too long for the average employee to do taxes we say amen to that!if congress doesn t get in the way
"the information below is almost like a satire piece from the onion. it s so funny that anyone could claim that ads are believed to have swayed the election.how about the fact that clinton was a horrible candidate? how about the fact that the american people are 100% fed up! with phony career politicians. the  report  from facebook was turned over to special counsel robert mueller. what a joke! this proves absolutely nothing!a whopping $100
500 votes were illegally cast on election day 2016"
"president trump s secretary of education
"remember when illegal aliens
"two days ago
 i totally would!”"
"washington post: is this the woman that michelle obama sees when she looks in the mirror now
"immediately following the election
"wfb  north korea for the first time this week revealed plans for using its nuclear arms for space-based electronics-disrupting emp attacks
"here are a few facts explaining who the daca recipients really are.  the national undacamented research project was compiled by harvard university researcher roberto g. gonzales and published by the center for immigration studies (cis):in april 2016
000 more votes than voters in 2016 election"
"there s a lot going on in the hillary clinton/donald trump/russia investigation that all the highfalutin  newspapers that cover politics are still trying to ignore.well
"last week
"detroit s own kid rock will open the all-new little caesars arena on tuesday
"president trump keeps another promise. the winning streak for americans continues the department of homeland security will stop processing any new applications for deferred action for childhood arrival (daca) program. i am here today to announce that the program known as daca that was effectuated under the obama administration is being rescinded
"wow! what a nice family a man s parents flew out to florida from their native india to help their son beat his wife for being disobedient
"contrary to what the media would like us to believe
"ashleigh shackelford is what passes for a serious democrat these days. she s a black lives matter activist who has some serious issues with hate. this is not a joke but a serious effort to try to tell white women hateful lies about their own race in the name of diversity. the women just sit there! unreal!anthony brian logan (video below) gives his take on this  diversity training :ashleigh shackelford
"this unhinged high school teacher was caught telling students to turn their trump t-shirts inside out
 bye! [video]"
"while all eyes are on north korea and melania s stilettos rt  competition for superiority in artificial intelligence at national level will  most likely  cause world war three
"antifa is a violent
"a berkeley law that makes public displays of the female breast illegal could be abolished this month if a city councilman gets his way.on september 12
"with the list of hollywood actors and entertainers that americans have decided to boycott over their sickening public hate for our president
"david beckham s son posed with a gun in a modeling photo shoot. no big deal
"public uproar was at an all-time high at a north carolina school board meeting (see video below) over far-left  equity training  (see more below on equity training) for government-school teachers. allegations were made by furious parents that a teacher forced white and christian students to stand up in class and apologize for their  privilege. is this happening in your child s school?  equity training  is a new thing (see below). this happened in may and the teacher was finally fired. with school starting this fall
"comedian blasts nyc mayor bill de blasio for considering removing a famed statue of christopher columbus and rails against political correctness gone wildwe love joe piscopo! our last funny video from him:joe piscopo is hysterical! he was on with neil cavuto and broke out with imitations of waters
"here s an excerpt from the advocate
"here s a 1999 video of jesse jackson praising donald trump for his contribution to the black community
"looters in texas are boldly walking into businesses affected by the flooding and literally stealing everything off the shelves. it s hard to fathom that the first thoughts of so many people who have lost everything are to steal as much as they can from others who have also lost everything. last week
"with all of the attention on melania and the grace
"cnn has more than enough representation from the radical side of the democrat aisle this host is yet another who speaks in terms of race and divisiveness..@wkamaubell: ""bye nazis!"" @kqednews pic.twitter.com/mw2vjxzfrn  bert johnson (@bertjohnsonfoto) august 27
"black lives matter
"the popular evangelical preacher and inspirational speaker may have permanently damaged his brand with what many consider a very lame answer to the question about why his church locked out the neediest people in his community
 ‘jesus’ or ‘devil’ in class [video]"
"a fashion editor for vogue (see video below) has been brutalized on social media for her commentary about melania trump s choice of shoes for her visit to texas during tropical storm harvey.just a sampling of the twitter feed criticizing this woman: here s a sampling of vogue editor
"a former it aide suspected of stealing equipment and data from congress still has an active
"two nyc-based artists secretly slipped some items inside the merchandising outpost of the trump tower s lower lobby. among them: a trump-emblazoned kkk hood  for fine people
"what a shame.ny daily news went on to criticize president trump for treating his visit like a campaign stop and for praising the excellent job governor abbott has done thus far. they also criticized him for acknowledging his fema director william (brock) long
"gayle king was the first to ask sanders if it was a good idea for trump to visit. sanders said  i don t know  as he fumbled over his words. well
"a clueless cnn reporter trying to interview a cold and hungry woman with her children is oblivious to the fact that this woman and her kids need help stat!unreal!  what the f*ck cnn! we couldn t agree more! this is epic and will probably be pulled so watch while you can!""what the f**k
"cnn s allison camerota started out her interview with democrat rep. sheila jackson lee telling her that it was being pointed out that
"rebel media: attacking someone for their politics could be expected from private citizens acting out against each other
"what will he think of next? is kim jong-un is preparing his special forces for suicide parachute missions across the border on 70-year-old stalin era biplanes?footage has emerged of north korean paratroops jumping from the aged aircraft from very low levels in a show of force.the aircraft
 while popular pastor joel osteen gets slammed for keeping megachurch doors shut to flood victims"
"hillary clinton will be back in the spotlight this fall for an unprecedented
"a white five-year-old girl told her mother christmas and easter are  stupid  and european women are alcoholics after being fostered to two muslim families
"wow! this is one of the most powerful speeches you will ever watch. a hispanic american
"here is an excerpt from their coverage of todd s interview:after decades of relative obscurity
"americans watched in horror as live chopper video showed a massive group of antifa thugs chasing down a lone trump supporter like a pack of hungry wolves. once they finally caught the trump supporter
"the obamas recently moved their oldest daughter
 democrats and antifa force conservative prayer group to cancel event because “a lot of innocent people were going to get hurt”"
000 prisoners obama pardoned including crack dealer who committed horrific crime against 3 innocent americans"
"all we can say on this one is it s about time someone sued the southern poverty law center!on tuesday
"a kind woman brought fox news reporter casey stegall a beer on friday as he was reporting live in the midst of hurricane harvey. with rain and wind pouring down
"attorney dario navarro was one of several leftists who were all of a sudden concerned about the  constitutionality  of president trump s actions.if trump issued pardon with specific intent to obstruct justice
"former democratic national committee chairman howard dean hinted that president donald trump would not make it through his first term friday on msnbc s  morning joe. discussing sen. jeff flake s (r.
"why is the media not asking why democrats are so hell-bent on vandalizing
"undercutting president trump s agenda is what mcconnell and ryan do best. it was most obvious during the obamacare effort to repeal and replace. it s maddening to us but can you imagine how president trump feels?he tweeted out his frustration last week and we can t blame him:the latest effort to block the maga agenda is happening because of ryan and mcconnell again!the daily caller reports below:president donald trump is angry with republican leaders because of a proposal floating around capitol hill that undercuts his legislative agenda and provides major concessions to democrats
"the democrats went down the path of identity politics long ago but it s only gotten worse in the past 8 years of obama. he was a mater at dividing groups and pitting americans against each other according to race
"rebel pundit decided to follow a local activist to see what the southside chicago residents think about moving a statue of george washington surprisingly
"not only is detroit lions quarterback matthew stafford s wife drop-dead gorgeous
"republican rep. steve king: the base is going to behind president trump's decision to pardon joe arpaio   cnn (@cnn) august 26
"update: white house official says
"can you believe a first grader was  investigated  for whether she intentionally  misgendered   a fellow student who decided to identify from a boy to a girl? this is just too much for a young child to process. you really won t believe what this little girl went through. what would you do as a parent of a child who was punished because of  misgendering ?apparently
"you just can t make this stuff up the leftist rag
"has anyone seen barack obama lately? what about valerie jarrett
"when will americans stop being afraid of standing up to leftist agitators and tell them
"you can t be black and support president trump. the intolerant left simply won t allow it boxing legend george foreman has had about enough of the disrespect of the united states he s seeing in some professional athletes
"one woman s awful experience at the airport could soon be what we all go through to travel by air. this is the day of terrorism where islamists will do pretty much anything to hide explosives or a weapon so we now have to endure a very  intimate  examination in order to keep us all safe when flying. the new procedure was put in place a month ago-please see the specifics below.do you have a story to tell? we d like to hear it. here s jenna s story below:jenna macfarlane was on the way to visit a friend in baltimore in april when her carry-on bag triggered an alarm at charlotte s airport.a transportation security administration screener told macfarlane she would have to undergo a full-body pat-down by a female officer. late for her flight and with no option other than to be searched in private
"former director of national intelligence james clapper was way out of line and way too political last night when he showed his cards bigtime on president trump. he followed the latest leftist line that trump  isn t fit to serve yes
" dirty jobs  host mike rowe went off on a guy who claimed rowe is a  white nationalist . the usual happy-go-lucky rowe was clearly ticked when he wrote back to chuck adkins.chuck adkins asked rowe:  one of the tenants of white nationalism is that college educated people are academic elitists. comment? no? i m not surprised. you never take a political stand because you don t want to alienate anybody. its bad for business. i get it. but there is a current of anti intellectualism in this country   promoted by republicans. those people love you
"the media is in an all out frenzy today
"the timing couldn t have been better. just as gary tuckman
"unhinged democrat protesters converged on the phoenix rally to disrupt and create chaos during and after president trump s speech. there were several instances of police officers being attacked. this is why the video below has gone viral. watch how the protester kicks the tear gas away then receives a rubber bullet to the groin. nice shot!phoenix trump protester ignores police orders
"president trump spoke to a huge and enthusiastic crowd tonight in phoenix
"president trump in phoenix speaking to his supporters maga! live stream below:this is where president trump is best! he s 100% right on what he s done so far for the american people all of the american people!we believe president trump will bring up afghanistan and the increase in troups. he said it s about defeating terrorism: just a reminder that president trump said he would  knock the h*ll out of isis  in the video below. we believe his move in afghanistan is helping that cause .here he is at the rolling thunder rally enjoy!donald trump addressed thousands of motorcyclists
 hungry women and children” on their way to europe…while 6.6 million more are waiting to cross"
"the usual suspects are going to show up tonight for president trump s rally in phoenix
"silly parents you don t get to decide if
000 order"
"bikers for trump announced their support for pro-trump attendees at tonight s phoenix rally for trump. this just got more interesting because the bikers will not put up with the antifa violence. check out the announcement below:the statement released by bikers for trump s steven emery:this group of brave patriots deserves our support! please check out the go fund me for bikers for trump.don t forget that violence against trump supporters has been over-the-top since last year. how could we forget the chicago
"the pieces are in place ahead of president donald trump s rally in downtown phoenix on tuesday
"why did the democrat va governor throw gasoline on the fire after violent protests broke out in charlottesville? why did the radical democrat governor of virginia lie about weapons being stashed around the city of charlottesville prior to the march? was he just doing his part as a prominent member of the democrat party to help create more racial division in america? why did he lie about virginia police officers being underprepared for the violence and chaos that took place
"chelsea clinton thought she was quite clever when she cited the  story of lucifer  to support her argument for removing confederate statues. what is it about the clinton s citing anything to do with faith to support their argument that makes everyone cringe?the story of lucifer-who rebelled against god-is part of many christians' traditions. i've never been in a church with a lucifer statue.  chelsea clinton (@chelseaclinton) august 18
 after usa today attempts to make readers believe president trump is draining secret service funds dry"
"the left is officially isis isis terrorists have destroyed ancient sites that have been preserved for hundreds and hundred of years. well
 former girlfriend of two years…”i would never date a racist”"
"if you don t have the proper glasses to watch the historic solar eclipse today
 makes tearful apology"
"jefferson county judge joseph j. bruzzese jr. should be counting his blessings today because he was saved by an armed parol officer. he should also be thankful that he was armed and able to return fire when he was ambushed on his way into work by two waiting gunmen.breaking: a black male is taken into custody after an apparent shooting   we just got on scene   working to learn more @wtov9 pic.twitter.com/hfs5azzhvw  lauren healy (@laurenwtov9) august 21
 race-obsessed colin kaepernick will be added to smithsonian black history museum
"oklahoma state rep. john bennett made a comment on facebook that was has since been removed after local muslims didn t see any moral equivalency between removing mosques after 9/11 and removing confederate statues. everyone freaked out about his comment even the governor of oklahoma. we d like to know what you think see below for more info on this patriot!oklahoma city   a facebook post by an oklahoma lawmaker is receiving a lot of attention after the post suggested removing mosques from america.the post by rep. john bennett suggests that if confederate monuments are being removed because of the civil war
"we ve seen an escalation in violence against police officers this past week that is really disturbing. mob rule has taken over in some cities with leaders who are more concerned with the vile and violent protesters than the cops who are protecting their right to be protest.a black boston cop is taunted by a young black woman:  you stupid a** black bitch. you re suppose to be on our side . #bostonfreespeechrally pic.twitter.com/nmxptkay93  based monitored   (@basedmonitored) august 20
 jihad and the quran"
"thousands of starbucks customers cut up their gold cards and boycotted their favorite coffee spot after starbucks ceo howard schultz stuck his foot in his mouth
"this is rich! the guy who opened our borders to criminals during the obama era is now telling us that statues are a homeland security threat?  former obama administration official jeh johnson said on this week with martha raditz that the removal of confederate statues was a matter of  public safety and homeland security  on sunday oh brother!a single protest against the removal of a statue of robert e. lee turned violent last week. charlottesville
000 in fed funds on booze
"the washington post reported: the patriarchs of this quiet island of millionaires threw up roadblocks when donald trump swooped in and turned its historic oceanfront mar-a-lago mansion into a private club.the town council
"this copy of the antifa manual
"president trump was right again! he said mob rule of removing statues is a slippery slope. where does it end? a great example of the problem is the latest statue to be vandalized:on top of people calling for the removal of george washington s statue and the jefferson memorial
"hate is what antifa does so well does the left really want to associate with these violent anarchists?leftist protestors follow boston police officers yelling cruel and vile language at them. this is sick. pic.twitter.com/lqlb7uj2hu  the rouser (@rousernews) august 19
 suspended eric bolling
"***warning***this video is very disturbing!try to imagine this brave man who voluntarily enlisted in our us military
 john mccain
 drag female senior citizen holding us flag at pro-free speech rally in boston…successfully shut down rally"
"the news that the forecast for the third quarter gdp is set to  expand  to 4.0 will be bad news for the democrats who are trying to take down president trump. it will be ignored by the mainstream media who are focused on statues and protests.this should be great news for trump s economic team of brilliant and successful businessmen but even greater news for all americans!  maga!reuters reported:  the u.s. economy is on track to expand at a 4.0 percent annualized pace in the third quarter with inventory investment contributing 1.12 percentage points to growth
"joel pollack has been with breitbart news through the years of obama and beyond so he knows this is a war. it s so much more that statues he gets it and it s great to know steve bannon will be back in the trenches with pollack.interesting @msnbc segment with @alivelshi and @joelpollak   ben jacobs (@bencjacobs) august 18
"the democrats and their allies in the media have spent most of this entire week condemning president trump for blaming both sides for the violent confrontations in charlottesville
"if you want to try to dispute dinesh d souza s arguments
"ted nugent hits the nail on the head ted nugent and david crosby are in the midst of a social-media spat over nugent s claim that  political correctness  is keeping him out of the rock and roll hall of fame. crosby has dismissed the motor city madman s work as not good enough
"the program is dead! operation choke point is no longer a huge nuisance to gun dealers. republican leaders like bob goodlatte made it clear to the trump administration s doj that they wanted this program to end asap.eric holder launched the program when he was attorney general. the program was a thorn in the side of gun dealers because it hurt a gun dealer s ability to receive financial services from banks.one statement from the doj stands out:  law abiding businesses should not be targeted simply for operating in an industry that a particular administration might disfavor. huh? shouldn t it go without saying that the doj shouldn t target certain businesses??? what in the world!gop lawmakers wrote:  operation choke point was an obama administration initiative that destroyed legitimate businesses to which that administration was ideologically opposed (e.g.
"former white house chief strategist stephen k. bannon left the white house today and has already returned as executive chairman of breitbart news
”have you ever cheated on your spouse?” [video]"
 steve bannon is gone!…ann coulter: not good news
"here we go yet another statue of a military hero is reportedly under fire. this figure astride a horse was vandalized with the spray-painted words  tear it down .who was this historical figure? general lee? stonewall jackson? nathan bedford forrest?no
"an unidentified black trump supporter blasted the cudahy city
"the media is trying their best to control what you see and how you see it when it comes to the alt-left. we re here to tell you the truth about the violence and who is instigating it. antifa and black lives matter have been instrumental from the days of trump s campaign up until now. the video below is a great compilation of who the real aggressors are the truth
 wanting a fight”"
"earlier today
"the u.s. secret service is investigating a facebook post from missouri state sen. maria chappelle-nadal
"will the mainstream media report about this?contradicting statements by virginia gov. terry mcauliffe
 mainstream media to twist meaning of president trump’s words"
"really andrew? does all of new york really stand against racism? isn t  al sharpton
"mainstream news channels rarely draw attention to the negative side of abortion
"in a city whose former mayor stephanie rawlings-blake
"the purge continues the nyc mayor has just opened a can of worms so big that it ll be hard to control it. he wants to review  all symbols of hate  on city property then leave it to his panel of  experts  to decide what stays and what goes. this should be interesting. isn t this subjective? someone might think one thing is a symbol of hate but not another. where does this purging end?mayor de blasio said late wednesday that the city will conduct a 90-day review of  all symbols of hate on city property  in the wake of violence sparked by white supremacist groups in charlottesville
"this happened in 2015 but is still relevant today: a group of protesters decided to go digging to destroy a confederate general s grave. no kidding! does anyone out there think this will do anything productive? it s horrible to desecrate someone s grave so these people are doing what they preach against this is hateful! let it be!the campaigners claim it has taken officials in memphis
" in our iconoclastic efforts to erase the past
"backfire alert! while the left tries to identify the marchers from the charlottesville riot
"so much for trying to come together like the left always says they think we should do it was a brave gesture but not a smart one for caleb slater to try and attend a black lives matter vigil for the young woman who was killed at the riot on saturday in charlottesville .the president of a college republicans chapter said he was attacked and choked by hard-left activists as he attended a vigil for the woman killed saturday at the charlottesville unite the right demonstration.ithaca college student caleb slater wrote in a statement that masked members of antifa assaulted him at a syracuse event held on sunday in memory of heather heyer
"how in the world did this racist thug get elected? he s disgusting! he kept calling potus  45  then chris cuomo asked why he was doing that his answer is idiotic and disrespectful:  that s just what i call him. i believe that when he begins to act as if he deserves to be in that office
"you have to give it to president trump who went after the fake news media in a big way today. he challenged them to answer if it s ok to take down statues of george washington where does this end?.@potus: george washington was a slave owner are we going to take down statues of george washington? pic.twitter.com/npnnqlqbiv  fox news (@foxnews) august 15
"president donald trump ripped the media today and it was great to see. he said he didn t want to comment on the events over the weekend in charlottesville
"the muslim activist group cair is really stepping over the line with their latest effort to change america. they ve made a  template (see below)for how we can ditch our history i kid you not! all we can say is h*ll no! they ve steamrolled over so many local governments that this shouldn t surprise anyone. cair is linked to terrorists and is doing their best to infiltrate all that is america to change it. removing confederate statues is just cair trying to score political points with the left. how dare they demand anything of us this terrorist group should be named and shamed.the daily caller reported:nihad awad
"the politicians are using our monuments to history as bargaining chips to gain votes. it s sickening to see the back and forth with the cowardly bunch of lily livered sellouts who would rather win their seat than fight for what the people want. yes
"shine a light on these violent groups!thank you to ag jeff sessions for digging into who s behind the antifa and other anti-trump groups!the trump department of justice has requested information on users from anti-trump website disruptj20.the department of justice has requested information on visitors to a website used to organize protests against president trump
"a snowflake came undone when she had to obey police orders to move along this unhinged liberal went bonkers! it was like watching a 2-year old throw a temper tantrum when they don t get their way. all we can say is welcome to the real world!hmm she was doing what she was told to do. the  conditioning  is disgusting good job nypd protecting trump tower! pic.twitter.com/hgkevh6x8d   patriot 24/7  (@trumptrain45pac) august 15
 the guillotines? [video]"
 president trump”…mother of charlottesville victim releases statement while the left plans escalation of violence [video]"
"cnn s jim acosta keeps trolling president trump and keeps making a total fool of himself! the latest moment was after signing a trade bill when acosta asked why the president didn t hold a press conference trump s response is priceless!president trump to @acosta:  i like real news. not fake news. you re fake news.   pic.twitter.com/sq3ir8irdx  cspan (@cspan) august 14
 white supremacists
" baked alaska  is a former liberal who wrote for the ultra-liberal buzzfeed publication.  he s now a conservative activist and trump supporter who regularly attends pro-trump and free-speech rallies to document the violence from the left
"fox news reporter doug mckelway was doing on-the-scene coverage of the protests in charlottesville when he relayed a comment from one of the police officers who said:  we re leaving. it s too dangerous.  as the truth comes out
"george soros is trying his best to destroy america! he is ramping up his efforts now! james woods said it best when he tweeted that soros would be happy with what happened in charlottesville: attorney general jeff sessions released a statement that there would be an investigation into what happened in charlottesville. we re hoping sessions digs deep! if ag jeff sessions doesn t dig deep asap to uncover soros  involvement in antifa and blm
 democrat senator robert byrd"
 injuring 35 others? [video]"
"oakland raiders running back marshawn lynch sat during the national anthem over the weekend
"pro-trump supporters have known the truth for a long time that conservatives are being attacked. do you have any idea of the number of attacks? you might be shocked to see the list created by the daily caller.we feel like it s even more important to know who s behind the effort to attack and silence conservatives in america. there are groups like moveon.org and black lives matter that have been instigating violence in a big way. antifa is the worst with their tactics of extreme violence and destruction.just as destructive as the violence is the left s effort to hijack the narrative anytime something happens between both sides. it s an alinsky tactic that the left has been using long before president trump came on the scene. the only difference now is that they re on overdrive with the attacks on trump! it s downright scary!take the the huffington post s recent article calling for the execution of trump and  everyone assisting his agenda. if you ve noticed a hijacking of the narrative on just about everything to do with president trump then look no further than the attack on his comments yesterday. trump s words were twisted
"the organizer of the yesterday s unite the right rally was just mobbed as he tried to give a press conference trying to tell the truth of what happened in charlottesville yesterday.  his side of the story was never told mob rule exists right now the left doesn t want the truth to come out jason kessler rushed away from press conference and eventually brought to police station when his car wasn t reachable pic.twitter.com/jdg1oq9hxk  brook silva-braga (@brook) august 13
" idiots! that s the first comment at yale alumni magazine on twitter under the proud announcement of the removal of a musket from a stone carving we couldn t agree more with the commenter idiots for sure!check out the comments there s hope! yale alumni magazine provided a blurb entitled  disarmament  to explain why they felt it necessary to remove/hide/disfigure a stone carving of a puritan pointing a musket at a native american:  was not appropriate yale alumni magazine:if you were especially observant during your years on campus
"alert! alinsky tactics at work here! remember  pick a target? well
"equinox los angeles
"a voice of reason speaks out! mike huckabee told fox news host judge jeanine pirro that he has a  special repulsion  for white supremacists and that trump did the right thing in his statements about charlottesville. it s part because i m white
"a defector from north korea is cautioning against underestimating kim jong un when it comes to nuclear weapons   and he says president donald trump may be key to stopping him.song byeok escaped from the north in 2002 and currently resides in south korea. in a new interview
"a tweet caught my eye after exploring all of the hate and violence posted from charlottesville. did you dig deeper and do you know: who paid for helmets
 after car plows through protesters…1 dead…19 injured…”we are all americans first”"
"katie couric took to twitter to call out charlottesville
 some injuries are reportedly life threatening [video]"
 ice over arrests of illegal alien teen gangs: “that was play-fighting”"
000 fine for punishing praying muslim employees"
"this guy opened his mouth and proved us all right. he s a total jerk who hates america.this guy is a typical limousine liberal who s so hateful it s beyond belief. he s on facebook ranting about how much he hates america and americans: jim fergie chambers a trust fund america hater:in the east atlanta village neighborhood
"remember fusion gps (please see our previous report on this below)? they are the opposition research firm behind the trump  golden showers  dossier that attempted to embarrass the president with untrue stories of sexual escapades. well
"the publication that just can t seem to get over hillary s loss to president trump has sunk to a new low. and yes
"a united methodist minister
"wow! open threats that government will  kill  the president had to be clarified by jake tapper. but please listen to this unhinged commentator on cnn and tell us the  deep state  doesn t exist:i found the actual for video  you guys decide if this is okay or not. change agents=threats. words like this on national tv is not right. pic.twitter.com/dqkksw47ef  bobby axelrod   (@sirbobbyaxelrod) august 10
 “i’m done!” after facebook banned him for video he posted 18 months ago
"lynnette hardway and rochelle richardson of north carolina
"it is now a year since the democratic national committee s mail system was compromised a year since events in the spring and early summer of 2016 were identified as remote hacks and
"this is priceless! president trump just gave the best response ever to a reporter s question! he said he wanted to thank russian president vladimir putin for reducing his payroll by firing u.s. embassy staff in moscow. hysterical and so quick! watch how trump doesn t skip a beat with his response:after sanctions on russia were put in place in july
"it s so funny that a lefty effort to harm president trump has totally backfired again! for starters
"oklahoma city   the oklahoma supreme court ruled the cigarette tax passed late in the legislative session unconstitutional thursday morning.the tax was expected to bring in more than $200 million of revenue for the state budget by tacking on an extra $1.50 per pack of cigarettes. the budget was planned and passed assuming the tax would hold.the tax was originally passed after the deadline for revenue raising bills
"great news! southern methodist university in texas has reversed its decision to relocate an annual 9/11 memorial display made up of nearly 3
 tells viewers hawaii’s been preparing for nuclear strike since trump took office…cnn’s best survival tip: “find a cave”"
"great news! a federal judge just ordered the state department to make another attempt at locating hillary clinton s missing emails about the 2012 benghazi terrorist attack. the interesting thing is that the judge is an obama appointee who ruled with judicial watch. didn t do enough .u.s. district court judge amit mehta ruled tuesday that the state department did not do enough to  track down messages clinton may have sent about the assault on the u.s. diplomatic compound on sept. 11
"msnbc s brian williams spoke the truth on tuesday night when he said that it is the media s job to  scare people to death  over north korea. wow! these are the first true words this serial liar has spoken in years!williams commented that he thought secretary of state rex tillerson s tone was different from president trump s north korea stance.andrea mitchell couldn t wait to jump in and criticize trump:  there s pressure. this could have been a signal to beijing as well;  listen up
"bolling tweeted a couple of messages
"president trump put north korea s brutal dictator on notice yesterday
"bill clinton was falsely confident in his plan to end north korea s nuclear threat with diplomacy. over 20 years later
"immediately following president trump s inauguration
"we d love to know your thoughts on this! we think it s sort of unreal that this company was forced via social media to drop the name and change it from  refugee dress  to  oxford dress does anyone see the irony in this name change?we also want to weigh in on just how unattractive this dress is and how it just looks like a sheet. your thoughts?a controversial  refugee dress  was still being sold tuesday on the website of clothing retailer uzinyc
"speaking at a rotary club gathering in kentucky on monday
"what a treat! laura ingraham interviewed president trump senior policy adviser stephen miller tonight:miller has been spot on from the beginning of his tenure as senior adviser to trump he often  warmed up  the trump rally crowds with incredibly uplifting speeches. he also gave a great speech about why not to vote for hillary:trump spokesperson stephen miller just hammers hillary clinton! you will love every minute of this!the guy is so dialed in on immigration and what needs to be done to reform it. one million people come into the u.s. yearly! 300k in the 70 s
"this is a must watch and share!if anyone s wondering why the media won t give up their obsession (fantasy) that somehow president trump colluded with russia to win the election
 after he alleged trump campaign collusion with russians"
"roseville
"a university of georgia professor has adopted a  stress reduction policy  that will allow students to select their own grades if they  feel unduly stressed  by the ones they earned.according to online course syllabi for two of dr. richard watson s fall business courses
 president trump quietly accomplished something so awesome
"close your eyes and picture speaker of the house paul ryan (r-wi) telling a white radio host that he wouldn t rule out an  all-white  party. now picture his political career and his personal life being destroyed. will the same thing happen to maxine waters
"we love this guy! factory worker keith ketzler: for eight horrible years i heard
 after former dem w. va governor switched parties at trump rally last week"
"but..b but it isn t fair to ask for voter id says the party that dominates the states that refuse to cooperate with trump s election commission. the more corruption that s exposed through post-election voting investigations
"the slippery slope continues college park is just the latest city in maryland to propose that illegals be given the right to vote in local elections. if you re not outraged by this
"here we go again another student art contest that brings with it a controversial painting. remember the  cops as pigs  painting that caused a stir in the capitol? this painting is taking the iconic symbol of the statue of liberty and making it a religious symbol of islam with the hijab. congressman correa needs to take this painting down!a student painting that depicts the statue of liberty wearing a muslim hijab
"of course
 p*ssy-hat wearing
 “this week” host george stephanopoulos’ question about trump’s plans to run in 2020"
"supporters of the rule of law crashed a pro-illegal rally on august 4
"many on the left and in the liberal media are hoping president trump will butt heads with his new chief of staff
"newsweek magazine has gone completely overboard with their latest cover picture and title! they ve done a hit piece on president trump that is so disgusting and offensive that trump supporters on social media are hitting back.newsweek posted the cover of president trump on facebook with this caption:the top comments in response to this post are outraged pro-trump followers:kim daskam let newsweek have it!our favorite comment:marian marek: he s so damn lazy that 1.the dow hit a record high of 22
"climate grifter al gore is confronted about global warming and sea levels in this classic video where he just can t explain himself.  one of the challenges is taking what the scientists say and believing    al goreour latest on al gore: nasa s new climate data exposes al gore s lies: the timing of his new movie couldn t be more inconveniental gore has become very wealthy from his invention of global warming and the creation of an inconvenient truth
"b b but baron trump wore a t-shirt that said  the expert! with classes at harvard starting in just a few short weeks
"right before eighth grade
"the atlantic
"more bad news for lyin  loretta or lyin  lizzie
 gains against isis have “dramatically accelerated”"
"half of the eight mayoral hopefuls on detroit s primary ballot next week have been convicted of felony crimes involving drugs
"a new email dump from the fbi via a foia request by the aclj reveals what appears to be collusion between the media and the doj to squash the story about the 2016 meeting between loretta lynch and bill clinton on the tarmac in phoenix
"remember when chelsea clinton faced the same scrutiny as the trump children by the media? remember when the media scrutinized her involvement in the crooked clinton foundation
"attorney general jeff sessions announced today that the doj is taking steps to reduce the amount of leaking from the white house:sessions said during his friday press briefing that everyone in government  can do better  and must practice more discipline when it comes to the leaking of classified information. simply put
"every american should read and share this brilliant article.so
"west virginia governor jim justice gave trump fans a yuge surprise when he attended trump s massive rally and announced he was leaving the democrat party and would be moving over to join the republican s the party that just can t stop winning.governor justice to crowd: we hurt a lot of people. we walked away from the old. i came to only get something done. let me just say this to you as bluntly as i can say it. the democrats walked away from me. today i will tell you with lots of prayers and lots and thinking. today i have to tell you i can t help you any more being a democrat governor. so tomorrow i will be changing my registration to republican!the governor was a little late to the party
"security camera footage captured mary
"have you ever heard of the  bamboo ceiling ? the term was used when referring to the harvard quotas against asian students. did you know that asian students are harmed by racial quotas in college admissions like no other group? affirmative action was supposed to help promote equality in college admissions but is having the opposite effect by discriminating against asian students in a big way! it s why one large asian group has come out in favor of trump s doj in their effort to stop discrimination against asian students and others in the current  race-based college admissions policies .one asian-american legal group is pleased with the announcement that the department of justice might examine affirmative action
000 illegal alien apprehensions"
"ap published an article today that attempts to discredit the very popular fox news cable network over their coverage of the seth rich murder. instead of questioning fox news  coverage of the seth rich murder case
"we wish president trump could clone senior advisor stephen miller! he s so brilliant and knows immigration like no other! we can t say the same for the white house press corp! the trump administration made some positive announcements on immigration and the left went nuts! miller got the best of them!stephen miller has been with president trump from the earlier days of the 2016 campaign. he would give incredible speeches to the rally audience. he s so well versed on immigration and american history that he could take on anyone and win in a debate! we love the guy! he s a patriot!fyi: the statue of liberty had nothing
"yesterday
"what the heck is going on? why is the media
"we reported last week on the wisconsin company that is the first in the us to have a microchip program. please see our previous report after the update below.three square market has received international attention since it announced the voluntary microchip program
"the trump administration is preparing to redirect resources of the justice department s civil rights division toward investigating and suing universities over affirmative action admissions policies deemed to discriminate against white applicants
"liberal heads explode in 5 4 3 2 1president trump could win the white house again in 2020   which likely would send hostile political operatives and the disapproving news media into an epic meltdown. news flash: get ready. mr. trump will likely win re-election
"in a state plagued by a  foster care crisis 
 leftist author of harry potter books apologizes for making up
"green party presidential candidate jill stein appeared on msnbc to discuss the north korean crisis. did anyone really expect her to have anything of value to say on the subject
"b b but the russians! how can the media be bothered with one of the most incredible and very real stories of espionage that includes a major threat to our national security when they ve got a fake russian-trump connection to prove on february 10
"cnn host fareed zakaria explained how he thought president donald trump rose to power: the election of donald trump is really a kind of class rebellion against people like us
 adam schiff
"firebrand conservative ann coulter exposed delta airlines who gave away a seat she had to pay extra for in order to accommodate her very long legs.conservative columnist ann coulter flew into a fit of fury saturday after delta airlines booted her from her reserved  comfort+  seat   which comes with 3 additional inches of legroom   and gave it to another passenger.in a two-hour tweeting tantrum
"the initial run of megyn kelly s sunday newsmagazine show will reportedly be taken off the air at least two episodes earlier than scheduled because of her disastrous ratings. last week
"bernie sanders should know his socialized medicine but in an exchange on sunday he failed when he was pressed to explain why a single-payer health care system was rejected in vermont and california
"nj governor chris christie was being heckled during a baseball game at miller park. he lost it and got in the face of a chicago cubs fan and said  yeah
" minneapolis mayoral candidate raymond dehn proposes disarming cops in wake of damond shooting. only one year ago
"here s a question for the anti-trump media: if putin and trump have such a strong history of working together
"liz harrington
"animal activists harassed a fisherman in a big way until the cops were called! it all started when a young boy walked up to two men and complained about their treatment of fish. then the dad got into the act and eventually the entire family began chanting at the men. the activist eventually threw the fish back in the water. the video was posted on youtube with the proud activist s comments our favorite line of insanity:  you re harassing this fish! lol!unfortunately for them
"president reagan warned of the dangers of liberalism
"not a day goes by that we have another gaffe from nancy pelosi term limits please!.@nancypelosi screws up the oath of office while lecturing reporters about the seriousness of her job. pic.twitter.com/hlgcxsqk4m  josh caplan (@joshdcaplan) july 30
"a california farmer fined $2.8 million for plowing through vernal pools protected by the clean water act without a permit is appealing to the trump administration for help
" legal latino heat  filmed a tent city full of illegals (language alert!) that s right between two courthouses in santa ana
 while living in pakistan…didn’t tell authorities muslim wife left country while under criminal investigation"
"espn audience numbers have been tanking since they pivoted away from 100% sports reporting and filled more time with political discussions. here s the latest controversy that ll make those numbers go even lower: a controversial espn commentator jemele hill is drawing backlash for comparing police officers to the  slave patrols  that enforced discipline on pre-civil war plantations:jemele hill
"so what s worse
"in spite of senator john mccain s promise to his constituents only 9 months ago when he was running for reelection
"sarah huckabee sanders has taken control of the media and is no longer allowing them to push a false narrative when it comes to president trump and a non-existant russian connection.time and time again
"on thursday
"lt. col. tony shaffer opened a can of worms tonight when he said that the awan brothers sent sensitive intel to the muslim brotherhood as if this case couldn t get more bizarre! previous update on this bizarre case: dem rep. debbie wasserman-schultz pakistani it staffer imran awan was arrested at dulles airport while trying to flee the united states. get the back story from maria bartiromo:  how is it possible that 3 brothers are hired
"senator lindsey graham made a bold announcement the other day when he told his constituents in south carolina that if they were against amnesty for illegals and outsourcing
"the unaccomplished chelsea clinton
"hollywood stars took to social media wednesday to express outrage over president donald trump s announcement that transgender people will not be allowed to serve in the u.s. military
 senator mccain explains how to fix rancor in dc : “stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio
"more manufactured news that exposes the hate our leftist media has for republicans even for those who haven t been in office in years.the boston globe set heads scratching tuesday after the newspaper published a story on former republican presidential candidate mitt romney s whereabouts during the senate health care vote.the former massachusetts governor is now a private citizen removed from the debate to repeal and replace obamacare. but the globe wrote a story highlighting romney s daughter-in-law s instagram post showing he was jetskiing at the time. while the senate debated health care
"remember when the media used to think they controlled the narrative? that was before president trump
"william shatner is such a smarty pants on twitter. he gets his snarky point across with few words.shatner has been the subject of left-wing anger since he announced in may that he would not follow the lead of many in hollywood and attack president donald trump.shatner
 nothing but promise.’ [video]"
 anti-trumper with ties to reince priebus"
"a group of volunteer soldiers announced this week the first ever lgbt unit formed to kick isis butt.the queer insurrection and liberation army
"this isn t the first punch this group of black chicago residents have delivered to the failed democrat party. in 2015
000 boy scouts boo barack obama…go crazy…chant “we love trump” during president trump’s visit to national scout jamboree"
"where s george soros when his top  fact  checkers
000 in child support for kid who isn’t his…after dna test proves he’s not the father"
"ami horowitz is a thought provoking filmmaker who took a lot of heat for exposing the truth about the horrific
"nice threat to potus:  the intelligence community will continue to convey truth to power even if power doesn t necessarily listen.  this entire video is disturbing but eye opening. they feel threatened by trump and this is clearly an effort to hurt president trump. this coming from two men who ok d spying on americans and who lied under oath:how convenient that cnn s wolf blitzer is the host for this bashfest of the current administration under president trump. how ironic is it that two men who lied under oath are speaking  truth  to power fyi: john brennan literally voted for the communist party in the 1970s during the height of the cold war now they re lecturing us about russia.these two men define the deep state this talk was really all about creating doubt on trump and to defend themselves post obama. can you imagine if the tables were turned and this vitriol was directed at obama? shameful!all you have to do is listen to clapper lie before congress and you know he has zero credibility to speak:remember the famous moment when us national intelligence chief james clapper was testifying about the nsa surveillance of americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. of course
"if you worked for a company that offered the convenience of a microchip implanted in your hand
"so now if you enter a contest
 discussed how they could “stop donald trump”"
"jake tapper and the new white house communications director went at it this morning. anthony scaramucci had the line of the day: i ll bring cnn a box of kleenex when trump wins in 2020anthony scaramucci: if i said some things about him
 38 locked inside tractor-trailer outside walmart…no a/c…101 degrees [video]"
 forced to do the unimaginable"
"maxine got a makeover and is hopping mad about speculation she s running for potus in 2020. it can t help that tucker carlson is mocking her just about every night.waters was in a foul mood during an interview with her favorite news anchor joy reid. reid is a foot soldier for waters. these two get together every other day to bash trump. pitiful!the funny thing is that no one was criticizing waters. they were merely speculating if she is considering a presidential run
"it s thursday
this is spot on! ned ryun joined tucker carlson to discuss the latest leak regarding ag jeff sessions. do we even have evidence that the source is in fact telling the truth? wapo went ahead and reported it anyway. ryun s right when he discusses the deep state and mueller subverting the will of the american voter: is dangerous territory and is so harmful to our president and his agenda. tucker carlson had more to say on this:  what are these transactions? basically any commercial activity that trump or his family and associates conducted over the last decade that might pertain to russia or anyone who has ever lived in russia. let s be clear about the politics here. this is a massive threat to the white house. a determined prosecutor can prove almost anything he wants. a prosecutor with no time limit or budget or accountability to voters? there is nobody more dangerous than that. the investigation has been slammed by very reputable lawyers who happen to be democrats! this needs to end asap!
"the center for immigration studies is a great resource for all the facts on illegals and taxpayer dollars. patty and i were lucky enough to attend a two-day workshop with them in dc. the main fact that stuck with us is that the current immigration system is unsustainable they used facts and figures to lay out the truth for us and it was frightening! this is why it is even more frightening that the feds are still giving preferential treatment to illegals when it comes to snap.cis s david north gives us the low down:it s been six months since donald trump took office
"katie couric is a wolf in sheep s clothing. dan rather
"this guy is a joke! scott dworkin:  a paper trail leads directly back to mike pence pence knew michael flynn was a foreign agent  msnbc is actually ok with this lunatic spouting his bs? a paper trail leads directly back to mike pence pence knew michael flynn was a foreign agent  @funder on #amjoy   scott dworkin (@funder) july 15
"the hysterical terrence williams weighs in on the news that  poverty pimp  maxine waters might run for potus: .@maxinewaters for president 2020  oh no we don t elect poverty pimps   terrence williams (@w_terrence) july 21
"please note that this unhinged woman is a middle school teacher!after an eight-month investigation
"the mainstream media will never show you both sides of the story
"a uniformed police officer in virginia said he was refused service at a local mcdonald s because he was wearing a uniform
"we ve noticed a trend across america that s disturbing because the communities of muslims do not assimilate but want americans to bend to their every whim. we noticed in the last election that a non-english speaking forum was held in minneapolis for the 2016 election:ilhan omar now addressing the room. no english so far in candidate speeches
"senator john mccain just couldn t help himself. while millions of americans were praying for his recovery
"a woman who was born in nazi germany says that what reminds her of hitler more than anything else isn t donald trump
"australian senator larissa waters recently went viral after she made history by becoming the first woman to breastfeed in the country s parliament. but waters resigned today after it was revealed that she has dual citizenship in australia and canada
"judge andrew napolitano reacted to an interview president donald trump gave to the new york times about attorney general jeff sessions  decision to recuse himself earlier on in all matters pertaining to trump s 2016 presidential campaign:.@judgenap: jeff sessions should not have recused himself or accepted the nomination to be attorney general pic.twitter.com/3ekfgpqtm0  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) july 20
"dnc chair tom perez is a fear mongering racist who likes to stir up fake concerns for democrat voters. he s clearly afraid of the voter integrity policy of trump who wants to clean up voter lists. what s wrong with that? tom perez has a long history of fear mongering and racism judge jeanine ripped into the dem chair tom perez for his blistering speech (see video below) on how donald trump doesn t stand for  our values  and that we must  resist . she asks the questions perez should answer! judgejeanine:  don t stand for our values ? pray tell
"obama would have hurt himself doing this (see video below). the corning glass ceo visited the white house with other business leaders and had president trump test a specialty glass made by corning called valor glass. ceo wendell weeks had president trump press the lever on the old glass and then on the new corning s valor glass.the result was awesome! weeks told president trump:  my associate wanted me to inform you a thousand pounds is about the same as a punch from a professional boxer.  trump exerted 1
 gop senate hopeful shiva ayyadurai just got great news…fake indian elizabeth warren aligns herself with hillary clinton in new fundraising email"
"judicial watch has released documents obtained in response to a court order including emails that show a pay to play game going on between the clintons and donors: a number of emails show the free flow of information and requests for favors between clinton s state department and the clinton foundation. what s even more disturbing is the lack of concern for national security in the heavily redacted emails:the heavily redacted documents from abedin s non-government account include an email from hillary clinton s brother
 top legal scholar alan dershowitz because it defended innocence of president trump [video]"
"a health care executive cheated medicare out of $132 million and blew the money on a $7 million franklin mansion and courtside nba tickets
"less than one month before the 2016 presidential election
 unable to feel her legs after female somali immigrant attacks her for walking “unclean” dogs"
"comedian mark dice explores the influence so-called comedians have on their viewers when it comes to pushing their political views on fans. as part of his example
"republican congressman david brat wasn t sitting back and waiting for msnbc host craig melvin to attack him or republican president donald trump. much to the msnbc host s surprise
"wow! conservative ann coulter was in fact targeted by delta employees who wanted to make the popular republican uncomfortable. coulter tweeted out a screenshot of a back and forth that confirms the employees decided to mess with her because of her political affiliation:beware of @delta republicans. texts from a flight attendant: it was political. @delta still won t give a reason. pic.twitter.com/tcxp2dlpa0  ann coulter (@anncoulter) july 18
"the hate for the trump family by the defeated liberal press is visceral msnbc political analyst joan walsh
"somali immigrant and minnesota police officer mohamed noor shot and killed a 40 yr. old australian woman when they arrived at her home to respond to a call she made about a potential sexual assault near her home. officer noor has only been a police officer for 2 years
 newt gingrich rip obama’s national security advisor
"while many on the left continue to accuse president trump and his administration of colluding with the russians
"walmart was apologizing on monday after an appalling description of a product by a third-party vendor made its way onto the retail giant s website.the retailer was slammed early monday after the color of a netting weave cap   used as a protective layer between a person s hair and sewn-in hair extensions   on its site was described as the color  n  brown. twitter user kwani luni tweeted a message about the wig color on walmart s website
"she wanted him to assimilate. she gave him a good job. she trusted him and offered the chance to prove he was willing to be a good employee. he slit her throat. there was nothing special or unique about mohammad hussain rashwani
 on crooked hillary and barack obama"
"wow! talk about clueless! austen fletcher approaches anti-trump protesters and gets clueless answers on why they re against trump:thought you might enjoy this  @prisonplanet @allidoisowen @jackposobiec pic.twitter.com/kdym2wlfdb  austen fletcher (@fleccas) july 17
 slated to testify against clinton foundation corruption next week
"democrat alan dershowitz dismissed a major argument democrats have been making against donald trump jr.
"cnn is notorious for cutting the mic when they don t like what someone is saying on their network.rep. scott taylor was being interviewed by cnn host dana bash about the refugee ban when he began to say how the american people are overwhelmingly in support of the ban in the interest of their safety. he goes on to say that 30% of domestic terrorism is committed by refugees when his sound and picture is instantly cut out of the broadcast.bash is quick to blame the cut on  the tv gremlins .rep scott taylor's feed is cut off after he says 30% of refugees commit domestic terrorism selective journalism smh pic.twitter.com/klefdnawqq  eye on the sparrow (@2chron169) july 16
"kid rock has struck panic into the hearts of liberal politicians upon his announcement that he will be running for senate in michigan.kid rock
 as media still pushes lie that women hate trump"
"b b..but al gore and barack obama say scientists  were exposed for manipulating climate data during the 2011 climategate  scandal when 5
"there are some people you probably shouldn t cross. donald trump is one
"brigitte macron is 24 years older than her husband. she is 64-years old and is in great shape for a woman of her age. as a female
"a 24-year-old somali man
"democrat senator and fake indian elizabeth warren took to twitter to criticize the evil republican s plan to replace obamacare.while her tweet in and of itself
"hillary would never have labeled one of her largest donors
 who earned $1.5 million per year as dc lawyer
"if you re not okay with taxpayers paying for exorbitant medical costs
"during a friday interview
"civil rights activist rev. jesse jackson sr. attended the rainbow/push coalition convention in chicago on thursday
"is anyone really shocked that another fake  trump-russian collusion  story points to obama and his crooked administration?today
"more than 21
"when reporting on president donald trump s meeting with french president emmanuel macron on thursday
 gop operative who sought hillary clinton’s missing emails found dead in hotel room"
"where was the media s outrage when a sitting united states senator
 major hillary supporter"
 sensational coverage for your ratings
"sebastian gorka does a mic drop on cnn anchor alison camerota when he tells her more people watch nick at nite and cartoons than they watch cnn:watch and laugh: sebastian gorka tells cnn that more people watch nick-at-nite and cartoons then them. #trump #cnnblackmail pic.twitter.com/uwekmocqrr  tim young (@timrunshismouth) july 12
 “anti-female” trump makes critics look foolish when he does this for group of afghan schoolgirls"
"meanwhile
"if this keeps up
 china welcomes back us beef to their multibillion-dollar market"
"kid rock
 dumb f**ks"
"republican senator charles grassley wants answers on why the russian lawyer who met with donald trump jr. was allowed in the us after her visa had been denied. grassley
"liberal logic 101 the new superintendent for detroit s public schools said he will recommend the school district no longer authorize charter schools and focus instead on improving its conventional schools
"mubashra uddin
"much to the dismay of mainstream media journalists
 the other in iraq…what’s wrong with this picture?"
"msnbc s casey hunt was interviewing war-hawk and rino senator lindsey graham (r-sc) about the meeting donald trump jr. on capitol hill. senator lindsey graham appeared to be concerned about trump s decision to meet with the russian lawyer who ended up only wanting to talk about adoptions. graham inferred that trump jr. made a  rookie mistake  saying
"this is the dumbest and biggest crime in the history of american politics. there's not even a close second.  jared yates sexton (@jysexton) july 11
"donald trump jr. took to twitter today to release all email communication with the kremlin-linked lawyer
 for teens
"this afternoon
"the guy who wasn t funny enough to land the coveted tonight show gig after johnny carson retired
 he should have handcuffs on and go to jail"
"chris cuomo of fake news network cnn interviewed kellyanne conway on sunday. you would have thought by now
 comedian-actor george lopez says president trump should “deport the police” to make streets safer…leads audience in anti-trump chant “f**k that puto (male whore)” [video]"
"last week
"here s how fake news works in an effort to cast president trump s eldest son
"political correctness and open-borders are a dangerous combination. this story is proof that europe has officially ceded their nations to mostly muslim refugees who have no intention of assimilating with their citizens. progressivism is actually killing europe.the percentage of muslims in europe has been rapidly increasing over the past few years
"dnc staffer seth rich was shot in the back several times while walking home late at night
"these are literally the same people carrying signs around that say  love trump s hate . woman accused of abusing a police horse during a rally on the capitol steps last month had her case bound over for trial
 who actually said “big story” of g20 was how far president trump and putin spread their legs [video]"
 about “peaceful” protests in hamburg [video]"
"the last time a pope got involved in politics was when pope benedict xvi condemned obama s abortion stance in 2009.pope francis comments that align the united states with some of the most oppressive nations in the world may have alienated many catholics in america. considering the number of catholics in the world is declining
"new york city s radical leftist democrat mayor bill deblasio jetted off to hamburg
"following the g-20 summit in hamburg
"why would president trump want america to enforce a travel ban on refugees from terror hotbed nations? why wouldn t we want to import so many nice
"twitter moments reported that alaska mom jolene jackinsky was waiting at an airport when she noticed the former president
"an undercover trump supporter hijacked the microphone at a #resisttrump rally in chicago earlier this week. he recited a speech comprised entirely of hitler quotes while the crowd ignorantly applauded hitler s words.see video here: ladies
"this group of black lives matter supporters marched at the minnesota state fair chanting
"cnn s ratings have been in the toilet ever since they made falsifying news about our president and his nonexistent russian connection a top priority. earlier this week
"one month before the election
"french president emmanuel macron has prided himself as the world s anti-trump. he has arrogantly taken counter stances to president donald trump s on issues such as global warming and globalization. ironically
"lou dobbs went off on #fakepresident barack obama during his  dobb s commentary  segment. fox news host lou dobbs is furious that the former president
 as drunken crowd cheered them on [video]"
"cnn is finally seeing the serious repercussions of reporting #veryfakenews
"terrance williams is a conservative trump supporter and comedian who makes hilarious videos on twitter. anyone who watches williams  videos can t help but notice his contagious laugh. when williams went to apple s app store yesterday
"mayor bill de blasio on thursday skipped an nypd swearing-in ceremony made somber by this week s assassination of a cop   then hours later revealed he was busy preparing to jet off on a surprise trip to join leftist protesters at the g-20 summit in germany.hizzoner s overseas jaunt was kept under wraps until just 90 minutes before he took off from newark airport. a last-minute announcement said he  will attend several events surrounding the g-20 summit
"first lady melania trump was trapped inside her residence in hamburg on friday because of the violent protests outside the g20 summit
"on april 3
 open-borders clooney’s no longer feel secure in england…moving back to u.s"
 have the democrats so obstinately refused to accept the result of a lawful election” [video]"
"maxine waters is so filled with hate for anyone who disagrees with her
"united airlines should probably consider an extensive training program for their employees who are making such bad decisions
"when cnn
"last week
"although obama had 3 years to take action to fix the flint water problem
"project veritas just released yet another video of the cnn producer calling voters  stupid as sh*t  and even mocking on of their top news anchors  chris cuomo!the undercover reporter stroked carr s ego saying he had just as much  gravitas  as cuomo and he responded saying
 black lives matter anti-cop rhetoric?"
"beyond the pale abc reporter matthew dowd compared president donald trump with n. korea s kim jong un on good morning america wednesday when having discussion with former clinton white house communications director anchor george stephanopoulos.as for the objectivity and credibility of clinton foundation mega-donor george stephanopoulos
"president trump just made liberal heads explode! the liberal mantra has been to destroy anything to do with the civil war. civil war statues were recently removed from the city of new orleans and the gettysburg battlefield was the scene of a protest just last week .so here s where our awesome president just donated his first months salary:president trump just donated the first few months of his white house salary to antietam national battlefield
 hillary supporter inspired by democrat leaders
"the hosts of  new day  dug a deeper hole for cnn on wednesday when they said that the network would not identify the reddit user behind the viral video of president trump wrestling a man with cnn s logo imposed over his face because he apologized. cnn had previously written that it had decided not to publicly identify the man because he was a private citizen who showed remorse
"who could forget the  obamaphone lady  from cleveland
"former navy seal and gop rep. scott taylor
"mike huckabee appeared on fox s hannity show where kimberly guilfoyle was filling in for host sean hannity. guilfoyle congratulated the former governor mike huckabee s daughter deputy press secretary sarah huckabee sanders for her handling of the hypocritical press. guilfoyle talked about the media and how they attacked president trump for retweeting a hilarious video made to look like he was body-slamming cnn
 millennials and ‘black lives matter’ morons decided to celebrate the 4th of july?"
"in february
"douglas murray
"a disturbing video published by the washington post on june 29 shows a group of brainwashed students singing twitter posts by president donald trump attempting to mock him. a group of about twelve children
"former president barack obama seems to be feeling nostalgic for his old job
"the horrible result of socialized medicine may be seen in the plight of charlie gard. the brain-damaged british baby whose parents recently lost a legal battle to keep him on life support   has now tugged at heart strings as far away as the oval office.president trump tweeted out his willingness to lend a hand   and in doing so exposed the debate over who should make life-and-death decisions for charlie to a massive audience. if we can help little #charliegard
"liberals have been telling american citizens for decades that  illegal aliens are doing the low-wage jobs americans won t do. is that really true?how much do those illegal aliens standing on various street corners make per hour
"meanwhile
"president trump on sunday tweeted a video of him body-slamming world wrestling entertainment chairman vince mcmahon whose face was replaced by the cnn logo.the tweet
"neil cavuto faced off with congresswoman sheila jackson lee over her call for president trump to resign after his tweets attacking mika brzezinski and joe scarborough: enough is enough! @realdonaldtrump you need to resign!  this woman is just hateful! she claims to know trump is  unhappy gmafb! woman is a perfect example of the swamp in dc. she needs to go! she s mooched off of the american people for way too long and is a hateful racist!she says in the video above that she s gone through impeachments before
"last year
"the most corrupt attorney general in the history of the united states is allegedly thinking of throwing his hat into the ring as a democrat contender in the 2020 presidential race. what better way to invigorate crooked democrats than to call on the very people who had his back at the doj to keep attacking president trump?former attorney general eric holder spoke in los angeles last week to promote a bill that some observers say would make california a  sanctuary state
"immigration advocate roberto hernandez joined tucker carlson to debate the controversial payout of $190k to an illegal for being turned over to ice. you won t believe the reasoning! this is insane!an illegal immigrant is set to be awarded $190
"tamara holder was a guest on joy reid s msnbc show this morning and mocked the women in president trump s life. ironically
"fox news legal expert gregg jarrett dropped a bomb on susan rice when he said she likely committed three crimes. jarrett was on with sara carter of circa news when he made the claim of criminal behavior by rice.gregg jarrett: susan rice
"rcp   in just a few minutes on thursday s edition of  hardball  on msnbc
"pro trump chicagoans decided to hit back after the city used taxpayer dollars to put a sculpture that says  real fake  in front of trump tower. they added a little cnn to it .@cnn is so fake that chicagoans are leaving the cnn logo on the #realfake sculpture meant to attack trump! #backfire cc rebelpundit pic.twitter.com/uuufnh0qwo  andrew marcus (@imandrewmarcus) june 30
"with all the anger and nasty comments coming from mika and joe of msnbc
"mika is all of a sudden aware of the trump s marital situation? this woman needs to stop! the msnbc host has no business saying anything about the trumps. she left her husband of 23 years to hook up with her cohost joe scarborough. not such a great track record.we love melania trump s response! great job! it is sad when people try to further their own agenda by commenting on me and my family
"conservative talk show host mark levin shredded joe scarborough and the media in defense of president trump as he pointed out that respect is a two-way street.levin
 ignorant
"the windy city is under fire for turning public art into a political message using taxpayer dollars! the broke city of chicago installed a golden sculpture that spells out  real fake  right smack in front of trump international hotel and tower in the city s downtown area. so the city spent money they don t have to slam president trump? no wonder people are leaving the city in droves filmmaker @imandrewmarcus (me) reacts to #realfake sculpture that #realbroke chicago paid to install outside trump tower. #realdumb pic.twitter.com/2ap792wxf0  andrew marcus (@imandrewmarcus) june 30
"congressman justin amash (r-mi) was the only republican to vote against kate s law
"as if you needed another reason not to drink overpriced coffee! this is something that s really gross but you need to be aware of it ewwwww!fecal bacteria has been found in ice from three of the biggest uk coffee chains
"the justice department on thursday dropped the legal challenge to the the washington redskins  name
"project veritas  newest video from the american pravda: cnn series exposes jimmy carr
"only a liberal  man  who works for a magazine that made a fortune by exploiting women would complain that president trump s female deputy press secretary isn t giving him enough respect. yesterday a 56-year-old reporter representing playboy magazine had an epic meltdown in the white house press briefing room after white house deputy press secretary sarah huckabee-sanders put him in his place following the release of an undercover bombshell video by project veritas that exposed cnn as a network that fabricates news for ratings.brian karem complained about journalists being called out as  fake news  when they report falsehoods
 as stupid as we think they are’ [video]"
"john podesta is the guardian of the clintons just like valerie jarrett was for the obamas.  he was instrumental during the 2016 election as the clinton campaign chair and was exposed when the wikileaks hack happened. he was just interviewed by the house intel committee regarding the russia scam and was asked about it in the heated debate below: podesta is not just the former chairman of the hillary clinton s presidential campaign
"based stickman
"some day
"the washington post published a propaganda organizing piece for the democrat party: democrats  resistance  calls for a july 4th recess push to kill gop billfrom the article: the moment that senate majority leader mitch mcconnell (r-ky.) told republicans that there could be no vote on the party s health-care bill this week
"deputy assistant to the president sebastian gorka warned syrian president bashar assad after evidence arose earlier this week that the assad regime could be planning another chemical weapons attack on its people. gorka says
"fox news channel (fnc) has signed soon-to-be former congressman jason chaffetz (r-ut) to a contributor role.he will offer political analysis across fnc and fox business network s (fbn) daytime and primetime programming
"acting fbi director andrew mccabe is being investigated by the office of u.s. counsel violating the hatch act according to a new report by circa news.the hatch act prohibits fbi agents from campaigning in partisan races. photos of mccabe campaigning for his wife raised questions about mccabe s compliance with the law.acting fbi director andrew mccabe is being investigated by the office of u.s. special counsel for violating the hatch act that prohibits fbi agents from campaigning in partisan races.the office of u.s. special counsel
"only two weeks after u.s. congressman steve scalise and four others were shot during a baseball practice in a washington suburb by a man with a history of lashing out at republicans
"democratic senator claire mccaskill
"president donald trump welcomed india s prime minister narendra modi to the white house monday for their first meeting
"white house deputy press secretary sarah huckabee-sanders was the perfect choice to take on the media today following the release of a bombshell video by project veritas showing an undercover reporter capturing cnn s supervising producer admitting that most of the  news  they put out about the trump-russia collusion is  bullish*t! early this morning
"the obnoxious anti-trump hallie jackson of nbc is constantly trying to play  gotcha  with sean spicer on policy issues related to president trump. normally
"a 70-year tradition at east liverpool high school was removed from the graduation ceremony
"james o keefe s project veritas reporters went undercover at cnn to investigate the #veryfakenews network to determine the motivation behind cnn s trump-russia collusion obsession. since the inauguration
"tennessee lawmakers have something to say to their counterparts in california and it s perfect! we could love this more tennessee hits back at the loony state that banned all state travel to places that they think don t have the right policy in place. the response is epic: whereas
"james o keefe s project veritas reporters went undercover at cnn to investigate the #veryfakenews network to determine the motivation behind cnn s trump-russia collusion obsession. since the inauguration
"writing on twitter sunday
"cnn employees have resigned for their role in pushing fake news about the trump-russia story that claimed a member of the trump transition team was under investigation.reporter thomas frank
 while party girl malia obama’s escapades were “off-limits”"
"nancy pelosi said in an interview with joy reid that after she met president trump she  prayed for america she giggled nervously. this is the usual pelosi act where she giggles and then says something so bitter and mean that you just can t believe it.we have quite a collection of pelosi-isms   keep it up nancy!nancy can t call trump her president giggle
 wife of felon caught on tape bragging about inciting violence at trump rallies
"make america work again! white house counselor kellyanne conway says people on medicaid who will lose coverage under the republican plan to repeal obamacare could find jobs that provide health insurance.when the affordable care act expanded medicaid coverage
"this is gonna be a tough pill for the left to swallow after working so hard to stack the courts in a victory for the trump administration
"never mind that the trump s had a previous engagement it s just a great excuse for the left to justify their false claims that our president is an  islamaphobe president trump broke with 20 years of white house tradition by opting not to host a dinner to mark the end of ramadan
"this is great! trump supporters did everything right but ironically were turned away at a maxine waters town hall because they don t live in her district well
"the music icon spoke at the north minneapolis conference on peace on saturday.stevie wonder spoke out about black lives matter and youth gun violence at the north minneapolis conference on peace on saturday. it is in your hands to stop all of the killing and the shooting wherever it might be
"sen. bernie sanders (i-vt) and his wife
"a top republican took to the senate floor thursday to blame fired fbi director james b. comey for fanning  conspiracy theories  about the u.s. election that  played right into russia s hands. sen. chuck grassley
"a black woman went into a fit of rage after she spotted a confederate battle flag on a car at a local festival. ybia anderson posted a video of herself confronting a man who brought his  dukes of hazzard  inspired  general lee  car to the highland creek heritage festival. here s what she said on her facebook page:  at this racist-ass highland creek heritage festival where a car featuring two confederate flags is being celebrated. this wannabe hillbilly is trying to  educate  me on the civil war!!! guess he doesn t realize his side lost!!!  the video is sideways but you ll get the point: anderson shrieked:  this racist car has not one
"apparently actor johnny depp didn t learn anything from the not-funny  comedian  kathy griffin s career-ending attempt at  humor  when she made a gruesome video using a decapitated and bloodied head of  president trump.  introducing his 2004 film the libertine
"americans are sick and tired of being lied to by the media. this awesome patriot and business owner is making sure abc gets the message!san antonio   a boerne man is making his voice heard loud and clear by renouncing abc news and recent news coverage of president donald trump with a large billboard at i-10 and buckskin drive.it reads: abc news: i grew up with you. we are through. the russians didn t elect donald trump. i did. the billboard was paid for by kyle courtney
"introducing his 2004 film the libertine
"a nervous nancy pelosi responded thursday to criticism from democratic colleagues asking her to step down from her leadership post and president donald trump s subsequent tweet mocking her for helping republicans politically.some republican members have said that it would be good for their party if pelosi remains the top democrat in the house. these remarks followed heavy criticism from democratic lawmakers of pelosi s leadership following tuesday s special election losses in georgia and south carolina.many within the democratic party are calling for new leadership in other words
"tucker carlson and jesse waters both went to trinity college who knew! carlson discussed the downfall of his college from a good college to a leftist indoctrination center unreal! please see our latest report on the professor who said  let them f*cking die the professor who s been a trinity for 20 years spewing hate speech  a connecticut college professor has created a firestorm for calling white people  inhuman a-holes  who need to  die  following last week s shooting attack on congressional republicans. professor johnny eric williams is a sociology professor! who wants to send their child to trinity college at $61
"rep. debbie wasserman schultz dropped a big bomb during an interview on cnn today. she claimed that jeh johnson s  testimony about the dnc computer hack is  wrong in every respect  and  utterly misinformed.  whoa! who s telling the truth?schultz told the cnn anchor  he s wrong in every respect. let me be very clear. at no point during my tenure at the dnc was i contacted by the fbi
"this is hysterical! senator chuck schumer can t even get a stunt right! he held a press conference to bash the senate s healthcare bill and tried to pull a childish stunt. he had someone place a sign with the word  mean  on it and then took out a sharpie and added the letters  e-r . the only problem is that you couldn t see the added letters at all! he had to go back and try to fill it in still couldn t see it! priceless! .@senschumer adds letters ""e-r"" to poster board next to him. ""the senate version of #trumpcare is even meaner than the house bill."" pic.twitter.com/u7r7l1skyr  cspan (@cspan) june 22
"president trump came out today and said he doesn t have tapes of former fbi director james comey but that the possibility of someone else taping the conversation is there. the lefty media went nuts and claimed that trump lied. the political analyst on msnbc even compared president trump to a suicide bomber. oh
"rep. trey gowdy was full of sarcasm (rightfully so) during comments about why the dnc didn t turn over its hacked computer server to authorities. the puzzling thing that raised red flags is that the organization said it never received federal assistance causing people to question whether the dnc had something it  didn t want law enforcement to see. congressman gowdy spoke with fox news  martha maccallum about why the dnc did not turn over its server to the dhs or fbi officials who could have helped to prevent future hackings:the dnc was hacked during the 2016 election and  emails were published by wikileaks. jkeh johnson
"cnn s chris cuomo freaked out at president donald trump s comment during a speech in iowa that he didn t want  a poor person  in economic cabinet positions. he said he couldn t believe trump supporters would applaud this comment. chris cuomo s faux outrage is hysterical!cuomo called the audience  apparently blue collar how does he know this audience isn t full of people from all backgrounds?cuomo commented:  i guess
"msnbc s chris matthews definitely didn t get a tingle up his leg when it came to democrat jon ossoff. turns out he s confused over what ossoff was  selling  matthews said about ossoff: i don t know what the hell he was selling. he wasn t selling much. ossoff lost a race that was the most expensive house election ever to republican karen handel on tuesday night in a race democrats hoped to turn blue as a sign of national discontent with president donald trump. outside donors from liberal states like california
 trump
 lying
"president trump was lambasted by democrats and their allies in the media when he suggested that up to 3 million illegal aliens likely voted in the 2016 elections.fake fact checker snopes was quick to discredit his claim without any evidence. they even went as far as to say that cases of voter fraud were extremely rare:fake fact checker politifact gave president trump s claim of voter fraud a  pants on fire  rating:fox and friends host ainsley earhardt delivered the disturbing news to viewers this morning that an independent group has claimed up to 5.7 million illegal aliens voted in the 2008 election that gave us president barack hussein obama:as many as 5.7 million illegal immigrants might have voted in the 2008 election
"ford will export the next-generation focus compact car from china to north america in 2019
"judicial watch today announced that the national security council (nsc) on may 23
"tucker carlson debated a new jersey democratic operative who tweeted an insensitive message after the shooting of rep. steve scalise (r-la.). we are in a war with selfish
"last week
"we are so sad to report that otto warmbier has died. the university of cincinnati medical center announced monday that warmbier
"former nh governor john sununu let alison camarata have it when she asked about the russia investigation and robert mueller. sununu said that trump should have been notified if he was under investigation and then he slammed mueller for hiring all dems.camerota:  should the white house know if the president is being investigated for obstruction of justice? sununu:  if the president is being investigated for obstruction of justice
116
"the ceo of outdoor clothing giant patagonia is burnishing her anti-republican bona fides again
"awesome! two protesters crashed the  trump assassination  play tonight yelling  goebbels would be proud!  and  liberal hate kills!  this is the second night protesters have jumped on stage at the shakespeare in the park production of julius caesar where a modern twist shows a president trump look-a-like assassinated. lovely
 i deal with fact and law” [video]"
"talk about projecting! on fareed zakaria s cnn show
 watching democrats ‘railroad their president’…only one republican is defending trump [video]"
000 muslims allegedly registered to “march against terror”…actual number is much less
"joy reid is known for her racist slant on the news. she s one bitter and angry woman we ve reported on numerous times for her over-the-top rhetoric. this latest rant is surprising even for reid. she goes after critically injured congressman steve scalise with the aide of a naacp board member. steve scalise cannot defend himself right now the left has no shame!reid:  there s a whole country out there and a lot of people
"the only two black jurors in the philando castile case were in favor of acquitting the cop responsible for his death
 laughing
"laura loomer of rebel media rushed the stage at the controversial nyc shakespeare in the park performance that takes a modern twist on julius caesar by playing out an assassination of a president trump look-alike. loomer yelled  stop leftist violence  before she was escorted off stage.we re huge fans and hope more people will follow her lead. can you imagine if the tables were turned and they performed the same play using obama as the one to be assassinated? the double standard here is unbelievable! you have the blood of steve scalise on your hands! the interesting irony is that the liberal crowd screamed and yelled at her. the left loves civil disobedience -except when it spoils their enjoyment of highbrow assassination porn. do they advocate for violence against our president?they literally have antifa chants during julius caesar before trump gets assassinated pic.twitter.com/6abhochsnc  jack posobiec   (@jackposobiec) june 17
"the inspiration behind the  black lives matter  movement   the individual cited by its founder and regularly quoted by its supporters   is a convicted cop killer who is on the fbi s  most wanted terrorists  list.in an article which details the philosophical foundation of  black lives matter 
"cnn political hack alison camarota wants to nail president trump but former independent counsel ken starr says he sees  no obstruction . starr goes on to say that it s a very hard case to make. camarota comes back and tries to make the  hope  comment by trump to be an admission of guilt starr isn t buying it:she really
 author mike chernovich calls on americans to join him in disrupting trump assassination play in central park"
"president trump s remarks today in miami include a total change from the obama policy another campaign promise fulfilled:  i am canceling the last administration s completely one-sided deal with cuba. we will not lift sanctions on the cuban regime until all political prisoners are free we will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer
 chair of black caucus
 one who was working overtime to care for sick wife
"we just reported on the virginia shooter s message to karen handel (see below) and now this. is anyone going to want to be a candidate for anything if this threatening behavior continues? the left has gotten so dangerous in their rhetoric and their violence. whoever did this should be punished to the max to set an example for other leftists.georgia republican karen handel s neighborhood has been blocked off after reports that letters containing a white powdery substance and calling handel a  dirty fascist  were left at homes of her neighbors.police officers have been going from mailbox to mailbox after finding the  suspicious package
 i’ve never recorded another journalist
 usa flags…help police find him"
"shortly after 7 a.m. on wednesday
"another consequence of weak leadership nyp the father of the american who was recently sent home from north korea praised the trump administration on thursday after his son was released and said the obama administration s  results speak for themselves. fred warmbier spoke to the media about his son otto s comatose state and imprisonment by the north korean regime.after thanking sen. rob portman (r.
"pittsfield
 who’s still alive in hospital [video]"
"well
"mark steyn was on fire last night! if you were lucky enough to hear his brilliant take on the left
"chris matthews tried his best to create sympathy for the loser who shot random republicans. can you believe it? msnbc host chris matthews got political in his defense of alexandria shooter james t. hodgkinson:  we don t know what sadness was in this guy s life 
"trump-hating
"today s act of terror against a gop congressional baseball team by a bernie sanders supporter was about as ugly and hateful as anyone could imagine. but no one should be surprised by this violent act
 bleed
" we should not allow our political differences to escalate to violent attacks. we must all refuse to allow the politics of our country to be defined in this way
"the shooter at the congressional baseball practice has been identified. his name is james hodgkinson the 66-year old white male from illinois is a bernie sanders supporter. his facebook and twitter accounts are full of anti-trump/pro-bernie sanders posts and pictures:update: president trump just announced that hodgkinson has died from his injuries. his facebook page and twitter have been inundated with angry conservatives who are so sick of the vile and hateful rhetoric from the left. he s a huge leftist who clearly hastes president trump calling him a  traitor  on facebook:this man clearly represents trump derangement syndrome the left is still so angry that trump was elected. it s sick and twisted!from the shooter s facebook page:we just reported last weekend on protests across the country that got violent and even saw antifa attacking a police horse with a weapon:a  female  antifa member was arrested after using a flag pole w/ a silver nail at the end to stab a police horse in the neck during a riot. pic.twitter.com/ybmthryudn  /pol/ news forever (@polnewsforever) june 12
 two police officers shot in “deliberate attack”…cops prevented “massacre” [video]"
"remember when the first question reporters asked players after winning a national championship went something like this:   now that you ve reached the pinnacle of your career
"german social democrat leader martin schulz said that
 as the view hacks tried to prove president trump’s a “liar” [video]"
"22-yr old american otto warmbier was arrested and imprisoned during barack obama s last term in office. he was released  at the direction  of president trump. although former president barack obama was unable to secure her release
 barack
 anti-trump remarks are released"
"will austria s new mandates help to save their nation or is it already too late? have they already allowed political correctness to destroy their once unique culture and identity and replace it with radical islam?muslim students
"anti-trumper and faux conservative jedediah bila rarely takes a position on anything that may be in contrast to her fellow leftist hosts. in fact
"   delta air lines and bank of america became the first companies to announce they are pulling their sponsorships of a manhattan-based theater company s portrayal of julius caesar as a donald trump look-alike in a business suit who gets stabbed to death on stage.delta and bank of america both announced their intentions on sunday. no matter what your political stance may be
" so much winning!  were  going to be winning so much
"protesters affiliated with the group no justice
"on june 10
 throwing urine and yelling “f*ck the pigs!” [video]"
"former fbi director james comey admitted to the senate intelligence committee on thursday that he asked a columbia professor friend to leak a memo he kept regarding his conversation with president trump to the press.the memo was leaked to one of the key players in the witch hunt for a russian connection with president trump russia
"john coleman
 strangles him to death"
"he may not have been president trump s biggest fan during the primary season
"a columbia university professor from brooklyn went into hiding thursday after pal james comey revealed during his senate testimony that the man leaked memos detailing the former fbi chief s conversations with president trump to the press.but richman had vanished from his henry street digs by midday
 including time he used u.s. taxpayer money to defeat conservative israeli leader [video]"
"texas democrat rep. al green announced on wednesday he would draw up articles of impeachment against president donald trump. this is the second time he s done this he s obviously got trump derangement syndrome!two delusional democrats can t let this go   trump derangement syndrome!now there are two: rep. brad sherman joins rep. al green in call to impeach trump  pic.twitter.com/bhxq7ldpuq  mediaite (@mediaite) june 7
"changing the name of something doesn t change the truth of what it is female genital mutilation is the name used for the secretive practice in the muslim world  of making sure young girls never have a chance to feel sexual pleasure. it is a horrific practice of destroying the genitals of a girl to make sure she isn t promiscuous. a doctor in michigan was doing this under the radar on as many as 100 girls. we cannot accept this as a  religious and cultural right  as the lawyers for this doctor are trying to do. freedom of religion doesn t include the criminal act of mutilating a woman s genitals. this is what the lawyer said to defend this horrible practice: the defense has argued that the attars did not engage in any criminal act and that the procedure at issue is a protected religious rite-of-passage that involves no cutting
"judge napolitano just took the fun out of the democrat s party tomorrow they have nothing! it s what we ve known but it s great to hear from napolitano who is a fair guy.  it doesn t appear as though these conversations that the president had with director comey could constitute the level of constitutional obstruction of justice necessary to commence any further proceedings like impeachment like democrats want to do.    judge napoltanoearlier today   intel directors spoke up on the fact that trump did nothing: the senate intel committee is holding an open hearing on the foreign intelligence surveillance act today and the intel directors are saying there is nothing to the claim that trump asked anyone to shut down an investigation: nsa director adm. mike rogers says he s  never been directed to do anything  he deems  illegal
"sen. richard burr (r.
"take a look at @publictheaterny's first shakespeare in the park production of 2017
"according to video filmed by one of the protesters
 vulgar tirade [video]"
 angry blm activist tells tucker carlson it’s okay to have “blacks only” celebrations [video]"
"a highlands county woman could be charged with a felony after investigators say she allowed a toddler to be bitten by a small snake as a lesson
"rude
"london s muslim mayor sadiq khan
"france s armed police officers were at least prepared to handle the terror attack after shooting the terrorist
 home raided
 refuse to perform funeral rights for islamic terrorists [video]"
"donald trump jr slammed kathy griffin for playing the victim after the huge backlash to her  beheading trump  photo. saying she deserves whatever she gets. to run and claim victimhood
"the traitor just arrested is a piece of work. she s a georgia contractor who is pro-bernie
"here is the interview that made kelly so unpopular with fox news fans
"msnbc host thomas roberts on sunday was speculating whether president donald trump was trying to cause a terrorist attack on american soil to score political points.roberts took offense to some of trump s tweets sent in the wake of saturday s london terrorist attack
 we love you!”"
"left-wing democrat activists jake tapper claims that mass murder islamic terrorist attacks resembling those recently in seen in london have not taken place in america. senator mark warner (d-va) agrees
"a nonprofit legal watchdog claimed thursday that newly unearthed documents show hillary clinton sent and received more classified information on her private server than previously known
"listen:after creating a video that included a vile
 uk"
"reza aslan is a cnn host who is a muslim  religious scholar  who should be fired but probably won t be. he tweeted out a vile response to president trump s tweet from the drudge report. he also called our president a  man baby  who should be ignored . what kind of jackwagon disrespects our president like this?aslan first tweeted that he considers trump a  man baby  who should be ignored. this is after our president scooped nbc when he retweeted the drudge tweet that it was  feared  that another terror attack happened in london. nbc tweeted (see below) that they wouldn t retweet trumps tweet. ridiculous move by nbc that turned out to backfire on them.  the president is a man baby that must be ignored in times of crisis    cnn s  religious scholar  reza aslan  the next tweet from aslan is the one getting the most press because of its hate and vulgar language:  this piece of shit is not just an embarrassment to america and a stain on the presidency. he s an embarrassment to humankind.    cnn s  religious scholar  reza aslan does cnn condone this vile behavior from its hosts? we ll see if they do anything about this hateful man who is no journalist!more information on him reveals he s an iranian-born cnn employee from his personal websitereza aslan is an internationally renowned writer
 celebrating
"just another day in the holy month of ramadan london is the scene of carnage again with another terror attack. a van plowed into pedestrians on london bridge with reports of men jumping out of the van to stab random people. we re posting details as they come in from the uk. the muslim mayor of london is too busy criticizing president trump for taking measures to ensure the united states is not subjected to never-ending acts of terrorism to actually identify and work to solve the radical muslim issue that is exploding in the uk.meanwhile
"if clinton and lynch just talked about grandkids then why is this such a top secret transcript? this is troubling because it portends to what we ve known all along bill clinton was meeting with lynch to fight hillary s battle. they won t reveal it because it would implicate so many people in government are we right?a citizen researcher from florida is attempting to have the recording of the infamous bill clinton/loretta lynch tarmac tape released to the public
 lash out after liberals use sacred wtc site to make anti-trump statement"
"such a compassionate faith bring an 8-year old girl in for a clitorectomy and watch how quickly they sharpen the knives a pakistani sewer worker died thursday after doctors refused to treat him due to the fact he was  unclean. irfan masih
"ted nugent isn t having it! he s being compared to kathy griffin by the left and he s had enough of it!we will never forget the night before the election at the very last rally for candidate trump ted nugent was there and played his heart out!conservative rocker ted nugent
"venues in new jersey
"remember when people paid attention to arnold scwarzenegger s political opinions? me neither the irrelevant former california governor
"in 2016
"backlash against kathy griffin continues to grow with at least four venues announcing that they had canceled her performances after the comedian posed with a likeness of president donald trump s severed head.venues in new jersey
"the outspoken liberal comedian posed for a photo shoot with controversial photographer tyler shields in which she was seen holding a bloodied mask of president trump.donald trump was quick to condemn her on twitter:tmz later reported that 11-year old barron trump actually saw the image of his bloodied and decapitated father while watching tv.tmz reports: barron trump was watching tv & saw @kathygriffin holding the severed head. he thought it was his dad. my heart is broken.  liz wheeler (@liz_wheeler) may 31
 intolerant students held college administrators hostage…and no one cared [video]"
"former secretary of state hillary clinton once requested to fly in a separate plane rather than share one with then-first lady michelle obama
 not paris” [video]"
"children s author and father of two
 yet blistering response to kathy griffin’s isis inspired photo of decapitated president trump"
000 refugees this year!"
"the usaa financial services firm is reinstating its advertising on sean hannity s fox news channel program after receiving heavy criticism for its initial decision from many of the military members and veterans that it serves.the san antonio
 new york times reporter…calls him out for reporting specific “fake news” story…walks off stage [video]"
 decapitated head"
"as a wellesley graduate
"the latest video of maxine waters is downright hysterical! she s confronted by one of her constituents who says they re going to work every day to make sure that president trump isn t impeached and that waters is impeached.  mad max  didn t care for that comment and shot back:  you can t impeach a woman of congress constituent:  well i just want to talk about your representation in washington and our president as well.waters:  i can t stand him! he s the most horrible man i ve ever seen in my life! constituent:  i love my president. waters:  i m glad you do! your president is a dishonorable
"remember when experts came out after hillary collapsed following her visit to the 9-11 memorial in nyc and revealed that the odd blue-colored sunglasses hillary was sporting that day are used by epileptic patients to avoid having a seizure.who could forget hillary s bizarre collapse that day
"the ban
"austin   a shoving match and war of words nearly turned into a fistfight on the texas house floor monday
"fox news  harris faulkner blows up the whole russia collusion theory with one smart question that we re sure the media will ignore!on sunday
"child marriage is a problem within islam. islamic culture in different countries accept this tradition. once the muslims migrate
 mayor deblasio employee arrested on child porn charges: possessed videos of female babies as young as 6 months involved in sex acts"
 pope francis delivers surprising message to italian workers"
 debbie wasserman-schultz"
"there is no question that whoopi goldberg is a talented actress and has the ability to make people laugh
 visa
"hillary clinton just made the claim that she  beat  president trump in the 2016 election. the bitter and delusional clinton is a woman who can t let the loss go in a lengthy interview in new york magazine
"sharia lawyer and expert daniel akbari tells ezra levant of the rebel media why muslims are less likely to integrate into western nations. this is one of the best interviews we ve come across on the truth in sharia law and abiding by the koran. how can a muslim follow our laws when they are taught to follow sharia law or else. the punishment is severe for those who haven t assimilated into american society. it s a sense of fear with a woman who chooses not to wear a head covering because she could be severely punished.muslim assimilation? it s not happening in minneapolis   little mogadishu  where sharia rules [video] isolation of the somali muslim community and teaching sharia law in muslim schools in minneapolis are the two main reasons why we should still fear their recruitment to terrorism. assimilation hasn t happened and that s a huge problem!during the election last year
"all we re hearing from the left is fear mongering about president trump s budget. we love what welfare to work is coming back after obama stripped it out of requirements to receive benefits. food stamp enrollment exploded during obama s 8 years in office to be 44 million recipients.the american taxpayers are footing the bill for those who take advantage of the system. here s the truth about what the trump administration has proposed for food stamps:work requirements: in reality
"navy seal carl higbie had three words for katy perry: go to hell. carl higbie in a thursday interview on fox news criticized perry for her remarks following the deadly manchester terror attack that left 22 people dead and 59 injured
 machine gun
"homeland security secretary john kelly on friday said the terror threat is worse than most realize
"hillary clinton was delivering the commencement speech at her alma mater today and had a coughing fit! can you believe it? just in case you forgot
don lemon tries to blame donald trump for the incident in montana between a republican candidate and a reporter. the candidate  body-slammed  the reporter who was asking a question. the candidate went on to win the election but the left is determined to use this incident to score political points.paris dennard won t back down when lemon tries to blame trump. paris and lemon have a long history of heated discussions. great job by paris dennard!
"terrified concert goers fled an ariana grande gig after salman abedi
"companies including cars.com
 lawyer says feds need to investigate seth rich murder during russia-trump collusion discussion [video]"
"a shocking new video has just been released by the center for medical progress
"former cia agent phil mudd is a jackwagon! he threatened congressman trey gowdy after hearing video of questioning from gowdy to ex-cia director john brennan. mudd made the threat that gowdy should have his  a** kicked . who says something like that on national tv? how the anchors on cnn say nothing back to mudd to knock it off. they probably loved the threat.in case you missed it: trey gowdy asked a pointed question of former cia director brennan:  did you have evidence of a connection between the trump campaign and russian state actors?  brennan replied:  as i said
"a georgia middle school science teacher and a paraprofessional got into a vicious classroom brawl   in front of horrified students who captured the fight on video. the two women
"just another nice immigrant family trying to assimilate in the country who so generously took them in the 22-year-old british-born attacker was heard  chanting islamic prayers loudly in the street  outside his home in the south of the city. not that anyone reported him. that would have been  islamophobic. it s a good thing we have theresa may and the rest to tell us that this has nothing to do with islam. he was chanting islamic prayers loudly in the street : neighbours of british-born manchester suicide bomber tell of his  strange behaviour  in the weeks before deadly attack
"what the heck is going on over at fox news
"trey gowdy asked a pointed question of former cia director brennan:  did you have evidence of a connection between the trump campaign and russian state actors?  brennan replied:  as i said
"let s play a fun game called
"the family of osama bin laden has spoken out for the first time about what it was like to watch the 9/11 mastermind and al-qaeda terrorist die in a hail of us military gunfire.amal bin laden
 yahoo writer” who wished trump would die before inauguration
"it looks like bill o reilly is getting the last laugh when the fox news channel fired cable news giant bill o reilly in april
"bob schieffer is an old-school newsman. there s no doubt that the former face the nationhost leans left
"last week
" among the findings:a complex fiscal picture welfare use. our findings show that many of the preconceived notions about the fiscal impact of illegal households turn out to be inaccurate. in terms of welfare use
"the white house confirmed to fox business that priebus would be heading back to washington d.c. after the stop in saudi arabia
"ap reported:california s elected democrats had tough words for president donald trump and the gop congress on saturday
"the classless democrats are at it again. the over-the-top potty talk by the chairman tom perez was bad enough but now the california dem chairman has raised the bar on nastiness. he prompts the crowd to yell out  f@ck donald trump!  the kicker is that nancy pelosi was caught laughing with the crowd. how unbelievably childish are these people?ap reported:california s elected democrats had tough words for president donald trump and the gop congress on saturday
"thank you alabama! protecting our history
"at the start of the fox news greg gutfeld show
"tim allen took to twitter to express his disappointment after discovering that the second highest rated comedy tv series on abc
"cnn host anderson cooper apologized for a  crude  remark directed at president trump supporter jeffrey lord during his show on friday
"rep. maxine waters (d.
"the double standard here is unbelievable! we just reported on a high school student in big trouble for saying  build the wall  in her yearbook quote. that s pretty harmless but the school took back the yearbooks .fast forward and a high school student wrote out their thoughts on president trump in the yearbook i would like to behead him. i do not like him. see the huge difference here?minneapolis (wcco)   just under a month after a big lake trap team s photo was banned from the high school yearbook
"punishing rich
 race agitator colin kaepernick?"
"tick tock. america will now wait until conservative news sources release his motive.update: the man who attempted to breach the cockpit has been identified as a turkish man. flight attendants
"former fbi director james comey testified under senate oath may 3rd that the trump administration had not pressured his agency to halt any investigation for political purposes. comey admitted that the fbi has always been free to operate without political interference flying in the face of democrats  paranoid delusions about russia and president donald j. trump
"got news-  new york times mexican telecom mogul carlos slim s blogger michael schmidt told professional liar brian williams that he hadn t seen the memos that james comey allegedly wrote.  someone that had seen them recounted details to me
"hillary clinton always goes back to the black community and this is just another case of pandering. it s pretty sickening that she s even being asked to speak at a college commencement any college commencement! the clinton grifters also owe the haitian community answers on where money went after the haiti earthquake relief effort.  the haitian community is up in arms over much that happened after the 2010 earthquake. this should be interesting:here is how the clinton s used the money that americans donated to help the devastated residents of haiti to enrich themselves:on june 8
"stories of governments removing citizens from their homes and apartments in european nations and replacing them with migrants in need of government subsidized housing is becoming more and more common. the obama regime set the ball in motion for  fair share housing  or social engineering. will our legislators be able to stop the insanity of displacing citizens who are receiving housing subsidies from our government in favor of refugees or illegal aliens? having lived in the same flat for 16 years
"the funniest part of the video comes when msnbc guest host ben stein attempts to force maxine to give an actual reason why president trump should be impeached and unhinged maxine goes off on her theory about who came up with the very popular (and accurate) nick-name of  crooked hillary  for hillary clinton during the campaign. and as a bonus
"this blogger s piece is a glimpse into the future of america. unless we all find a way to stand together and stop barack obama and the democrat party s fundamental transformation from happening we ll be looking for another country who cares more about its citizens than its immigrant population this is the last post on this blog. i am leaving sweden for good shortly
"a navy seal carl higbie was blasted and screeched at by a cnn anchor who was shocked that higbie asked for more evidence and truth in the trump controversy. yikes! she s got snowflake written all over her. it s just how the left rolls you have to march in lock-step with what they believe to be true even if it s not true. just go with it
 you’re sadly mistaken.”"
"president trump gave the commencement speech for the coast guard graduating class and hit back at the media during the speech: the coast guard academy was the location for the speech but the speech could be directed at all aemricans plus the media and critics of trump. he says what everyone else is thinking awesome! now i want to take this opportunity to offer you some advice. over the course of your life you will find that things are not always fair. you will find that things happen to you that you do not deserve  you have to put your head down and fight
"former cia analyst and retired u.s. army reserve lieutenant colonel tony shaffer told lou dobbs on tuesday president trump needs to understand deep state has declared war against his administration.   he needs to fire top two levels in intelligence to clean house.the deep state:never in american history has there been a more highly organized group of people
"rod wheeler was on hannity last night with startling information on the seth rich murder mystery. he spoke about the mystery of why they can t locate the computer rich used. they went on to discuss clues in the case that point to collusion between the dc police and the dnc. the most shocking information comes at the 4:20 mark when wheeler says this:rod wheeler:  here s one other thing that is going to be startling i m just gonna say this right now. i reached out to the police department way back in march when the family first hired me right..to get involved. i didn t hear anything from the police department for 2-3 days.guess what i learned yesterday from the family of seth rich? the police department did not call me back because someone
"just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of rich s death
"the glowing review we gave to miss usa kara mccullough must be revoked bummer!she was our hero when she defended liberty from the liberals who believe healthcare is not a right but a privilege. liberals wasted no time exploding in rage
"hey parents are you  woke  yet? a high school in north carolina confiscated student yearbooks after one of the students quoted president trump as her senior quote.the charlotte observer reports administrators at richmond early college high school
000 dnc emails to journalist
"the washington post just got called out big time on a fake story they published this is a screenshot of the article:the big lie from washington post: president trump revealed highly classified information to the russian foreign minister and ambassador in a white house meeting last week
"you might want to grab a barf bag before you watch the video below of erika discussing marrying herself this is a sure sign that feminism has taken it too far and that our nation has sunk to a new low. what comes to mind for us is the old saturday night live skit with stuart smalley aka senator al franken remember that? well
"what not to do is pretty much everything this nutjob did:1. do not angrily confront anyone with children in tow franklin claims to be terrified of these men and yet she aggressively confronts them and films them while hurling insults at them. she thinks they are  racists  and people who support  hate symbols
 covered in tattoos [video]"
"the district of columbia has won back-to-back miss usa titles.kara mccullough
"the democrats just keep on pushing the fake news of trump colluding with the russians to win the election. the striking thing is the coordination in talking points. unreal! they must email every person to push over and over the same words so we re all brainwashed to believe the lies:earlier in the week
"all you have to do is listen to clapper lie before congress and you know he has zero credibility to speak:remember the famous moment when us national intelligence chief james clapper was testifying about the nsa surveillance of americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. of course
"the video below begins with a hispanic man telling the videographer to  go back to europe . he continues n his rant ending with what he must consider a derogatory term pilgrim! . this is california and this is the attitude of many hispanics. notice how the t-shirts some of the hispanics are wearing say
"lil wayne
"stunning! former us pres. obama was at the international summit of food innovation in milan. may 9. 2017 it s called seeds and chips but should be called the basics of communism by barack obamayou might not want to listen to the entire video but it is truly stunning to listen to the elitist globalist vision for controlling the masses. this is where we re heading if the people don t recognize this and rise up to fight it. this is why the left hates trump! the shadow government wants control and will do everything it can to continue ruling. obama and his cronies are dangerous to us all. we hope you ll listen to the entire video or at least the point beginning with 44:36:please go to the 44:36 point of the video: obama speaks and then notice the clapping after his comments   these elitist lefties are nutso!obama praising the inherent value of communism: this is a much bigger concern in the economy as a whole. and my guess is that ultimately what is going to happen is that everybody is going to have to work less and we re going to have to spread work more.but that is going to require a reorganization of the social compact. that requires we change our mindset about the link between work
 comey and russia"
anderson cooper decided it would be a good idea to roll his eyes numerous times during his interview with kellyanne conway not smart!the cameras caught his eye rolls classless move! conway responded by calling his move  sexist . we have to agree because you know he wouldn t pull this move with anyone else. conway has been just one more person the left has targeted with their slings and arrows. it s not professional critique but nasty and very sophomoric comments about anything from the way conway dresses to her physical appearance. it s been brutal but she s such a strong woman that she just keeps bringing great commentary. we say bravo!the disrespect is unbelievable!
"tim allen s hit sitcom  last man standing  has seen its final days.abc announced it has canceled allen s show after six seasons. this was a scheduling decision
"it s becoming fairly commonplace for public acts of violence to occur when liberals don t get exactly what they want. we used to rely on free speech at town halls to debate our differences
"michelle came out of hiding today to take a baseball bat to president trump. she spoke to an audience about nutrition and  started out her speech by attacking president trump
"a russian man wanted by the justice department on charges connected to hacking u.s. companies now claims the fbioffered him immunity in exchange for accepting responsibility for cyberattacks targeting former democratic nominee hillary clinton.yevgeny nikulin
"so much for healthy debate on college campus instead
"donald trump lobbed a veiled threat at the former fbi director on friday
"a fresno state university professor was recently caught on camera scrubbing pro-life message off of the sidewalk and encouraging several of his students to do the same.here is gregory thatcher s profile on the fresno state college website. we thought we d post it before they take it down. his contact information is listed below
"tucker carlson debates the russia conspiracy with mustafa tameez
"the democrats are lying all over the place along with the main stream media it s hard to keep up with the lies. this is shameful and every one of these people should be called out on their lies. markey repeated something he read on two blogs! so who repeats as fact something they just read about on two blogs? unbelievable!senator ed markey was on cnn and lied during the interview about trump shame on him!sen. ed markey (d.
"abc s jonathan karl asked a very spunky sara huckabee-sanders (yes
 media allies on comey firing in one perfect video"
"the students of the historically black bethune-cookman university booed the invited commencement speaker
 heckle
"the article below makes the  princess prom  seem harmless it s not. sharia is creeping into our american way of life every day. the town of hamtramck
"since the moment word got out about the firing of fbi director james comey
"in its 109-year history
"at the recommendation of both attorney general jeff sessions and from deputy attorney general rod j. rosenstein
"on more than one occasion
 
"in its 109-year history
"there are 20 democrats who at certain times have called for comey to be fired but all you hear this morning is that the firing was done by trump to stop the russia investigation. the hypocrisy is huge!these people are desperately trying to keep this ball moving down the field. the problem is that there is no  there  there in the trump/russia investigation.even maxine waters said the russia investigation has nothing on trump:there is probably no one in congress more openly opposed to president donald trump than maxine waters. we have already seen that she has called for trump s impeachment. therefore when even waters states there is not yet any evidence at this time of trump-russia collusion
" he threw the reputation of the fbi under the bus former fbi agents don t seem as surprised as the rest of the world that james comey was fired by president trump today.in fact
" he threw the reputation of the fbi under the bus former fbi agents don t seem as surprised as the rest of the world that james comey was fired by president trump today.in fact
"hillary clinton was dogged throughout her campaign by her decision to set up a private email server in the basement of her suburban new york home to handle communications as secretary of state. comey said in july that agents found 110 classified emails containing emails that were classified at the time they were sent or received. that included eight marked  top secret. although comey labeled clinton s behavior  extremely careless
"comey will inevitably be remembered for the controversial role he played in the 2016 presidential election
"who knew? tiffany & co. just decided to show its hand when it comes to politics. we re not happy to tell you that the luxury retail jeweler just bought into the global warming scam hook
"stephanie ruhle of msnbc was on with a panel of liberals when she blurted out: i too have a pre-existing condition. i m a woman
"when he was running for president
 6th grade muslim students threaten to behead her [video]"
 men arrested after major brawl breaks out at florida airport over spirit airlines cancelled flights [video]"
"former acting attorney general sally yates was grilled about her refusal to defend the president s travel executive order she made huge mistake by assuming what trump said during the campaign could be admissible in court it can t!in a hearing centered on russian interference in the election
"like dominoes
"dr. abdul el-sayed
"martha
"according to the journal of blacks in higher education
" every record has been destroyed or falsified
"barack obama implored members of congress to have the  courage  not to repeal the affordable care act sunday night.the former president made his first public remarks about the proposed health care legislation just days after house republicans voted to pass the measure 217 to 213. if it passes the senate
 girls and other mythological creatures” play for students as young as 5 yrs old"
"the next time you hear someone talk about how it s a shame our country is so divided
” be “tortured
 feds gear up for day of violence [video]"
"this is so disturbing but such a wake up call for people who don t realize what s going on all over europe and what s coming our way. america is as naive as europe we also have our share of bleeding heart liberals who are happy to bring in anyone and everyone.watch what happens below and tell us you would want these people living with you: as soon as nicola porro connected with his correspondent around 11:30pm at the station terminal of rome to document the situation of the campers who congregate there at night
"kellyanne conway appeared on the sean hannity show with guest host eric bolling. she was clearly frustrated by the democrats attempt to mischaracterize the repeal of obamacare. the outspoken kellyanne conway blasted the democrats
"a large group of very diverse young adults who call themselves  the modern patriots videotaped themselves being kicked out of the  grill on the hill  bar located at amsterdam ave. and w. 140th st in harlem for wearing trump hats. 100 percent fed up spoke with one of the young adults who was part of the group to find out why they were kicked out. according to the young lady we spoke with
"did you know that in the state of texas alone over the last few years
 president trump signs religious liberty exec order to protect “little sisters of the poor”"
"someone needs to educate ellen degeneres on president trump. she obviously knows nothing about him or his policies that do include all americans! he just not into identity politics like obama was.she claims that his views on immigrants and women aren t aligned with hers. so isn t she doing what she proclaims to object to when she refuses to have trump on simply because of his views?he is for immigrants but for legal immigrants. does ellen advocate for illegally coming to america? traditionally
"watch this hilarious video from our british conservative friend paul joseph watson (twitter name:@prisonplanet) who does a brilliant job exposing the hypocrisy of the left: pro-migrant french welcome more refugees! but when asked to house one
"we can t say enough great things about this dad! he confronted his child s school board to speak against the school teaching islam. we ned more dads like this one to speak up against the very active push to teach islam in schools.this is disturbing for all parents. cair has taken it upon themselves to claim that they need to fight  islamophobia . they see this as a problem but we see this as a shady way to have islam taught in schools . we see what they re doing but the bleeding heart liberals in san diego are just passively accepting this propaganda:janet levy of american thinker: if allowed to stand
"police on tuesday arrested two people and were seeking a third after a shooting in northwest rochester
"be careful what you ask for watch:  fbi director james comey testified wednesday before the senate judiciary committee that hillary clinton emails containing classified information were forwarded to the computer of anthony weiner
" prudence is thirty-four. she has had sex with twenty-one men and three women
 tells her to
"the 31-year old model
"johnny carson must be rolling over in his grave to see what s happened to late night comedy where he dedicated 30 years of his life to actually making people of all political persuasions laugh. if johnny carson had a particular political leaning
"after the release of tell-all book  shattered  that excoriated and exposed hillary clinton and her failed campaign
"after years of debate
 rapists to be freed from prison [video]"
 black bloc
 antifa leader follows muslim boyfriend to turkey… surprised when she was beaten
"anthropologist fuambai ahmadu appeared on tucker carlson to defend female genital mutilation. her shocking commentary and acceptance of this horrible cultural ritual left us in shock. are there really people out there who consider this to be in any way similar to male circumcision? she tries to conflate the two but only makes tucker carlson wince. i don t identify with the term fgm with the term mutilation
"barack obama s white college girlfriend sheila miyoshi jager
"the sex secrets of the young barack obama have been revealed in an authoritative new biography of the ex-president.the new book by pulitzer prize winning author david j. garrow titled
"a caller to british radio host katie hopkins whose name is jessica
"irish journalist and documentary filmmaker ann mcelhinney took down a clueless liberal student during a discussion on global warming ann is the quickest and smartest at debate. this liberal picked on the wrong person the student insults ann with the following comment: i can t take anything you said seriously because you said that washing machines were more liberating than the birth control pill
"iran is using the billions in cash resources provided under the landmark nuclear deal to engage in an unprecedented military buildup meant to transform the islamic republic s fighting force into an  offensive  juggernaut
 as a person
"president trump s chief strategist steve bannon just accidentally revealed his  to do  list to the world. bannon writes down his  to do  lists on a whiteboard in his office. the board appears to be totally full of things to work on a good sign that bannon is continuing his work for the people of america thank you mr. bannon for standing by your promises even though others have caved.rabbi shmuley boteach
"only a few days after his inauguration
"colbert   language warning! this late night host is one angry dude! he does everything he can to try and rip on president trump but it comes off as cold and just mean spirited.the disgusting rant at the end of his monologue has backfired on him .his homophobic slur was in poor taste and very offensive to just about everyone within earshot. you can even tell the audience was shocked when he said it. if this was said about anyone else
"tucker interviews cathy areu of catalina magazine about whether it s appropriate to call breastfeeding  natural.  this is a perfect example of why women are turned off by feminism. trying to change what s truly natural so it will fit your gender politics is sickening to most women who aren t buying into it. blurring the lines bit by bit when it comes to gender is what s not natural here clearly
"after a sighting of black student with a hot glue gun caused the tolerant
"the media research center recently published a study showing that 91% of the coverage donald trump received during his campaign was considered negative or  hostile .was it even necessary to prove that almost all of candidate trump s media coverage was negative or  hostile  compared to hillary clinton s?  for the most part
"the bipartisan congressional language creates a headache for trump and his deputies because it flips the politically difficult problem from congress to the department of homeland security of deciding whether to provide extra wage-cutting h-2b contract workers to companies or else to improve job opportunities for trump s blue-collar voters.the new rule helps business groups offset rising pressure for wage increases
"paul ryan nervously giggled during the republican announcement of the budget and obamacare replacement this morning. it s interesting to watch all of the republicans in the video below skip over the elephant in the room by redirecting everyone to other items they consider to be positive. ryan emphasized the funding for border patrol but skipped right over the border wall funding.why does the left bother with  resistance  theatrics when the republican congress funds their entire wish list anyway?is funding the nih (national institutes for health) with 2 billion dollars a good thing? that bloated and very wasteful item needs to be looked at more closely. remember shrimp on a treadmill? drunk monkeys? yes
"real journalism hit washington today! one of our favorite citizen journalists went at the main stream media full force. the video below is what happens when you turn the tables on the press they freak out. they can t handle it. notice how the reporters in the video below are a little shocked when the tables are turned and someone yells a question to them. you ll love the question too! this is a classic!washington   the journalist who scooped the establishment media and unmasked susan rice as a key figure in the obama administration spying scandal turned the tables monday and grilled white house reporters about how they are doing their jobs.or not doing them as soon as press secretary sean spicer concluded his daily briefing and left the room
"police in portland just moved from watching a may day demonstration to calling this a riot:glass bottles and cans are being thrown at police officers and rioters are literally destroying portland antifa is officially out of control arrests are being made and noise grenades were set off by portland police cop cars have been destroyed and firemen are all over the city putting out fires set by the antifa thugs a @portlandpolice car's window smashed by rioters pic.twitter.com/b5hmirwcwn  andrew dymburt (@dymburtnews) may 2
 burning flags [video]"
"senator elizabeth warren must be doing whatever nancy pelosi is doing the very strange comment by warren must require translation because we hope she didn t mean what she said!what is it anyway with the women in the democrat party? pelosi
"washington
"wow! republicans had a chance to stand up to the democrats and fight for the border wall
"bill maher began his interview with the yawn-inducing democrat senator elizabeth warren and the best hope for a presidential candidate in 2020
"here is a bit of the transcript of their discussion via cbs:john dickerson: did president obama give you any advice that was helpful? that you think
"nathan domingo is the founder of  identity europa  and is the guy who was seen by millions of viewers punching a female antifa thug the media tried to portray as a helpless woman that just happened to be in the area when fighting broke out at a free speech rally in berkeley
"for the second time in a matter of weeks
"soros paid protesters who blocked streets and created mass chaos in big cities cashed in before the election of president trump. for the most part
"climate march s are happening all over america. many of the same groups like antifa who turned out to burn
"president trump skipped the white house correspondents dinner to hold a rally in harrisburg
"president trump skipped the white house correspondents dinner to hold a rally in harrisburg
"climate change is full of lefty lingo but this guy takes it to a whole new level with his fear mongering over what he perceives will happen if the climate changes. you have to feel sorry for people like this does he really believe the bs he s spewing?reporter: juan rosa
"a video of two women fighting in the jetway and a delta pilot smacking one of them was turned over to delta management. they say they are taking the pilot s action  very seriously please watch the video below and tell us what you think about this language alert on this one!a delta air lines pilot smacked a passenger who was fighting with another passenger at the atlanta airport   and it was caught on video.we re told the incident went down sometime on april 21. the plane had just landed and the passengers were leaving the jetway when 2 women started fighting.the pilot appears and tries separating the women. he then grabs one of them by the arm and hits her. the pilot walks away as the women are still on the ground.language alert!a close up of the fight:a representative for delta air lines made a statement regarding a pilot striking a passenger who was fighting with another passenger during deplaning in atlanta
 assaulting police during trump’s inauguration [video]"
"a conservative reporter was brave enough to grab the mic at the climate march and instruct people to yell  bill clinton is a rapist! everybody raise ya fist everybody raise ya fist bill clinton is a rapist bill clinton is a rapistthe crowd wasn t too happy! you ll see in the video below props to jack posobiec! grabbed the mic and trolled the #climatemarch into singing bill clinton is a rapist grabbed the mic and trolled the #climatemarch into singing bill clinton is a rapist pic.twitter.com/e8kszbtd4k  jack posobiec   (@jackposobiec) april 29
"watch as katy tur tries to hilariously convince the audience that the press doesn t have any biases:  if we have any bias
"a few weeks ago
"the woman who wants to be the next democrat candidate for president is doing exactly what democrats do best these days
"state police are searching for fugitive accused of running a million-dollar food stamp scam after they say he cut off his court-ordered gps monitoring bracelet and went on the run just as his high-profile fraud and money laundering trial was set to begin.martin b. santiago
 journalists lives a living hell”"
"campus reform   saturday will mark donald trump s 100th day in office
"william stanford nye or bill nye is an american comedian
"bikers for trump leader chris cox spoke with fox s stuart varney regarding the shut down of ann coulter s speech at the university of california berkeley:the bikers for trump leader chris cox is now ready to take action on the university of california berkeley after conservative commentator ann coulter cancelled her speech on the campus thursday:  we are certainly not looking for a fight  we are here on the defense
"laura ingraham and sean hannity are hysterical! during an interview about free speech
"because what s funnier than tying up the lines for parents who ve lost children to violent crimes by someone who entered our country illegally? kate steinle s parents are probably not laughing.the centrepiece is a new hotline that victims can call for support and assistance. it was set up under the authority of an executive order on immigration from president trump in january.people began making clear exactly what people should not be using the line for.but others noted the hotline was launched on alien day (a yearly promotional day backed by the alien film franchise s producers).and soon
"tim poole is citizen journalist who s done some really important work exposing antifa
"typical! the new york times tries to blame conservatives for the violence totally caused by the antifa thugs. why does this not surprise us? leave it to the left to twist and turn the truth to fit their narrative.the new york times wrote:  conservatives are eagerly putting themselves into volatile situations on campuses watch this video and then tell us the conservatives are to blame   no way
"the video below is an excellent summary of what was reported by citizen journalists who attended the rally. gavin mcginnis made his announcement on twitter with a youtube video (language warning):the morons have arrived. #berkeleyprotest #deportantifa pic.twitter.com/li4pqa4zlg  the columbia bugle (@columbiabugle) april 27
"the mayor of new orleans is being evasive on who funded the removal of 4 statues in the heart of the city. he s also not responding to questions on when the remaining 3 statues will be taken down and what he plans on doing with them.who is funding the removal? shouldn t the citizens know? do the citizens of new orleans not have a say in any of this?here s the latest:new orleans   just hours after crews working for the city of new orleans removed the liberty place monument
"tucker carlson took on yvette felarca
"from hanlon s piece in the new republic:rejecting campus speakers is not an assault on free speech. rather
"in fact
"austria s president really said this! during a talk with students
 black privilege is being able to take pride in your race without fear of persecution. watch:
 
" the protesters win by scaring people into silence which is known in the law as  the heckler s veto.  when the hecklers scream so loudly
"the irony in this entire cancellation of a tradition in portland
"the trump administration had proposed $1 billion for the wall in a spending bill
"it s a sad day in america when we allow the left to destroy american history the mayor of new orleans wanted treasured cultural monuments removed and he got what he wished for at the expense of the citizens of the city: we will no longer allow the confederacy to literally be put on a pedestal in the heart of our city.    new orleans mayor mitch landrieuthe city of new orleans removed the first of four confederate monuments this morning in an effort to appease those who believe the monuments represent racism or pretty much anything else they object to. by erasing our past
"a group called  people s action  just held their big gathering in washington
"in 2015
"here we go again! another activist judge has shut down an effort by president trump to protect americans a president s #1 job!how do we know judge orrick of california is an activist? well
"now one unlikely senator is about to put forth a bill
"nancy pelosi s latest claim is over the top:in a conference call with reporters
"twisted reasoning is all that comes from pelosi these days especially when in 2006 most prominent democrats voted to build a barrier at the border.fred davis and john ladd are two arizona ranchers who were guests on fox and friends this morning. as ranchers who are living and making a living on our us-mexico border
"she s no stranger to nasty women in america who can t seem to get past their hate for her father to see that ivanka trump is a passionate advocate for women and a strong role model for working women raising a family. ivanka is an incredibly hard working woman who is very accomplished. she s everything the so-called  feminist movement  should be celebrating
"former white house press secretary josh earnest said monday that there were some  clear red lines  that would cause former president obama to speak out publicly against federal action.in an interview
 and when it does…i think you’re going to be shaken” [listen]"
"what a shocker! a cnn panel rips on tom perez for his profanity laden speeches they turn it on trump but it s really interesting that they even questioned this so-called strategy: just in case you haven t heard perez speak:dnc chair tom perez was on msnbc (video below) to answer to critics who didn t like his nasty speech last week.he appeared at an event held by new jersey working families alliance
"thank you sean hannity for hitting back at the latest woman to claim harassment! hannity released a statement and spoke out on his show last night (video below) about blogger debbie schlussel s attempt to charge him with sexual harassment and it s dead on!sean hannity s statement: let me be clear   the comments about me on a radio show this week by this individual are 100% false and a complete fabrication.this individual is a serial harasser who has been lying about me for well over a decade. the individual has a history of making provably false statements against me in an effort to slander
"watch this video compilation where trump makes his stance on man-made global climate change very clear: as president donald trump contemplates whether to make good on his campaign promise to yank the united states out of the paris climate accord
"during a discussion about sexual harassment charges against fox news host bill o reilly
"it s a sad day in new orleans cultural marxism has won the mayor of new orleans wanted treasured cultural monuments removed and he got what he wished for at the expense of the citizens of the city: we will no longer allow the confederacy to literally be put on a pedestal in the heart of our city.    new orleans mayor mitch landrieuthe city of new orleans removed the first of four confederate monuments this morning in an effort to appease those who believe the monuments represent racism or pretty much anything else they object to. by erasing our past
"former fox anchor alisyn camerota just jumped on the sexual harassment train with stories of roger ailes treating her in a  grossly inappropriate  manner. sour grapes or does she have a case? we think sour grapes clue: when asked what she did about this she said she  just went home if you believe what camerota said in the video above then watch her get called out for her  unbelievable questions  aka lying/spinning: sean spicer runs circles around political hack camerota it gets good around the 3:30 mark i know it s frustrating for you that we re doing it in a logical way
"antifa member
 as country under siege by islamic radicals votes"
"the providence (ri) city council voted thursday to give first passage to the community safety act
"the poll below is why people shouldn t trust polls ever! always look at the sample size and breakdown of the people. are they mostly democrats? this popped up when  top news  was googled. this is fake news that even fox news is reporting today!the lead story this morning from nbc is that trump has hit  historic lows  for a president in the first 100 days false! when we looked a little closer
"judge jeanine lets it rip! she s concerned with the silencing of conservative voices in america: 
"she burst on the scene last august when she upset a 44-year incumbent democrat in the minnesota state primary elections to become the nation s first female muslim state legislator.ilhan omar
"she burst on the scene last august when she upset a 44-year incumbent democrat in the minnesota state primary elections to become the nation s first female muslim state legislator.ilhan omar
"on the eve of the upcoming 2017 white house correspondents dinner
"hollywood actor james woods tweeted about trump s #1 fans diamond and silk today. in his tweet woods asks
"bill o reilly was dismissed overnight from fox news allegedly over allegations of sexual harassment by at least six women. was o reilly ousted from fox news over allegations made by women like the one who is already out promoting herself on tv shows like  the view 
"lauren southern is one tough reporter. she s not afraid to jump into the middle of the fire in order to get the truth out to americans who rely on unreliable leftist sources of information like nyt s
"americans were stunned when they were told the police officers were allegedly told to  stand down  and allow violent antifa and democrat rioters to attack students who came to hear schedule speaker and gay conservative milo yiannopolous at berkeley college in february. it turns out that the mayor who was accused of telling the police to stand down may have had a motive for allowing conservatives to be threatened and physically harmed. here s the description of bamn from their facebook page: bamn   coalition to defend affirmative action
"the alleged genital mutilations were not performed by dr. nagarwala at the henry ford hospital in dearborn
 we’re coming for you!”"
"united states universities are obsessed with hiring politically correct professors through mandatory  diversity statements
 says border wall is “expression of hate”…gets destroyed by tucker [video]"
"democrats are having a tough week. first their golden boy jon ossoff wasn t able to pull off an upset in the george special election to replace rep. tom price in a  red-leaning  district
"it is difficult to exaggerate the significance of fox news sacking of bill o reilly.not only was he the single most dominant public figure in america s vast conservative media environment
"the last accuser who could have been the nail in the coffin for bill o reilly spoke on the view about her sexual harassment lawsuit. perquita burgess and her lawyer were on the view for their 15 minutes of fame. attorney lisa bloom should know better than to send her client on to speak out about her allegations. lisa bloom has a track record as a high profile lawyer for cases like this she should know better but it could be that she s trying to gain sympathy for her client.please listen to the video and let us know what you think about what she said and about sexual harassment in the workplace:o reilly settled with other women over sexual harassment but how do we know if any of them has any credibility? how does a man protect himself from such charges?if this could be brought up on charges
 says trump’s win was”gut-wrenching” [video]"
"ted nugent is all smiles
 i spent days just weeping”"
"fox business news host stuart varney makes no secret about the fact that he s a huge president trump fan. he breaks into his show today so everyone can witness the signing of a bill by president trump that will give our brave veterans the ability to receive care from the private sector. this should have been done a long time ago
"here s cnn s tweet with pictures comparing obama s super bowl event to president trump s:photos on social media appear to show a difference in the new england patriots' turnout at the white house vs. 2015  pic.twitter.com/ww5mcd2mwj  cnn (@cnn) april 20
"rep. keith ellison (d-mn) said that president obama bore some of the blame for democrats  spectacular collapse in the 2016 election at an event at the university of minnesota wednesday.ellison was quick to say that he voted for every radical piece of legislature that barack obama pushed for
"the birthplace of free speech is now officially a place of oppression berkeley students came together to shut down the free speech rights of gay
"in an outdoor ceremony to celebrate the super bowl champ new england patriots
 advances…evidence of “smear campaign” by “far-left” has been uncovered"
"a disrespectful teacher at sherman jr senior high school in west virginia wore a  tuck frump  jacket during classes. a student s picture went viral.we re just wondering why this teacher wasn t fired on the spot! she s promoting her political beliefs in school and disrespecting our president with a twist on profanity. not funny and not cute no matter how short the time was that she wore the jacket her excuse doesn t fly.what say you?boone county
"it s interesting that a lighthearted moment like the one below could cause such anger and outrage from the left!rob gronkowksi popped into today s white house press briefing to ask sean spicer if he needed any help. spicer
 hollywood influence couldn’t put georgia’s 6th district democrat candidate in “win” column [video]"
"more fake news pushing a leftist agenda if you read the usa today report of juan manuel montes being deported you might believe their headline:  first protected dreamer deported under trump usa today reported tuesday that an illegal immigrant protected by barack obama s amnesty was deported in february after spending an evening with his girlfriend. however
"just when everyone thought the  crazy fat kid couldn t get any crazier! this has to be the funniest thing we ve seen in a long time don t think about asking your barber for  the kim jong un  in north korea.north koreans can choose between 15 sanctioned hairdos   none of which appear to include their leader s signature swept-back style.twitter user mika m kel inen shares an image board with 15 different snappy styles men are allowed to choose from when they visit their barber in n. korea.north korean men can choose between 15 approved haircut styles. i had the most popular one   and it's not like kim jong un. #ylemaailmalla pic.twitter.com/bvdcrgqg7r  mika m kel inen (@mikareport) april 14
"the setting for this episode is yale university
"mi
"sandy springs
"a united nations employee was busted for robbing four manhattan banks   all during his lunch hour
"radical democratic chair tom perez was being interviewed by msnbc s joy reid about what democrats need to do to ensure they win more seats in congress. joy reid asked her viewers
enjoy:
"yesterday
 after using easter speech to brag about all of their accomplishments [video]"
"is it simply pandering for votes
 democrats
"watch well-organized anti-trump terrorists pull individual trump supporters into their crowd
"a conservation group and democrat congressman have filed a lawsuit to demanding an environmental study is performed before   construction of trump s wall on the border between the us and mexico. biologist jeff corwin paid a visit to msnbc to breathlessly warn viewers about the dangers of the wall president trump plans to build on the texas-mexico border national security purposes. he warned viewers of the  unprecedented environmental catastrophic  consequences trump s wall on wildlife. the msnbc host responds to his highly dramatic warning by asking drama queen jeff crowin
"the berkeley
 hey
"pepsi got hammered by just about everyone for their lame attempt at glamorizing anti-trump and black lives matter violent protesters in an ad campaign with kendall jenner that made protesters look like they popped off the pages of a j. crew magazine for a party/protest.here s the pepsi ad:the marketing team for pepsi really needs to review the actual footage of these violent antifa and soros-funded democrat thugs
"watch these two stunning interviews
"war veteran johnny  joey  jones praised president trump for dropping the  mother of all bombs  on isis
"first lady melania trump visits homesafe
"you ll never guess which mainstream tv network is right around the corner from this operation! illegal  refugees  are flooding the 49th parallel from all over america to illegally cross into canada. according to rebel media s report
"it s been a bumpy pr ride for united airlines
"the notoriously violent ms-13 street gang
"who knew former cnn anchor piers morgan would criticize msnbc s chris matthews! matthews keeps comparing the trump family to the former royal family of russia the romanovs.it s not just one passing comment but several! the russian royal family lived a lavish life before being lined up and shot by the incoming communists. it s a horrific story and matthews keeps comparing the trumps to the tragic royal family. liberal lunacy!morgan ripped into the lunacy of the matthews theory about trump:  we re expected to believe that donald trump and vladimir putin get together
"dallas cowboys star wide receiver dez bryant took to instagram monday to express his thoughts on who s to blame for the plight of the black people in america. first and foremost
"here s the original post by the washington post:it s now illegal in russia to share an image of putin as a gay clown   washington post (@washingtonpost) april 5
"is disney officially admitting they re in the business of indoctrinating our children to become good little progressives? for anyone who says this book has nothing to do with disney or their philosophy
 mi hospital arrested
"when will government officials who allowed this nightmare to grow like a cancer in sweden be held accountable? breitbart  two asylum seekers who are on trial for raping a swedish girl and streaming the ordeal live on facebook will not face deportation back to their home countries.the asylum seekers directly involved in the rape
 mi mayor forced to remove “sanctuary city” status after mi residents hammer him for arrogant announcement on tucker carlson [video]"
"and we wonder how we keep producing snowflakes? you know
"the failed presidential candidate attacked her aides with a  potent mix of exhaustion and exasperation  after the embarrassing loss to her rival bernie sanders in march last year.clinton s top staff said she was  visibly
 i’m not going…i’m staying right here…i tell you…make a lawsuit against united airlines”"
"embattled fox news host bill o reilly announced on tuesday that he will be going off the air for almost two weeks
"border patrol council president brandon judd was  on varney and co. this morning after news hit that paul ryan would cave and not put funding for the border wall in the budget this year. he wasn t too happy about this news.paul ryan and the washington establishment continue to put up roadblocks to the trump agenda. this is outrageous!the strange thing is that there are reports that the wall will begin in san diego and that construction is set to start: president trump s proposed wall with mexico will kick off in the san diego border community of otay mesa
"is it possible the  good  dr. dao was simply setting himself up to be the benefactor of a massive lawsuit against united airlines?  you be the judge first underreported fact:initially
"melania trump just accepted damages of approximately $3 million  from daily mail after they published a smut article claiming she prostituted herself during her modeling career. the  false and defamatory claims  got the left-leaning tabloid in hot water when they couldn t produce evidence.the daily mail has been anti-trump from the beginning. they often publish inflammatory and false articles on trump
"a belgian psychologist and mother-of-one who worked with asylum seekers facing deportation has been named as the latest victim of friday s jihadi atrocity in stockholm.males dereymaeker
"remember when valerie jarrett signed with a hollywood talent agency? well
"salisbury city councilwoman april jackson posted a facebook status last thursday proclaiming that president trump is  retarded. ya lls president is retarded ..he s far pass the holly center
"a texas federal judge appointed by obama has again rejected the 2011 texas voter id law
"justice ruth bader ginsburg erroneously labeled south carolina sen. lindsey graham as one of the  women of the senate  on monday.ginsburg s misstatement came in her remarks upon accepting an allegheny college award given to her and the late justice antonin scalia for civility in public life. hours after justice neil gorsuch was sworn in to replace scalia
"in case you haven t heard
"between hollywood and our elected officials
 two others"
 war-hawk john mccain blames president trump for syrian chemical attack [video]"
"but o donnell told joy reid on msnbc s  am joy  on sunday that if they sue walsh
"a refugee from ghana has been arrested for dragging a young woman from her tent and raping her while she was on a camping holiday with her boyfriend.the young couple were on a camping trip in the siegaue nature reserve
"neil m. gorsuch joins the supreme court just in time to cast potentially significant votes in cases that pit religious liberty against gay rights
"hammer attacks have been happening way too often lately.  honestly
"the truth about the air strike on syria.share:  pic.twitter.com/eoejpeb5w7  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) april 8
"this is so ironic! crazed leftists with an anti-trump agenda had a hard time relating to reason from a syrian refugee who actually has skin in the game. they claim to be speaking to protect this guy and other syrians
"omarosa manigault
"conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of seth rich. they reached a new frenzy after the hacking of dnc e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman
"the speech he gave to a sold out crowd on saturday is epic. we often listen to it to get fired up about bringing down the commies currently trying to destroy america. it s truly epic! the speech that breitbart is best known for is his cpac speech:the complaint
"in 2013
"watch:good thing we don't have govt-controlled media in this country pic.twitter.com/flkt9lqza6  adam h. johnson (@adamjohnsonnyc) april 7
"a producer at the women in the world event had an awkward moment on thursday night when he was caught in the spotlight while leading hillary clinton onto the stage.the backstage producer could be seen with his hand on clinton s back leading her onto the stage and pointing her in which direction to walk to get to her position.hillary gingerly walking across the stage to greet samantha bee
 
"an elderly jewish woman living in paris was not even safe in her own apartment from a muslim man who scaled the wall of her apartment and violently murdered her. while the authorities have not yet named the motive
"leaked documents from george soros  open society foundations reveal how soros works to defeat populist candidates and movements in europe.soros
"here are a few facts:sexual violence in germany has reached epidemic proportions since chancellor angela merkel allowed into the country more than one million mostly male migrants from africa
 begs for help as she holds on to window of high-rise apartment by one knuckle…boss films her fall [video]"
 michelle obama…but we have pictures that tell a different story"
 his car
"a muslim teenager from new jersey was accepted to the prestigious stanford university after he wrote  #blacklivesmatter  a hundred times on his college application.ziad ahmed
"watch the fascinating analysis of rice s body language here:the latest news from the daily caller proves that susan rice was lying in her pbs interview:former president barack obama s national security adviser susan rice ordered u.s. spy agencies to produce  detailed spreadsheets  of legal phone calls involving donald trump and his aides when he was running for president
"dems
"watch: susan rice insists  i leaked nothing to nobody    msnbc (@msnbc) april 4
"with senate republicans poised to use the  nuclear option  to confirm supreme court nominee neil gorsuch
"the most laughable  news  network in america just proved how unreliable they are when it comes to honestly covering the news. cnn s leftist propagandist host don lemon actually told viewers they would not be covering the most important story in the news because fake news publication  the washington post  says
"during her tuesday interview with msnbc s andrea mitchell
"here s a special public service announcement created to silence the angry
"while obama hangs out in tahiti
"intelligence sources said the logs discovered by national security council staff suggested rice s interest in the nsa materials
"a pair of high school students who take classes at suny oswego via a specialized program are upset at an assignment their  principles of literary representation  class received: defend hitler s final solution.citi/boces new vision program teacher michael denobile handed out a  top secret memorandum  to the class  addressed to senior nazi party members.  it asked students  to put themselves in the shoes of adolf hitler s top aides
"watch these hilarious examples of cnn having reckless disregard for facts when they interview a fake police chief
"white house lawyers last month learned that the former national security adviser susan rice requested the identities of u.s. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the donald trump transition and campaign
"a former marine and his wife woke up one morning to find the burned remains of an american flag that once flew outside their arizona home.brian ellison was pulling out of the driveway to go to work wednesday morning when he noticed the charred shreds of red
" last week the commerce department released its third revision for fourth-quarter 2016 gross domestic product. the number came in at a paltry 2.1 percent
"as father and son comedy writers and liberal activists carl reiner and rob reiner appeared as guests on friday s tavis smiley show on pbs
"when a group of imams tried to bring a form of  shariah light  to texas
"assuming all republicans support gorsuch
"female muslim professor says rape is an acceptable form of humiliation: the female prisoners of wars are  those whom you own.  in order to humiliate them
 
"a battle for  mankind  is taking place inside a northern arizona university classroom. an english major at nau contacted an educational watchdog this week after she was penalized for refusing to use a gender-neutral term in lieu of  mankind.  a follow-up email by dr. anne scott said that anyone who does not abide by the  letter or spirit  of the class must be docked for their decision. included with class rules were several examples of what was and wasn t ok to use
 close friend of reince preibus
"a drexel university professor   who said he wanted to  vomit  after he saw an airline passenger give their first-class seat to a u.s. soldier   engaged in a heated debate tonight with tucker carlson.watch: george ciccariello-maher argued that it s  irresponsible  to blindly support wars that lead to the deaths of americans and foreign civilians
 
" a society can be judged by how it deals with its most vulnerable: the aged
"two new jersey mothers appeared on the tucker carlson show to explain why they re upset about islamic propaganda being taught at their sons  chatam
"fbi director james comey wanted to go public with information about russia s interference in the 2016 election as early as last summer but was reportedly barred from doing so by the obama administration.according to newsweek sources
"the funny thing is
"a long-time aide to hillary clinton sought to map out her funeral   and bill clinton s   in 2010 because  planning is best done when they are still with us
"accidents are bound to happen when democrats become so comfortable with their allies in the liberal media that they forget they re on tv
"trump commented about it during the reception: hopefully it ll start being bipartisan. because everybody really wants the same thing: we want greatness for this country that we love chuck schumer was at the event with a smirk on his face peach of a guy
"the hoke county school school system defended its policy in a statement and said it would  not tolerate assaults
"sen. dick durbin (d.
"the woman in the video isn t swedish
 
 jared kushner to saddam hussein’s murderous
"freedom daily   the wounded warrior project (wwp) has been helping injured veterans since its inception in 2003
 woman punched in head
"things got tense sunday on 60 minutes as cbs evening news anchor scott pelley squared off with prominent trump supporter mike cernovich.as part of a segment on fake news
000 refugees…questioned why schultz ignored obama’s travel ban [video]"
"president obama s white house press secretary spokes liar josh earnest has joined nbc news as a political analyst.nbc announced the addition of obama s spokesliar to their lineup in a memo form nbc news president noah oppenheim and msnbc president phil griffin:we are pleased to announce that josh earnest will join nbc news and msnbc as a political analyst. as you may have seen
 
"if you want to call me a hack
 
"trump is off and running now
"this picture is representative of the violence americans witnessed last year after former president obama made it clear (through his silence) to americans and to illegal aliens that it was acceptable to violently attack american citizens who held an opposing political view:this picture represents a post-obama america
" donald trump wanted to win
"senator elizabeth warren took to twitter to cheer the failure of the republicans first attempt at replacing the disastrous obamacare. she went on to lie to her followers saying she wasn t doing a  touchdown dance  as long as  the gop is still hell-bent on rigging the system for the rich and powerful. but i'm not doing a touchdown dance today. not when the gop is still hell-bent on rigging the system for the rich & powerful.  elizabeth warren (@senwarren) march 24
"in light of republican failure to pass the american health care act
 as masked antifa cowards wage war on trump supporters [video]"
"the huntington beach
 
 
 
"new mexico led all states with 72 percent of the babies born there in 2015 having their births covered by medicaid.arkansas ranked second with 67 percent; louisiana ranked third with 65 percent; and three states mississippi
"karma it seems to be biting a lot of anti-trump libs pretty hard in the a*s lately a movie is in the works about hillary clinton and her amazing  criminal life
 convicted palestinian terrorist stripped of u.s. citizenship…will be deported"

"republican congressional investigators expect a potential  smoking gun  establishing that the obama administration spied on the trump transition team
 
 another woman"
 
"the terrorist who killed three people and injured dozens in westminster on wednesday was a married 52-year-old living with his family in an inner city suburb of birmingham
 knives drives into busy shopping area at high speed [video]"
"the london terror attack was a horrific scene with injured bodies strewn everywhere after a vehicle plowed into pedestrians on the westminster bridge. while some simply walked by bodies on the street
"nunes dropped a bombshell that obama admin spied on trump.london attack claimed lives of 5 people. wounded 40.meanwhile on cnn:  you thought this was a joke
 
000 british muslims downloaded a terrorist magazine last year…these people are waging war on us!” [video]"
"house intelligence committee chairman rep. devin nunes (r.
"mere months after being on the receiving end of one of the most stunning losses in presidential election history
[vc_row][vc_column width= 1/1 ][td_block_trending_now limit= 5 ][td_block_big_grid sort= featured ][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row] [vc_column width= 2/3 ][td_block_5 limit= 24  custom_title= hot off the press!  td_filter_default_txt= all  ajax_pagination= load_more  border_top= no_border_top ] [/vc_column][vc_column width= 1/3 ][vc_widget_sidebar sidebar_id= td-default ][/vc_column] [/vc_row][vc_row][vc_column width= 1/1 ][td_block_14 limit= 3  custom_title= even more news  td_filter_default_txt= all  ajax_pagination= next_prev  header_color= #288abf ][/vc_column] [/vc_row]
 as a former bleeding heart liberal” [video]"
 
"a class-action lawsuit against the first daughter s company has been filed by san francisco-based retailer modern appealing clothing. although ivanka trump has distanced herself from her namesake brand
"tom hanks
"professor olga cox
"could it be that expert bomb maker ibrahim al-asiri is trying to use an electronic device to take down a jet?ibrahim al-asiri has a long track record of bombing including trying to blow up a detroit-bound jet using explosives in underwear. remember that? the underwear bomber was thankfully caught but these people are constantly trying to discover new ways to terrorize people.advanced bomb-making techniques
"president @realdonaldtrump:  i inherited a mess. it s a mess.   pic.twitter.com/fnropdah8a  fox news (@foxnews) february 16
 duh! transgender wins international women’s weightlifting title"
 says she’s always been “pro-choice”…oops!…video emerges of lahren calling pro-choicer’s “straight up baby killers” only 3 months ago"
 
 
"a menacing donald trump is gazing down on phoenix s grand avenue.the president is flanked by mushroom clouds and swastikas configured like dollar signs. i think a lot of people are feeling this way and i m just trying to express what i think is on a lot of people s minds these days
"whether from incompetence or malice
000 refugees backfires"
 liberal tourists not happy! american spring breakers chant “build that wall!” in cancun
"enough is enough. americans need to start making business owners and their employees pay up for discriminating against them simply because they dare to show their support for our president. good for this trump supporter for fighting back against the intolerant left. a lot of americans would be happy to contribute to his legal defense bartenders at a west village hot spot served up discrimination   with a liberal twist   refusing to serve a customer because he was wearing a  make america great again  hat
 liberal elites’ [video]"
"below is the comment in red that moveon.org put up before the video. notice how they say nothing about the budget but just state that the program helps people. they re clearly fear mongering with vague information and no facts. if you would like to go to the post on facebook and hammer them with the statement below that s directly from meals on wheels
"a judge has refused to toss out a federal lawsuit against the city of san jose
 cut
 democrats
"during a meeting of the welsh members of the parliament
"msnbc host asks congressman ted leiu
 
"here s what politico s headline today looked like:here s what the leftist anti-american rag politico had to say about angela merkel s visit to the us to meet with our new president donald trump: this time the media hype surrounding a white house meeting is no wild exaggeration. when president donald trump and german chancellor angela merkel finally get together on friday
"barack obama and the democrat party were laser focused on opening the immigrant floodgates for 8 years. they re the first ones to cry when president trump mentions budget cuts to schools and programs for the elderly
" well
"veteran democratic operative donna brazile finally admitted that she used her former position as a cnn commentator to relay questions ahead of debates to hillary clinton during the democratic primary.for months
"a warning shot has been fired at north korea by the trump administration. there s a new sheriff in town and north korea s crazy little dictator may need to rethink his antagonistic behavior. he may be poking the wrong tiger secretary of state rex tillerson said friday it may be necessary to take pre-emptive military action against north korea if the threat from their weapons program reaches a level  that we believe requires action. tillerson outlined a tougher strategy to confront north korea s nuclear threat after visiting the world s most heavily armed border near the tense buffer zone between the rival koreas. he also closed the door on talks with pyongyang unless it denuclearizes and gives up its weapons of mass destruction.  chicago tribunethe us navy seal team that killed osama bin laden is reportedly set to join military training drills against north korea for the first time.along with other elite us units including the army rangers
"a laptop computer containing floor plans for trump tower
"the blood is on deblasio s hands! career criminals are walking the streets with a violent history and  sealed  arrest records. that is proof that the administration is not doing what is best for the civilian population. is he an illegal being protected by politicians who support sanctuary cities?this mother of 5 deserves answers:  the body of fdny emt yadira arroyo being carried into the medical examiner s office by fellow fdny emt s:the body of fdny emt yadira arroyo being carried into the medical examiner office by fellow fdny emt s. pic.twitter.com/hwxgu2mvt0  bmr breaking news (@bmrbreakingnews) march 17
"with a growing number of muslim refugees and immigrants living in america who are strict adherents of sharia law

"a russian bank has reported to u.s. authorities that mysterious communications resumed recently between one of its computers and an email server tied to president trump s business empire
 you will die!” [video]"
 leftist propaganda public broadcasting corp."
 
 break his bones
"michigan born and raised rock phenom kid rock is a big fan of president trump and he s not afraid to admit it. i m proud to say robert ritchie
"so rachel
"the ceo wrote an article delving into some of the questions on the test and why he s doing this: it s 30 short-answer and essay-style questions that help us to really get to know a candidate. we want to get in their heads. see how they apply logic and reason to different scenarios. see what makes them tick. see if they d be a good fit for our culture. among those questions? outside of standard benefits
 preaches equality [video]"
"is van jones on trump s payroll yet or is he just tired of being on the party of losers? van jones appeared on cnn s anderson cooper show last night and mocked the ridiculous attempt by rabid leftist msnbc host rachel maddow to embarrass president trump as part of her jihad on the president.after laughing about all the hype
 shut up!” [video]"
 
"here s maddow s tweet announcing her  bombshell  revelation on her show:breaking: we've got trump tax returns. tonight
 jr: “holy sh*t!” [video]"
 after she announces bombshell release of trump taxes on tonight’s show"
 you might want to rethink that felony."
"two weeks ago at middlebury college
"judge napolitano was on fox & friends this morning discussing the obama administration s efforts to spy on donald trump. three intel sources have disclosed to the network that obama went to british intelligence to get the goods on trump
" it s not something i ve seen in my career here in law enforcement
 
"president trump s administration has told the state department to cut more than 50 percent of u.s. funding to united nations programs
"fox news  catherine herridge exposes the dirty tactics of barack obama and his secretive efforts to undermine president trump no ex-potus in 100 yrs has set up a #shadowgovernment & gone to such length to undermine his successor #obamagate #arrestobama #vault7 pic.twitter.com/dujnd1xxei  brian fraser (@bfraser747) march 12
watch the hypocrisy in action:
 obama-fanboy snoop dogg uses gun to assassinate president trump in new video"
"kellyanne conway responded to a new york times article that actually claimed conway is being unfairly attacked by the media because she s a woman. during the interview with howard kurtz of fox news
"(from cnn) new video captured hours before michael brown was killed shows the 18-year-old exchanging marijuana for cigarillos with the clerks of a ferguson
read more: daily mail
 
 outspoken geert wilders is being called “the dutch trump”…why his plan to de-islamize the netherlands is resonating with voters"
"watch:flashback: when bill clinton had 93 out of 94 u.s. attorneys fired in one day. cnn didn t say a word..#peoplepower  preet bharara  pic.twitter.com/elupjy42mk  tennessee (@ten_gop) march 12
" farmers and ranchers are being run off their own property by armed terrorists  in texas
 protest
"here s why we couldn t be happier! preet bharara was the same attorney who brought charges against conservative activist and author
"julian assange became a computer hacker in his teen years. assange got married when he was 18 and has a son. he and his wife separated and in 1999
 beaten or victims of sexual abuse"
"kyle s own words:  so for those of you who don t know
compare the us debt burden under former president obama that was increased by more than $320 billion after his inauguration through march 8th 2009. here s the chart for comparison:via: gateway pundit
" who is silencing political speech
 helping minorities or women [video]"
 
"when you consider the stunning ways students are wasting their student loan money that should be going towards their education
 you mattered a lot more” [video]"
".@judgenap: samsung allowed british intelligence to spy on americans through their televisions pic.twitter.com/khknt0s8ar  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) march 9
"federal lawmakers are investigating how a former iraqi insurgent fighter was able to lie about his identity and still get through america s  extreme  vetting process.the senate homeland security and governmental affairs committee has asked attorney general jeff sessions to find out why the terror suspect s pending arrest was allegedly spiked just over a week before the election. trump had run on a tough-on-terror platform and had been critical of president obama s refugee policy. when [joint terrorism task force] and the u.s. attorney s office for the western district of texas sought to prosecute this refugee
we hope these women realize they were being used by george soros and other leftists to protest trump instead of to celebrate women!
"a court in ohio sentenced an environmental activist to six months in jail after pleading guilty to 13 felony counts of voter fraud.rebecca hammonds faced 35 counts of falsely registering people to vote and forging signatures on voter registration forms.  political insiderhammonds was a paid canvasser for the ohio organizing collaborative (ooc)
"cnn commentator van jones stood by his praise of president trump on cnn s new day wednesday. after trump s joint address to congress
"on march 6
"watch the local news report as they explain what happened in minnesota s state capitol located in st. paul:the youngest son of u.s. sen. tim kaine
"house republicans leaders on monday embraced a legislative plan to replace the affordable care act for the first time in the nearly seven years since democrats enacted the transformative health-insurance law.now
"ivanka trump s eponymous women s fashion line is reporting record sales figures despite calls for a boycott and controversies surrounding president trump. since the beginning of february
"liberal delaware sen. chris coons caused a stir last week when he indicated during a televised interview that yet-undisclosed transcripts of recorded phone conversations conclusively prove that elements of the trump campaign explicitly colluded with the russian government during the 2016 presidential election. yet widely-circulated  bombshell  reports from the new york times and cnn in recent weeks quoted sources who had no choice but to underline that there is no evidence of such coordination
"sounds like a great deal
 media mocked betsy devos for suggesting schools may need guns to protect against bears?…look what just happened!"
 
"here is  base stick-man s  speech to other trump supporters explaining why he s wearing a gas mask and carrying a stick with an american flag attached to the top. ***language warning***here s a short video showing  base stick man  in action
 
"here s the background:on january 11
 
"hey mainstream media when are you going to take a break from manufacturing news about a trump connection to russians and actually report on the billions of us taxpayer dollars obama gave to leftist organizations via of all places
"fox and friends spoke with tucker carlson this morning about allegations president trump made on twitter over the weekend about obama wiretapping trump towers prior to the election.steve doocy asked tucker what he thinks about the trump allegations of wiretapping by barack obama. carlson responds by saying
 very powerful” database in place…”will have information about everything…on every individual in ways that it’s never been done before” [video]"
"wikileaks founder julian assange reminded us in a tweet that former president obama had a real penchant for wire tapping and/or hacking conversations of world leaders
" i m a political refugee from iran. i ve been to prison. i ve been under islamic law. and i know how it starts
"the top democrat in the senate
"washington dc   foreigners aiming for temporary jobs at high-tech u.s. companies will undergo a longer visa approval process after the trump administration announced it will temporarily suspend expedited applications for h-1b visas.the u.s. citizenship and immigration services (uscis) said on friday that starting april 3 it will suspend  premium processing  for up to six months. under this expedited procedure
 
 anti-american democrat party"
 
"thank you to the american mirror for putting this video together showing nancy s very bad week.nancy pelosi is apparently the best leadership democrats have to offer america
"the antifa anarchists are in all black:woman interviewed who has not clue why she s protesting    i m a friendly anarchist    i hate capitalism ambulance trying to get to trump supporter hit in the head:antifa anarchists chase and attack trump supporters:fighting is spreading to the streets in berkeley. this isn t a trump rally anymore. it s the anarchists. pic.twitter.com/cfiu7akcsx  lizzie johnson (@lizziejohnsonnn) march 4
"the attorney representing the illegal aliens who were arrested alleges that
 some have died…we did this before…we can do this again!”"
"an indian athlete who overcame a visa denial with the help of u.s. lawmakers and a local mayor to attend the world snowshoe championship in new york has been arrested on charges of the abuse of a minor.it was a long journey for indian snowshoe champion hussain and his coach to the world snowshoe championships in saranac lake
"president trump on saturday claimed president obama had his  wires tapped  in trump tower before election day
 destroyed 25 yr. marriage says trump has too much “baggage”…. quits celebrity apprentice"
" pelosi claims to have not had a meeting with the russian ambassador:pelosi with the ambassador in 2010: pelosi had her spokesperson make a statement after twitter comments about the photo came out: leader pelosi s answer to the question today was clearly about private
"according to the new yorker
 it’s not “good for the country to have a former president undermine a current president”"
"the media and the democrat party has been coming down pretty hard on president trump for not doing enough to call out the rise of hateful anti-semitism

"the cash flows through the state department and the famously corrupt u.s. agency of international development (usaid)
"cnn s president jeff zucker has dictated questions that are unfavorable of president donald trump to his anchors while they are live on set
 al gore and bono just got exactly what they deserve…and it’s glorious! [video]"
"here is the screen shot we took of his vile and hateful tweet just before he deleted his account on twitter:we also took a screen shot of his profile before he deleted it
"watch: fox news' catherine herridge has the latest on ag jeff sessions and russia.  pic.twitter.com/i0djb4vszb  fox news (@foxnews) march 2
 take down police chief"
" advocates for big government and progressive power are using the justice department to extort money from corporations. it s a shakedown. it s corrupt
"obama can be seen addressing a crowd about religion and the role it plays in our lives and in politics. the most interesting line comes at the beginning of the video when he tells the crowd america is no longer a christian nation:  we are no longer a christian nation. at least not  just ! which passages of scripture should guide our public policy?   at some fundamental level
"barack obama is turning his new home in the posh kalorama section of the nation s capital   just two miles away from the white house   into the nerve center of the mounting insurgency against his successor
"the grieving daughter in law of vice president joe biden has formed a relationship with hunter biden
"here s chris matthews attacking trump s speech and his acknowledgment of ryan owens  widow last night. matthews can be seen along with fellow msnb host rachel maddow demanding that trump take responsibility for the death of navy seal ryan owens. no such demand was ever made of barack obama or hillary clinton by her friends in the press (fake media):so lets take a closer look at obama s war legacy
"van jones praised president trump for honoring the widow of a navy seal killed during a raid in yemen
 obama supporter mocks ryan owens’ widow carryn for “standing there and clapping like an idiot”"
"it was just announced today that the obama s are in the middle of a bidding war by publishers for their memoirs.the rights for barack and michelle obama s memoirs will sell for at least $60 million
 parents of children murdered by illegal aliens
 immigrants in schools"
"ohio secretary of state jon husted announced an investigation has uncovered that hundreds of non-us citizens are registered to vote in the state
"in a sit-down interview with fox and friends
 obamacare
 
 obama group planning to infiltrate
 
"liberals on twitter just can t find enough reasons to hate trump or anyone connected to him. tonight
"hardcore
"two law enforcement officials from the utah resort area of park city drew cheers from a large crowd with their promises not to let officers help federal immigration officials apprehend people living in the u.s. without proper documents.summit county sheriff justin martinez and park city police chief wade carpenter told about 300 people thursday in summitville that they won t agree to deputize officers to carry out federal operations
"the video begins with a clearly agitated pro-illegal alien female approaching trump supporters. after a few of the agitators who were part of her group began to act in a hostile and threatening manner
"the fast food industry has been warning those demanding a $15/hr. wage that they could be easily replaced.in the social sciences
could this be a little bit of karma coming back after the nasty comments about president trump?
"but that s another story make a sub-standard movie win sub-standard prizes.moving on to 2017  who has time to worry about slights against black actors or directors this year
 
"dozens of supporters of us president donald trump rallied on the hollywood boulevard in los angeles
"#merkellegacy pic.twitter.com/wbh5cjj2iw  james woods (@realjameswoods) february 24
"watch joy behar as she hilariously attempts to tie  anti-semitism  to breitbart news while interviewing their senior editor who happens to be an orthodox jew. when behar s attempt to prove that breitbart is an anti-semitic news site
"cosmetics brand lush
"the new york times is set to launch a television ad during the academy awards that seems to heavily target statements made by president donald trump.the 30-second ad

"a progressive group charged saturday that the democratic national committee s reliance on paper ballots in the race for dnc chair raises questions of transparency
 inventor of email announces run against fake indian
"her father is a staunch supporter of life. although her mother was not vocal about it during her conservative husband george w. bush s presidency
"mack beggs
’ i’m going to punch you in the mouth”"
 prominent lawyer alan dershowitz: if dems elect muslim keith ellison to dnc chair
 pledge of allegiance at republican town hall [video]"
"a group of mostly pro-life college students came together in detroit last weekend to stand up for  the most vulnerable among us. they were praying to end abortion when a group of loud
"hey president trump how s that hillary email investigation going? a message from @hillaryclinton: ""let resistance plus persistence equal progress for our party and our country."" #dncfuture pic.twitter.com/smbxqzqfpv  the democrats (@thedemocrats) february 24
"you re gonna love this!the left has been screaming for decades about the government interfering in their right to kill their babies. because after all
"president donald trump returned to cpac on friday
"a u.s. army veteran was recently arrested on charges that he plotted a coordinated terrorist attack on behalf of the islamic state against civilian targets and military installations in kansas city.federal investigators believe robert hester wanted to murder his former military comrades and civilians through a series of bus and train attacks to be carried out on president s day
blow wrote in his article today for the new york times that he has no desire to work with trump voters. he clearly stated that there is no room for compromise with anyone who doesn t agree with him:
"speaking to bbc newsnight in a rare interview
 tells men to use girls restrooms to protest trump"
 liberal meltdown explained in one hilarious poem: “ode to liberal lunacy”"
 then deletes “trump is absolutely right about sweden” article…but oops! it was archived…and we’re happy to share its brutally honest content with you!"
"virginia resident ruddad abdulgader
 i’m a little biased”…” i agree. i think it’s dishonest” [video]"
"cnn went on to trash the amazing james o keefe saying: o keefe
"have you ever had an argument with a liberal who swears on her mother s grave that educators in america don t fill our children s heads with propaganda and liberal lies? here s proof that they re wrong. we found this website listed on a radical leftist facebook page used to recruit activists in the fight against trump. one of their primary focuses in their battle against trump is how to turn kids against him. the google document we reference in this article was created by history educators in oakland
wow! john mccain is leading a vicious campaign against the russian government since the november election.in january mccain suggested the russian  hacking  of the election was an  act of war. sworn donald trump enemy john mccain also admitted to passing a dossier of false claims of a russian blackmail plot against the president-elect to the fbi.but oops! it looks like it wasn t that long ago that senator mccain requested campaign donations from russian officials for his presidential campaign.wikileaks released documents this week following the sudden death of russian un ambassador vitaly churkin.there are several documents wikileaks has on mccain s request for donations from the russians.in 2008 the russian mission released a letter on a fundraising attempt from john mccain.  gpaccording to reddit users john mccain illegally asked for campaign donations from the russian ambassador. (the same ambassador that died suddenly on monday) this globalist shrieks about russian influence while he himself participated in it.the russians told mccain they would not donate to his campaign. 
"borderless travel through europe is dying
 mi city council caves on mega-mosque project in middle of christian neighborhood…council member caught on video admitting mosque is part of “religious war”"
"it s official the inmates are running the asylum a police department in northampton
"tolerance + trust = human bombs for islamic terror.  allahu akbar  dumbasses!  ronald fiddler was paid up to  1
"nbc news handpicked anti-trump tykes for two propaganda videos to make it appear that every child in american thinks pres. trump is an ignorant racist and threat to the country.the video starts out with a blurry picture of president trump (the kind of picture used in political ads by the opponent to make the candidate look bad) and goes downhill from there:not one child in either  dear mr. president: kids talk trump  or  dear mr. president: letters from the american children  says he actually supports trump s efforts to keep america safe from terrorism or stop the influx of illegal aliens.both videos open with smarmy
"a group of lawmakers is planning to request a congressional investigation of a $418 million u.s. weapons sale to kenya approved by the obama administration on its last day in office. the sale
"there is only one way to stop this mosque from being built against the wishes of citizens in this residential area
"the owner of a masonry business in colorado is speaking out about his decision to fire more than 30 employees who did not show up for work in support of last week s  day without immigrants  protest.jim serowski
 cracked jokes after horrible lie obama’s national security advisor told media
 
 anti-israel
"on saturday
 
"over a century ago
"watch naacp s cornell william brooks
"you will love
 told him to “take his hat off”…his response to her was epic!"
"everyone laughing after trump rebranded cnn as #veryfakenews. then they go on their networks saying how ""dangerous"" and ""not funny"" it was   pic.twitter.com/d3iiavh5vl  asa j   (@asamjulian) february 17
 including inmates should get free tuition
"wow! this young asian student nails it! he speaks for every american who has been a victim of obama s failed government experiment. the left has turned our world upside down and many people in america believe that we are very close to a civil war. this brilliant young asian student warns the left to turn back now
 hold congress accountable [video]"
"like megyn kelly
 help defeat ronald reagan"
 suggests hollywood invites un-vetted refugees
"during trump s press conference today
this is outrageous! you won t believe this!
 
"president donald trump is a man in a hurry. throughout his campaign he laid out his priorities. he s a man who likes to get things done and is intent on keeping his promises. we ve seen this before. but draining a swamp is never easy.as president trump begins the process of implementing commitments and draining the swamp through his executive orders and legislative initiatives
"much of the political world was shocked by the sudden resignation of national security adviser mike flynn from the administration of president donald trump
"watch npr employee and afghanistan refugee (who was eventually arrested) join others as they block our newly appointed secretary of education betsy devos from entering a school in dc on her first day on the job:back in 2011
 his grandson! [video]"
 charged with assault for blocking betsy devos from entering dc school"
"anila ali was born in karachi
"tonight
"the knights for socialism held an event where they allowed students to bash pinatas with the faces of president donald j. trump
"singer joy villa s album sales spiked significantly after the 25-year-old s pro-president trump grammys dress set social media on fire sunday. villa walked the red carpet wearing a red-white-and-blue dress decorated with trump s  make america great again  slogan.hours after unveiling the gown
" i can t possibly accept this award
"brigitte gabriel is a christian who
"singer/songwriter joy villa decided to follow the political theme at the grammy s tonight by wearing a gown that says  make america great again  on the front and  trump  on the back it might not be what the producers expected lol! we love it!if you tweet
"clinton sent out a taunting tweet of  3-0  after the three-judge panel from the 9th circuit court of appeals unanimously slapped a halt on trump s executive order on immigrants and  refugees.trump tweeted out  see you in court hillary responded with a snarky  3-0 her support for the ruling isn t surprising   clinton said she was for open borders at one point   but the gutter sniping was telling. the activist judges who based their ruling on their liberal politics instead of the constitution are the same kind she would appoint to the supreme court and all other federal courts if she were in the oval office.thankfully
"on thursday
"in a fraught moment of political protest across the country
 
"filmmaker and patriot
"paul sperry spoke with lou dobbs on his report about obama s shadow government:obama has two things going for him: the judiciary is his lethal weapon. he stacked the courts during his 8 years with liberal judges who can make things really difficult for president trump. we ve seen it in action with the 9th circuit court of appeals on trump s executive order. president trump should shake this court up asap! yes
 
 passionate supporter of slavery from res college…why not rename it after most famous black alum
"the presidents of nordstrom sent an email criticizing president donald trump s ban on immigrants from seven muslim-majority nations entering the united states just days before the retail giant dropped ivanka trump s clothing line:in the note
 
 cannibalizes total stranger on greyhound bus…granted total freedom…no monitoring necessary"
watch:
 
"the principal of a fancy new york city private school says the election of president trump is worse than the september 11
"u.s. immigration authorities arrested hundreds of undocumented immigrants in at least a half-dozen states this week in a series of raids that marked the first large-scale enforcement of president trump s jan. 26 order to crack down on the estimated 11 million immigrants living here illegally.the raids
"a woman who was born in nazi germany says that what reminds her of hitler more than anything else isn t donald trump
 
"3 congressional it employees have been fired for accessing members computer networks without permission. maria s on the show
"harvard law professor emeritus alan dershowitz was on msnbc to make a statement on the 9th circuit opinion: he stated that the 9th circuit court of appeals  ruling against president trump s immigration order is  not a solid decision.  and  looks like it s based more on policy than on constitutionality. look
 9 yr old daughters to blow themselves up for allah"

"the head of the epa under president barack obama vehemently denied politicians and environmentalists waged a  war on coal. there s just one problem. she was sitting in front of a  coal sucks  poster in the office of california s top state senator.former epa chief gina mccarthy huddled with democratic lawmakers in sacramento thursday to advise them on how the state could move forward with policies aimed at fighting global warming while the trump administration dismantled obama s environmental agenda.mccarthy took over epa in obama s second term and oversaw the implementation of the president s  climate action plan
"president donald trump said his administration would be announcing a  big league  tax cut that would lower the burden on businesses within the next two or three weeks.the revelation saw the dow jones industrial average rise around 115 points to a record
"so i m concerned about what i m hearing from some of the priests representing iraqi christians in iraq. patriarch louis sako of baghdad said:  every reception policy that discriminates (between) the persecuted and suffering on religious grounds ultimately harms the christians of the east he went on to explain that prioritizing christians is not good because it invites harsher treatment from muslims
"when a woman in the audience objected
watch as they discuss whether ms. constance is coming back 
 mix line with general merchandise"
"tmz caught up with mavericks owner and hillary supporter mark cuban yesterday to ask what he thought of president donald j. trump. arizona citizens must be thrilled to hear billionaire mark cuban who has personal security surrounding him talk about how ridiculous trump s efforts to secure our borders and keep our nation safe from foreigners who sneak in with actual refugees with a goal of doing harm to our nation.watch cuban s sour grapes interview here:well
"update: nordstrom stock closed up slightly today
"in 2013 dr kermit gosnell was convicted of killing four people
 cop-bashing
 check point"
"senate majority leader mitch mcconnell shut down massachusetts sen. elizabeth warren during a senate floor speech on tuesday

so much for the scotus not being political check out her comments on equality for women. it s like she s time traveled back to the 50 s. what is the deal with these women that think we re still in the dark ages!
 
"in june of 2016 over 10
"this isn t the first time  scientists  have been caught manipulating evidence in their quest to convince the world global
"when will the democrats realize they lost the election because america is sick of their intolerant and hateful behavior and in the case of maxine waters and nancy pelosi
the group called freedom from religion has been going all over america to force towns to remove any religious symbols.mississippi town fights back against effort to remove christmas display:  i just feel like christians lose a lot nowadays because we re too polite. atheists sue governor of texas over display on capitol groundsthey re all over the place! it s time to fight back against this group!
"nothing says respect for america and for your elected office like using an executive order to make it easier for people who entered our country illegally to break the law without fear of persecution watch for the political stock of mohamed khairullah
"conservative filmmaker dennis michael lynch has made some shocking and eye-opening movies that address our nation s failure to properly secure our borders. lynch s  they come to america iii: the cost of obama s legacy  is his most compelling and shocking movie to date. there are some terrifying moments when lynch exposes muslim training camps right here in america. in addition to training camps in the us
"cnn s jake tapper asked new york city mayor bill de blasio if he would protect illegal aliens living in the sanctuary city of new york following president donald j. trump s executive orders on immigration
"protesters decrying president donald trump s two-week-old administration prevented an ambulance carrying a  critically ill  patient from getting to yale-new haven hospital during a protest saturday in new haven
 our moral fabric is irreparably damaged watch:
"watch now in full: @oreillyfactor s exclusive #superbowl interview with president @realdonaldtrump. pic.twitter.com/p2giid0fze  fox news (@foxnews) february 5

"president donald trump s senior counselor kellyanne conway clarified a comment in which she mistakenly referred to a  bowling green massacre. she said friday on twitter that she meant to say  terrorists  instead of  massacre
"trump on immigration appeal:  we ll win. for the safety of the country we ll win.  pic.twitter.com/ffopcgtpbv  jennifer epstein (@jeneps) february 5
"according to the center for immigration studies

"congresswoman @maxinewaters
"opposing views and beliefs has much of this country in a heated feud. with donald trump being recently inaugurated as the 45th president of the united states of america
"first
 he was there for me when my beloved wife died
"***update to story below***in a blow to every mainstream media news outlet (and likely hurting a lot of feelings)
" please rt until we identify this disgusting nyu professor slandering police as nazi sympathizers #bluelivesmatter pic.twitter.com/2wgrnju6md  democrats for trump (@youngdems4trump) february 3
"the president s visit stretches from friday afternoon to monday morning
" he s being nominated to sit in garland s seat
"wow! i was just getting ready to switch our tv
"nordstrom cancelled the ivanka trump line after a liberal organization called  grab your wallet  flooded them with complaints. shame on nordstrom!the trump family has had to sacrifice so much to do what they re doing for america. it s a shame that even though nordstrom had said they wouldn t cancel ivanka s product line leftists call for ivanka trump brand boycott this huge retailer is sticking with her they caved to the pressure from the left!please contact nordstrom and complain : nordstrom feedbackdaily mail reported:nordstrom denied partisanship in the decision to drop trump s brand
"peace through strength president donald trump raised the stakes with iran again this morning by dashing off a tweet.the tweet comes a day after the new president dramatically raised the possibility of military action against iran over its missiles test on thursday saying  nothing is off the table  amid news that a new round of sanctions could be coming within hours. sources told the associated press that up to two dozen iranian individuals
"here s just one video from last night that will tell you all you need to know: we have seen demonstrations   and i think you already talked about that   around the country. young people at berkeley protesting against this unconstitutional order. and i heard it say earlier that we need to get involved on the local and state level. but what concerns me is that the strain that has been placed on local government
"can anyone imagine a sitting republican senator calling for violence or fighting in the streets in opposition to a newly elected democratic president? on tuesday democratic senator time kaine told the morning joe in an interview that democrats need to fight the trump administration including online and on the streets in addition to  the ballot box.partial transcript:mika brzezinski
 
" smashing windows how progressive!protests against alt-right speaker milo move off uc berkeley campus and into the streets. pic.twitter.com/c8ckfszmpj  shane bauer (@shane_bauer) february 2
"is anyone else thinking what we re thinking about the violent riot that happened in berkeley
"priceless! milo destroys heckling muslim woman crowd chants usa! usa! usa! [video] the ironic thing is that a sign had a website on it called:  refuse fascism  we looked into refuse fascism.org and found it s funded by an organization called world can t wait (wcw): founders of wcw included members or supporters of the revolutionary communist party
"barack obama has to be the world s biggest hypocrite. here he is in 2005 adamantly defending our borders: we simply cannot allow for people to pour in
"so much for the cute little puppies and clydesdales budweiser has created a superbowl ad that is creating a lot of controversy. the 1-minute ad tries to explain to origins of the company s co-founder
 
"among the high profile companies opposing trump s seven muslim country refugee and immigration ban:  amazon.com (nasdaq: amzn) was down 0.83 percent. amazon has big operations in the phoenix area.                    amazon ceo jeff bezos bezos sent a memo to all of his employees stating
"just recently
 why are we accepting them?” [video]"
"alinsky s ideas for community organizing were controversial because he talked about fanning latent hostilities of low-income
"hey al you do realize that obama was more than happy to give jobs that should have gone to the black communities to refugees
"the acting attorney general
"washington   shocking video has emerged on social media social showing black lives matter activists calling for the death of  white people  during an anti-trump protest in seattle
"one california resident commented: lots of illegals vote here in california. crooked democrats run everything here and any illegal invader can go to the dmv and get a drivers license/id card which they can register to vote with.police
"airports across the country were inundated with crazy leftists who didn t educate themselves on the trump order on refugees. they literally went nuts as you ll see in the video blow. can you imagine the news if a conservative trump supporter had done this to a leftist? the press would be all over it but i ll bet you never heard of this horrific attack. watch how the protesters swarm and chant they must have realized they were on camera and then chanted  peaceful protest  as if to reassure the press that their intention was for peace. well
"on friday
 illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start wwiii” [video]"
000 refugees in response to trump’s 4 month refugee moratorium…ignored obama’s 6 month ban on refugees"
"by jesse lee peterson   president donald trump has issued a blunt warning to chicago mayor rahm emanuel about his city s out-of-control violence:  if the city doesn t fix the horrible carnage going on
"chuck schumer s crying over muslim refugees.after supporting the attack on libya that led to the deaths of thousands of muslim refugees. pic.twitter.com/velee6v7cp  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) january 29
"while the lying media is perpetuating the lie refugees do not pose a terrorist threat
" the judge did not rule on the legality of the executive order
"watch:muir: and as we walked through the white house
he will not divide us .
"a play scheduled to open saturday night in chicago targets barron trump
watch: 
"nbc is canceling the third hour of  today  to make way for new star megyn kelly
 there goes that relationship!”"
"the washington post reported that higher ups in the state department jumped ship before rex tillerson could take the helm but we don t know that was the case. were the people who left asked to vacate their post or did they jump ship? wapo was even called out by cnn for the misleading headline.   one of the things that the main stream media doesn t mention is that these officials were knee deep in the benghazi scandal and one of those (see below for more on patrick kennedy) was knee deep in the clinton e-mail scandal too! it s what the press doesn t tell you that s important. we just don t know if this is a matter of these people resigning or a matter of our new president recognizing that we need to drain the swamp! could this be the smoking gun that trump called out on patrick kennedy: in what one congressman called the  flashing red light of potential criminality
 
"mentally ill teacher shoots trump with a squirt gun in front of her students. this woman should be fired. pic.twitter.com/gr0g7rkohd  deplorable vet   (@kgbveteran) january 25
"on march 31
"slowly but surely our nation will heal. it will take some time
"buzzfeed s ben smith was interviewed by tucker carlson tonight proving he is the type of guy who doesn t care about reality but just wants to make up his own rules. remember that buzzfeed published information that there was a dossier on donald trump that had salacious accusations in it. that should tell you just how slimy this guy is but here s where it got heated:tucker went on to question smith on hiring practices by buzzfeed basically
"obama s unconstitutional government overreach was allowed to run rampant in dc for way too long. there s a new sheriff in town and under that new sheriff s leadership is a newly emboldened congress who miraculously just found their spine congressional lawmakers will review a final rule issued by president obama in december that stomps on the second amendment rights of social security beneficiaries.according to the national rifle association institute for legislative action
portland protesters were doing the usual idiotic tactic of blocking the street and not letting traffic proceed what they didn t realize is that the police aren t taking this anymore watch the takedown of these punks awesome!check out the lady with the thumbs up! haha!
 
"the term  fake news  has become attached to some of america s major news outlets. now a ymca in valparaiso
 ‘oh no
"when your white guilt boils over and you project your problems onto a random black barista. shorty face is priceless. pic.twitter.com/yu7m2h6ov8  iv:xx hotep doobs (@doedoobs) january 24
"palm beach
 

"soon after newly elected travis county sheriff sally hernandez announced she would be scaling back her department s cooperation with federal immigration agents
"the inauguration was a beautiful day full of great images but the images of the hate coming from anti-trump protesters will shake you. inaugural ball attendees were spat upon and had water thrown at them. the people trying to just walk from one area to the next were assaulted. bar patrons were even taunted with images of an isis beheading from a phone video. sick! is this what the democrats represent? anarchy and chaos rules the day for the lefty lunatics. one woman even tried to light another woman s hair on fire dc police are now asking for anyone to id her so they can arrest her. luckily
"sacrifice
"please listen to linda sarsour speak about how dissapointed she is that 22 states have voted against sharia law:  haha! leader and organizer of washington #womensmarch is annoyed that 22 us states don t allow sharia laws. blames islamaphobia! pic.twitter.com/fjn3wq7p7p  onlinemagazin (@onlinemagazin) january 23
"three men in uppsala have been arrested on suspicion of rape after they raped a young woman and sent it live on facebook
"approximately 200
 “he will not divide us” in face of young trump supporter [video]"
 this really shouldn t be surprising for anyone who has been following the anarchy and chaos in europe. groups of roaming thugs are creating total chaos with violence and torching of cars. sound familiar? we had the very same thing with the anti-trump crowd at the inauguration. one solution is to come down hard on these violent protesters. law and order should be brought back to kill the politically correct attitude we had for 8 long years.read more: infowars
"lindsey graham

via: gateway pundit
"the ap
 
 
"katie couric asks betty white:  what do you think about the state of our county and how divided it seems to be? betty white responded
 
"a spokesman for the secret service told the gateway pundit the agency is aware of the comment by aging pop star madonna made at a large liberal women s protest against president donald trump held in washington
this is scary this guy was our secretary of state! yikes! his tongue! 
"president donald trump didn t take long to put his stamp on the oval office
 feminists will go nuts: president trump uses endearment to refer to kellyanne conway in thank you speech [video]"
"protesters gathered friday in los angeles for something called  united against hate inauguration march
***warning*** violence is graphic***this trump supporter used a fire extinguisher to put out a fire on the street in dc that was started by domestic terrorists who were rioting in opposition to trump s presidency.watch how these animals attack this brave young man for doing the right thing:
"the obama family ended their eight-year residency at 1600 pennsylvania avenue on friday
"domestic terrorists  torched  a limousine in d.c.near the parade. because nothing says
" supporter gets past #disruptj20 barricade but couldn't get back to his wife #inauguration pic.twitter.com/jfhocgct9c  alex rubinstein (@realalexrubi) january 20
"an anti-trump protester screams  no  as donald trump is sworn in as the 45th us president pic.twitter.com/qmsafmmskr  itv news (@itvnews) january 20
"#disruptj20 protesters on the move
"#disruptj20 protesters blocking men in air force uniforms from getting through the #inauguration checkpoint pic.twitter.com/xverohhbwg  ryan lovelace (@lovelaceryand) january 20
"boos and chants of  lock her up!  were heard in the crowd assembled at the west front of the u.s. capitol friday morning when defeated democratic party presidential nominee hillary clinton was introduced at the inaugural ceremony for president-elect donald trump.#inaugurationday lock her up pic.twitter.com/apvtyyyote  bill simms (@mittens1245) january 20
” streets of d.c. against trump supporters [video]"
"immediately after this happened
 
 misplaced outrage of gay activists dancing near pence home [video]"
 knowing it was “built by slaves”"
 huge democrat donor arrested for threatening to kill president-elect trump at inauguration"
 
"besty devos is trump s conservative choice for education secretary. during her confirmation process leftist bernie sanders  most important question had absolutely nothing to do with providing our kids the best education possible. sanders had one burning question for betsy devos
” billionaire and shark tank host kevin o’leary announces run against “canada’s barack obama” [video]"
 
"protesters who take to the streets in north dakota might want to look both ways for changes in the rules of the road.a bill sponsored by state rep. keith kempenich
 military “lifer” destroys crybaby democrats in scathing letter: “i sometimes wonder if i’ll get to heaven
"listen here to @legbacarrefour explaining his plan to #chainthetrains and stop the metro in dc. #disruptj20exposed pic.twitter.com/xot1tslzpl  james o'keefe (@jamesokeefeiii) january 17
"bill o reilly reacted to the approximate $500
 torture
"it s a free country
"country singer toby keith won t be bullied into submission by the left like other entertainers who won t perform or have cancelled their commitment to perform at trump s inauguration.keith
 ga resident slams rep john lewis: “what have you accomplished? why don’t you go on the news and talk about the black-on-black terrorism that’s happening in chicago?”[video]"
 terrorism at trump inauguration…”if you try to shut us down
 wife of felon threatens paul ryan on twitter over cutting federal funds to kill babies"
"as the pussyhat project s flier helpfully points out:we love the clever wordplay of  pussyhat  and  pussycat
"lady liberty will be depicted as a black women on a coin   the first time in the nation s history lady liberty has not been a white woman   the u.s. treasury department announced on thursday.the coin
" i m making almost $50
"in 2008
"opera star andrea bocelli backed out of singing at donald trump s inauguration after receiving death threats
000 black churches tell members to turn backs on race-baiter-for-hire al sharpton’s d.c. march against trump"
"donald trump has been hit with celebrity backlash after he tore into civil rights legend john lewis for questioning the legitimacy of the billionaire s white house victory.watch racist congressman lewis tell liberal hacktivist host of meet the press that he
"lady gaga
"tom barnes mocks taylor swift in his latest article
 safe space feminists over women’s march against trump’s inauguration…and it’s hilarious!"
 aging pop-star madonna uses picture of pubic hair to recruit females for anti-trump inauguration march"
 “we portray islam and all muslims as bad” [video]"
"donald trump wasn t the only presidential candidate whose campaign was boosted by officials of a former soviet bloc country.ukrainian government officials tried to help hillary clinton and undermine trump by publicly questioning his fitness for office. they also disseminated documents implicating a top trump aide in corruption and suggested they were investigating the matter
"it s time to drain obama s swamp! rep. jason chaffetz
 you saw this great spontaneous upsurge in spontaneous anger in the streets” [video]"
 
"one of our biggest concerns is that so many americans don t realize the magnitude of just how much our nation is in deep trouble. with the election of trump
000 us jobs
"president-elect donald trump came to the defense of l.l. bean inc. on thursday after a group called for the boycott of the outdoor clothing maker because a granddaughter of the founder supported his campaign for president. thank you to linda bean of l.l. bean for your great support and courage
"she s travelling the world to promote her new australian film
 
"doris truong is a reporter for the hard left-leaning washington [com]post where they only have the highest regard for journalistic integrity right? well maybe not so much.during a break in the confirmation hearings for rex tillerson
"the senate is already rolling back president barack obama s legacy.here is trump only days before the election promising the republicans will repeal and replace obamacare:it passed the continuing resolution
"the only possible explanation for this embarrassing misstep is that either obama s speechwriter isn t very fond of him or they simply forgot to proof-read his speech there have been no terrorist attacks on us soil during my 8 years.  except for the ones i m about to list. merica. pic.twitter.com/snplxggrhz  cloyd rivers (@cloydrivers) january 11
"in mid-october 2016
"rush limbaugh nailed it today when he said:  trump s a different animal. they [the press] don t know how to deal with it
 rino john mccain admits he handed smear dossier outlining claims of kremlin blackmail to fbi"
"could this be the biggest fake news story of 2016?an anonymous intelligence officer told nbc no direct link was found between peotus donald trump and russia.nothing.the screaming headlines were all fake news.senior news editor and writer
"hillary clinton has turned down repeated requests by barack obama to join him in a nationwide political movement that he plans to lead against the presidency of donald trump. hillary s received two phone calls from obama and several from valerie [jarrett]
"it s hard to be famous for being a  victim  in an arab gulf state who settles their disputes in a sharia court of law. someone should have told  clock boy  that being a victim in a country where victims are plentiful isn t really that special. unlike america
"streep s shameful attempt to paint trump as a heartless human being to golden globe award viewers can be found near the middle of this clip:at tonight's #goldenglobes we honor hollywood legend meryl streep with the prestigious cecil b. demille award. pic.twitter.com/dxpecdnxy6  golden globe awards (@goldenglobes) january 9
 
"in what amounts to an 11th hour  gift  by the outgoing obama administration to tehran s leadership to keep the country
she s pulling down a cool $2 million a year as the race-baiting host of abc s flailing the view talk show.watch goldberg take a line from hillary s dead broke book during this segment:
".@diamondandsilk wasn t pleased by the underhanded way that @merylstreeppage used her platform
"the university of chicago s admissions office is offering a reward to its student tour guides who can dispel the notion among prospective students and their families that the city is  unsafe  and  scary. in an email obtained by the chicago maroon
"thank goodness there are still a few courageous
"native americans continue to battle poverty
"kellyanne conway met with nbc s  meet the press  to discuss the findings by us intelligence agencies about russia and their alleged  hacking  into the dnc and john podesta emails. throughout his interview
"ownage. pic.twitter.com/yznlkcyimw  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) january 7
"president obama blasted republican presidential front-runner donald trump in april
"a highly-anticipated declassified us intelligence report
"via: tmzolivia wilde posed for a black and white selfie with partner jason sudeikis yes
 race-baiting
"in a stunning last minute power grab by the obama administration with just 14 days left in his presidency
"president-elect donald j. trump s transition staff has issued a blanket edict requiring politically appointed ambassadors to leave their overseas posts by inauguration day
 torture of white disabled teen by 4 black thugs [video]"
here s what these chicago residents have to say about barack and what he s done for the residents of chicago. he s probably the the worst president ever elected. have the same love for these (black) young people as you ve got for the ones across the border. here s how obama answered:
"cnn host don lemon asks guest  simone sanders
"makeup artist manny gutierrez is the first man to be chosen to rep for the maybelline make up brand.gutierrez is following in the footsteps of james charles
"obama and his supporters loved talking about history. his victory was historic. they were on the right side of history. history was an inevitable arc that bent their way.the tidal force of demographics had made the old america irrelevant. any progressive policy agenda was now possible because we were no longer america. we were obamerica. a hip
"the incident took place tuesday in an apartment on the 3400 block of west lexington on chicago s west side
"barack obama recently kicked 35 russian diplomats and their families out of the us
 
"barnicle: so you re asking the democrats to be as fair as the republicans were  conway:   they were very fair. excuse me
 especially young children
"republicans have put forward a plan to stop obama administration s last minute regulations tuesday. these  midnight regulations  published after the 2016 presidential election could cost the american taxpayer over $44 billion.california republican rep. darrell issa re-introduced legislation tuesday that would allow congress to overturn executive branch regulations finalized in the last 60 legislative days of an outgoing presidential administration.the bill amends the congressional review act
"british pop singer rebecca ferguson
"what s worse is the second longer version of the audio where kerry spills the beans on how the end goal of creating isis was to cause regime change in syria but they didn t count on russia getting involved. language alert below but worth it:disgrace!john kerry says the problem with syria is that young americans don t want 2 die anymore secret audio john kerry behind closed doors pic.twitter.com/0k4fvluaut  trump anomaly (@anomaly1) january 3
" the government-orchestrated bankruptcies of general motors and chrysler led to tens of thousands of direct factory
 jobs
 anti-trump nbc"
remember when pelosi said it s  affordable : 
" the president prides himself on the fact that his administration hasn t had a scandal and he hasn t done something to embarrass himself
 globalist koch brother and “author” friend off his west palm beach golf course"
"j-lo was sorry. she didn t mean to sing  happy birthday  to someone accused of grave human rights abuses.that s what she did when she serenaded gurbanguly berdimuhamedow
 obama can appoint a supreme court justice before he leaves…but will he?"
 dem congressman hangs cop-hating

 obstruct
"whether they like it or not
 abortion related protections"
 
 

"as usual milwaukee s outspoken sheriff david clarke nails it chicago has plunged ever further into chaos as gang violence gripped the city for yet another weekend.under the rule of democratic mayor rahm emanuel
"build that wall [ ] and when mexico sends its people
"it s too bad the darn russians and president-elect trump
 black lives matter terror group: new gallop poll shows love for police officers surged in 2016…near all-time high"
"president-elect donald trump said thursday  it s time for our country to move on to bigger and better things  after the obama administration issued sanctions against russia for its alleged 2016 election hacking. it s time for our country to move on to bigger and better things
 crack smoking
" says the guy who s been funding riots across america and dumping hundreds of millions into radical organizations meant to destroy america and our way of life.soros
"following a month-long series of national enquirer covers featuring president-elect donald trump
"the obama administration plans to announce on thursday a series of retaliatory measures against russia for hacking into u.s. political institutions and individuals and leaking information in an effort to help president-elect donald trump and other republican candidates
"lol! if i was cage s manager
 nevada…despite opposition…posts wrong picture of land"
"a black actor s holiday photograph sparked a social media backlash over colorism   because some people thought a black woman with a dark complexion looked like she was being excluded from a group of lighter-skinned women.actor and model lance gross
"congress is already setting the stage to cut off u.s. funding to the united nations in the wake of a contested vote last week in which the obama administration permitted an anti-israel resolution to win overwhelming approval
"last december a report surfaced that barack obama intercepted communications between israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and us lawmakers. the obama white house targeted netanyahu because he opposed their insane nuclear deal with the iranian regime.last october obama ordered secretary of state john kerry and un ambassador samantha power to snub netanyahu at the un.lower level us state department officials attended the israeli prime minister s speech at the un.the obama administration spent $350
 mayor jim fouts allegedly caught on tape trashing mentally disabled: they’re “retards”…”not even human beings” should be “put in cages” [audio]"
"a georgetown university associate professor had a month-long meltdown after a muslim woman explained why she voted for president-elect donald trump.asra q. nomani
 
" honolulu s caf  8   gets rave reviews on yelp for its  radiatore verde  and  italian stir fry
 including gunfire break out across america on the day after christmas? [video]"
 1 libyan migrant arrested after setting sleeping homeless man on fire"
"kellyanne conway s response to williams  criticism is
"president obama said in an interview released monday that he could have beaten republican presidential nominee donald trump  if i had run again.  in his most pointed critique yet
" that has been a problem with our party. when we re in power
enjoy 

"we all know the rules are a little different for the political class. but michelle obama s trips overseas hardly qualify as official business. they are lavish

"the video featured a youtube prankster named adam saleh claiming to be kicked off of a delta flight for speaking arabic
"walmart has pulled all its  bulletproof: black lives matter  shirts after police complain they are offensive. the fraternal order of police wrote to walmart ceo doug mcmillon on tuesday
"liberals would like you to believe they re more open-minded
"a schlotsky s assistant manager in seguin
"kellyanne conway will be joining the white house as counselor to the president
"a growing group of artists is hitting back against ivanka trump
"pic.twitter.com/kmnlrwb6t1  richard k. jones (@butlersheriff) december 19
"facebook has announced plans to check for  fake news  using a series of organizations to assess whether stories are true  one of them is a website called snopes.com which claims to be one of the web s  essential resources  and  painstaking
 cracker!” [video]"
"january 20th can't come soon enough. we need this anti-american
 
 foul-mouthed whack job samantha bee in unified effort to fight “trumpism” [video]"
 
"hillary may have finally lost the election yesterday
"a prolific trump foe found viral fame after boasting about abandoning a driver stuck in the snow as punishment for supporting the president-elect.troy brown
democrats were hoping yesterday s electoral vote would end with electors rejecting republican donald trump in droves.it didn t work out that way. in fact hillary clinton lost more electors than donald j. trump.trump lost two electors: one to ron paul and one to governor john kasich. hillary clinton lost five electors.8 clinton defectors 4 wa (successful) 1 hi (successful) 1 mn (attempted) 1 me (attempted) 1 co (attempted)2 trump defectors tx (successful)in fact hillary clinton lost more electors than any politician in the last 100 years.not since 1912 has a candidate lost more electors. gp
"former fbi agent and navy seal jonathan gilliam had this to say about the false rumors being spread about  russian interference :  the people who leaked stuff to the new york times
 but i wish i had’"
"michelle obama told oprah winfrey in her final interview as our divisive first lady
"while all of the mainstream media and anonymous cia sources claim that russia was behind the hacks of the emails from the democratic national committee and top clinton aide john podesta
 
 hillary 224"
"because by 9 years old
" ed klein: for the past 100 years every president who is outgoing has packed up his stuff gone home and not criticized his successor. this is not what the obamas are planning to do. they rented an eight-bedroom mansion in the section of washington near joe lockhart
 
"an owner of a propane dealership in maine is refusing to deliver gas to anyone who voted for president-elect donald trump.michael turner
"feldman operates upstate fish
"here is michigan elector michael banerian telling about death threats that he s received over his vote for trump on monday.the leftist media has encouraged the (insanely impossible) idea that trump could be defeated by the electoral college
 ky
"hey michelle guess what? for the first time in 8 years
"tucker goes on to call out the hypocrisy of rich
"in march 2015
 but new harvard study exposes who really interfered in outcome of our elections"
"the russians may not have hacked our elections
"michelle obama fed her husband s feud with donald trump on friday as she gave a gloomy description of the hopeless climate his election win has created. the first lady used her final interview in the white house to tell oprah winfrey that a  grown up  should be in charge of the country. looking forward to president-elect trump s looming inauguration
"scott baio became a teen idol starring as chachi arcola on happy days from 1977-1984 and he worked pretty consistently until a few years ago
"on november 26
"maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio says a new video analysis shows that parts of obama s birth certificate were copied from another certificate. after arguing his point for five years
"the democrats have 26 more days to discredit donald j. trump until he becomes our next president. they are really pulling out all of the stops. wikileaks founder julian assange emerges from hiding to do an interview with fox news  sean hannity in order to set the record straight on the dnc leaks he released prior to the election. it s interesting how mainstream media  reporters  have no interest in the content of those undisputed leaked emails
"when asked why they might have booed
"detroit elections officials waited several days to deliver nearly 100 poll books to wayne county officials charged with certifying the presidential election
"monica crowley
 
 
" a minneapolis man is being charged with criminal sexual conduct after being accused of raping a woman on a bus passing through crookston friday
"politico has terminated its contract with magazine writer julia ioffe after she sent a tweet that referenced a possible incestuous relationship between president-elect donald trump and his daughter
 federal funds offers “african american resistance in the era of donald trump” class [video]"
 
"germany s defense minister refused to wear a traditional head covering during her visit with a saudi arabian prince
" i fell in love with him [trump] because he really talks about helping african-american black people
"another night
"these women aren t sitting back and waiting for their leftist government to come to their rescue in these  no-go zones  which are spreading across france. a women s rights campaign group is organizing marches and protests in a bid to retake streets in predominantly islamic neighborhoods which they say have become entirely male dominated.la brigade des m res
"make no mistake: it s payback time. in ordering up a  deep dive  into possible russian interference in the election of donald trump
" leading republicans have already expressed anxieties about tillerson
 we found what lost the election for hillary [video]"
 
outspoken conservative tomi lahren makes some great points about the  failing  mainstream media and the  failing  democrat party blaming  fake news conservative news for hillary s loss. to say facebook favoritism got donald trump elected is the most ridiculous thing i ve heard yet. we already know facebook is in the business of censoring and de-prioritizing conservative leading posts. 
 
 nuclear war with russia because they’re ‘butt-hurt’ about losing…let that sink in” [video]"
"microsoft wants to celebrate the season without christmas. this commercial wants the holiday to be about anything but christmas   we wanted to lift people up and remind them that ordinary people can make a difference. our message focuses on the spirit of the holidays
"wikileaks founder julian assange has clearly stated his leaks did not come from russia. watch:former uk ambassador to uzbekistan craig murray
"officially
"the entire premise for chuck todd s position is two media reports.  one of those media reports (nyt) is demonstrably false; the second (wapo) is specifically constructed to target and undermine the trump presidency.  the washington post was previously cited
here s obama defending russia during a debate and calling out romney for saying russia was our biggest threat:and no one was concerned about russian interference in the 2012 elections? 
 inflammatory washington post op-ed [video]"
"not because she s an unlikeable elitist liar
 anti-trumper rinos join dems to investigate russian influence in election…trump says russian interference claim is “ridiculous”[video]"
"when an audience member asks kellyanne conway if trump will continue to use twitter as a means to communicate with americans
"talking to the hollywood reporter
"newsweek reporter kurt eichenwald came under fire thursday after sending a tweet that incorrectly reported that iowa supporters of president-elect donald trump booed astronaut and former senator john glenn when informed of his recent passing.eichenwald s initial tweet (which has since been deleted) racked up thousands of retweets and likes in a short time.  mediaitewhen asked why they might have booed
 but a ‘red carpet’ country for american businesses”"
" everybody in the building is sick of it. we absolutely can t stand it anymore
you may need a calculator to count how many asinine liberals said trump will never be elected president of the united states. i wonder how many are sick of eating crow?
 missouri” [video]"
" in a speech at macdill air force base in tampa
 editor of legal website writes: black jurors should automatically vote to free any black person accused of murdering
"the man suspended from his tv anchor job for faking his own news is furious about the spread of  fake news. brian williams
"this is pretty scary stuff. a federal government agency run by an obama crony attempting to penetrate the firewall of a state agency tasked with overseeing the elections? what conceivable reason could obama s dhs have for hacking the georgia sec of state s office after the election?georgia s secretary of state has claimed the department of homeland security tried to breach his office s firewall and has issued a letter to homeland security secretary jeh johnson asking for an explanation.brian kemp issued a letter to johnson on thursday after the state s third-party cybersecurity provider detected an ip address from the agency s southwest d.c. office trying to penetrate the state s firewall. according to the letter
"counting bernie sanders write-in votes for clinton in michigan. any gains by clinton are stolen votes.  mike roman (@mikeroman) december 7
"43 days and counting characterizing the military s mission as a fight against  violent extremism
"hillary clinton on thursday decried the spread of fake news online
the video from 2012 is a little blurry but the audio is fine this is just too funny! 
"does your child spend time on social media? unless they re amish
 they’re worried about this… [video]"
"start counting. keep counting. stop counting? michigan's election recount hearing set to start in detroit. will judge change course?  tresa baldas (@tbaldas) december 7
 destroy trump’s inauguration"
"what do you think? do you agree with rick santorum
"president barack obama claimed the united states is  breaking the back of isis  in his final national security speech before leaving office and told armed service members the country is depending on them to  carry forward what is best in us. obama directed the bulk of his counter-terror speech to criticisms of his policies leveled by president-elect donald trump during his successful campaign   but did not mention his successor by name. we are a nation that our best has been defined by hope and not fear
"the michigan court of appeals rejected green party candidate jill stein s request for a recount of presidential ballots in michigan.the court ruled that the board of state canvassers should not have allowed the recount
 
"just think how many youth centers could have been built in inner cities or how many broken-down classrooms in america could have been repaired with the $3.5 million being wasted on jill stein and hillary s futile recount effort? aren t the democrats all about the poor

 after flooding nation with 2 million (mostly muslim) migrants"
 man?” [video]"
 muslim refugees
"one-third of precincts in wayne county could be disqualified from an unprecedented statewide recount of presidential election results because of problems with ballots.michigan s largest county voted overwhelmingly for democratic candidate hillary clinton
 and why they don’t want to be with you” [video]"
"comedic icon tim allen is taking on  microagressions  in the latest episode of abc sitcom  last man standing. in friday night s installment
"our country deserves a hud secretary with the relevant experience. dr. carson is a disturbingly unqualified choice.  pic.twitter.com/gcyaiifmj3  nancy pelosi (@nancypelosi) december 5
"talk radio hosts went nuts with the news of gore s visit to trump tower today. michael savage was very disappointed but rush limbaugh gave the best comment: i m gonna tell you something
"this ex-ice agent reminds us of how ridiculous jill stein s  cherry-picked  3 state vote recount effort really is. meanwhile
"a federal judge has ordered michigan election officials to begin a massive hand recount of 4.8 million ballots cast in the presidential election at noon monday.u.s. district judge mark goldsmith issued a ruling just after midnight monday in favor of green party presidential candidate jill stein
"as foxnews.com reported:the russian-made jeep ferrying castro s ashes broke down and needed to be pushed on saturday en route to the late leader s final resting place.the breakdown of the jeep in the midst of adoring crowds chanting  long live fidel!  was symbolic of the dual nature of castro s cuba.while his legacy inspires fierce adulation by many of the nation s citizens
 videos in users news feeds"
 
watch stein tell cnn host she is concerned about foreign intervention in our elections:
"the wisconsin election commission posts recount data on a spreadsheet every day. the latest spreadsheet totals as of 1:30 p.m. cst on december 3 show that the recount isn t changing much
 
"here was trump s epic response to the leftist media:interesting how the u.s. sells taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but i should not accept a congratulatory call.  donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) december 3
"kellyanne conway:   i think the biggest fake news was that donald trump couldn t win.  pic.twitter.com/t5i68k0gw4  washington examiner (@dcexaminer) december 2
 
"which brings me to president obama. while i m not calling him a genius
 divisive penzeys spice co. owner threatens trump supporters…brags about increased sales since calling all trump supporters “racists”"
 
 twice” [video]"
"smith flies three flags in front of his house: the american flag
 
"liberals  internal struggle in one clip: .@andersoncooper on the level
"obama to crowd on lost factory jobs:  cuz some of those jobs of the past are just not gonna come back. and when somebody says
 as hosts attack jill stein [video]"

"how many outspoken  never-trumper s  is donald willing to consider for roles in his administration?vice president-elect mike pence met with former secretary of state condoleezza  condi  rice in the washington
"police have identified duncan lloyd as the suspect in the recent anti-trump vandalism of an upscale grocery store in chestnut hill.assistant city solicitor duncan lloyd has been recognized as the man seen wearing a dark colored blazer in the surveillance footage that captured the november 25th vandalism of the fresh market grocery. the other suspect
"author
 kids
051 illegal alien kids dumped in u.s. communities in october"
"an islamist group with secretive compounds around the u.s. is arming up in anticipation of raids by the incoming trump administration
"ohio state university assistant director of residence life stephanie clemons thompson may have urged sympathy for suspected monday attacker abdul razak ali artan in a facebook post. the daily caller news foundation was not able to independently verify the authenticity of the post
"wow! @foxbusiness @jeffflock just went off on white @seiu operative for telling black protester she wasn t allowed to speak! #fightfor15 pic.twitter.com/9aiv8x3yiq  andrew marcus (@imandrewmarcus) november 29
"remember when children of the president or president-elect used to be  off limits  to the press or even those who may have objected to the the views of the president? i wonder how rosie would feel about someone spreading a totally unfounded rumor about one of her children all over social media melania trump has hired a famous lawyer who is now threatening a lawsuit over a video suggesting her 10-year-old son
 
"kellogg co. is pulling its ads from the website breitbart news
 
"jill stein got less than 1% of the vote nationwide in our presidential election
"watch:. @jordanfabian if there is no #voterfraud
 criticized college for not having muslim prayer rooms on campus"
"this video was filmed on moroccan television
"we mentioned in an article yesterday that the real objective behind this recount effort is probably not to find voter fraud
 open borders angela merkel sees re-election poll numbers drop…orders 100
"here s the link to the app: boycott trump this app has been promoted by the democratic coalition against trump this app is a first step in our larger boycott trump campaign
000 veterans show up to protest removal of american flag from hampshire college [video]"
"a senior donald trump adviser is calling hillary clinton s decision to join a recount effort  incredible  and noting that the president-elect has not ruled out pursuing a criminal investigation into his former democratic rival.trump adviser kellyanne conway told cnn s  state of the nation  that trump has not ruled out a criminal probe into clinton s use of a private email server as secretary of state
 wi
"watch jill stein explain why she s working to force a recount in 3 states that used to be democrat strongholds: ms. stein starts in her answers during the cnn interview in the video above
 wi and pa?”…”um…no” [video] "
"google maps was alerted to a  mysterious  change in name on trump tower and the trump hotel by users and immediately changed the names back. some small-minded vindictive person changed the name to dump tower:was this the work of a hacker or an inside job by a rogue google employee? google didn t say in their statement: some inappropriate names were surfacing in google maps that should not be
"tick tock! time is running out for hillary clinton and george soros to steal the presidency from donald trump. too bad they didn t get this little snag worked out ahead of time. it looks like it may not be as easy as jill stein
"democratic party presidential nominee hillary clinton may have publicly conceded the presidency to republican presidential nominee donald trump the morning after the november 8 election but behind the scenes she was scheming with an army of operatives to find ways to steal the presidency from trump.hillary supporter bumps into the clintons walking in the woods  #westchestercounty pic.twitter.com/oyu5cl79bn  westchester roundup (@westchesterru) november 16
"the wisconsin elections commission announced friday that it would hold a statewide recount of the presidential vote. the move was in response to petitions from two candidates
"unhinged leftists are calling for a boycott of ivanka trump s fashion line but nordstrom is sticking with her. now customers are calling for a boycott of nordstrom because they refused to ditch ivanka trump s brand.please let nordstrom know how much you appreciate them not caving in to the left: nordstrom feedback nordstrom s social media pages have been flooded with shoppers threatening to boycott the retailer if it does not stop selling the president-elect s daughter s shoe
"a post on reddit citing an investigative journalist reads as follows:  red alert! jim stone discovers soros bot funding jill stein s recount campaign at rate of $160
"ian jackson: people have been slightly concerned about the trail and as your last guest pointed out it s very decentralized.ed henryy: uh-huh. when you say  slightly concerned
"why a recount only in states that trump won?why a recount in michigan
"cnn is disgusting!you ve asked me eight times!sean spicer blows up when wolf blitzer (wolfie the blinker) pushes on neo-nazis #crookedmedia pic.twitter.com/gf57wv6wyi  trump anomaly (@anomaly1) november 23
 and he’s gonna trash the place on the way out the door” [video]"
"the city s first transgender police officer was kept out of an event at the san diego lgbt community center because she was wearing her uniform.the transgender day of awareness
"just imagine how many brilliant young american minds could benefit from their education if their teachers and professors put as much effort into actually teaching their students as they do indoctrinating them with their liberal web of mistruths and distortions an email encouraging extra credit for student participation at a liberal protest has prompted a conservative backlash at the university of pittsburgh and an explanation from school officials.the email

 kasich supporter
"elton john will perform at donald trump s inauguration
" here s gigi hadid s ridiculous apology to melania
 mi and pa"
"student government leaders at loyola university maryland faced a barrage of pressure from the university administration to change the theme of a senior class party described as  very alienating
"there are no records available for this year
 you get bullied [video]"
"these disrespectful crybabies are in for a rude awakening when they graduate from college and have to face a real and sometimes very harsh world. if the american flag offends them
"they had to know they had it coming donald trump scolded media big shots during an off-the-record trump tower sitdown on monday
"from wikipedia:the immigration and nationality act of 1965: the hart celler act abolished the quota system based on national origins that had been american immigration policy since the 1920s. the new law maintained the per-country limits
ouch!
"the president who shoved his radical agenda down the throats of americans is about to watch his legacy unwind in favor of jobs and a stronger economy  president obama s eight-year effort to rein in the energy and mining industries with environmental regulations will likely come to a halt under president-elect donald trump
 
"clyde wayne crews of the competitive enterprise institute warns that obama s manufacturing of regulations is not over. with the amount of time left in the year
"kellyanne conway defends trump s  hamilton  twitter scrap:  why do you care    cnn (@cnn) november 21
 enabler of sexual predator “worries” about sexual predator in white house [video]"
 daughter…defends player posting picture of his “junk” on social media [video]"
"when not lecturing the trump administration form his bully pulpit
"the obamas are moving into a nine-bedroom mansion in the kalorama section of washington   the posh neighborhood of diplomats and dc old money   while younger daughter sasha finishes high school at sidwell friends. but they have apparently been buying real estate elsewhere
"vid: @ingrahamangle decimates @thejuanwilliams for  team of radicals  charge.  why people despise  dc. #fns #ttt16 pic.twitter.com/wk0qlbsgxu  brent baker (@brenthbaker) november 20
".@missdiagnosis: ""he's our president and i think it's very important as a citizen for us to support him."" pic.twitter.com/qv6xui89le  fox news (@foxnews) november 20
"the former ceo of a local cybersecurity firm is talking first to 10news   about his threat to shoot president-elect donald trump.team 10 investigator allison ash sat down with matt harrigan tuesday afternoon. he tells allison he s been getting death threats since the posts went viral and he and his family have relocated until the storm settles.harrigan was the ceo of packetsled until he resigned his position tuesday morning. he said he s sorry for his words
 
 
 
"political activist and hillary supporter amal clooney traveled to texas to warn americans about our elected president donald j. trump and his tough immigration policies. maybe she didn t get the memo trump s tough immigration stance is what catapulted him to the top of the heap in the crowded pack of gop primary contenders. it wasn t too long ago that her arrogant liberal husband announced with great confidence
"here's pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at hamilton pic.twitter.com/irqg68x1sb  david k (@dkipke12) november 19
"the victim speaks out   this is shameful! kptv   fox 12a car was spray-painted with anti-donald trump graffiti and then set on fire in southeast portland.a reward up to $1
the video below might be a great one to show the hillary supporters bitter much?the holderness family makes the funniest videos and this one is no exception! 
"here s pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at hamilton pic.twitter.com/irqg68x1sb  david k (@dkipke12) november 19
 
"it s about time an adult steps up and takes control of these lawless
 lies
"a san antonio
"the left s suppression of speech and viewpoints by conservatives has never been more dangerous. let s hope this new administration is able to reverse this very scary trend. i prayed for the best leader that will turn this country that has become more violent and racist under the obama administration than ever   into the america i once knew 
"starbucks sjws call cops on customer for requesting  trump  name on his coffee cup. pic.twitter.com/wlboxgzezf  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) november 18
 
 
 trump bashing ad [video]"
"imagine going over 80k into debt for your children to be even stupider than before their  education  pic.twitter.com/1um9ry2ma8  viktor lepen (@viktorfiel) november 17
"megyn kelly started out like a shooting star as an anchor on fox news but is now crashing down in so many ways. here s the latest epic failure she s been out hawking her new book all over the place but the people just aren t buyin  it. what s even better is they re totally ripping her in the amazon reviews and giving her one out of five stars (see below).we d like to say that a big dose of karma has hit ms. kelly and we can t think of a more deserving person.she literally used her position against donald trump to promote her book and career. who knows if her accusations that donald trump screamed at her are true. how can he defend himself from the horrible things she s said about him?we think his supporters have done a great job of helping him out. amazon is on fire with one star reviews for kelly. we think she should rename her book  settle for more  to  settle for one star real
 
"approximately one year ago
 the more it takes away his power”"
 
 
 
"when asked why they re protesting
"glenn beck has just proven once again
".@kriskobach1787: trump has made clear that sanctuary cities could lose federal grants if the mayors continue to defy federal law pic.twitter.com/mgryjdcdfi  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) november 15
 
"trump will bring churchill back to the white house after obama embarrassed himself and our nation by removing the bust and replacing it with a picture of himself on the cover of the radical leftist rag
"isn t it the job of the current president to call for calm? these are his supporters rioting in the streets!pres. obama says he told trump
 it’s a tantrum” [video]"
"trump warned us we d be sick of winning who knew cnn would be sick of winning before trump even officially assumes his role of president? the big surge on november 7 snapped a nine-day losing streak for stocks that many attributed to donald trump s newfound momentum. wall street had decided clinton was going to be the next president   and they wholeheartedly approved.so the fact that the market continued to rally last week after trump won is
"but is threatening trump on social media considered a serious crime? will he be locked up? (read below to find answer to this question)matt harrigan at packetsledmatt harrigan is the ceo of packetsled and critical assets and a board member for owasp is calling for an assassination. call the police
"woman arrested at anti-trump protest in fort lauderdale after throwing water on trump supporters.pic.twitter.com/mxge5qooyi  breaking911 (@breaking911) november 14

 it’s called construction”"
"there have been many articles written about george soros and his collectivist activism. soros is a business magnate
"portland rioters have been chasing a trump supporters truck for 8 blocks. pic.twitter.com/zjyr5c5h5x  just call me mister (@mistermetokur) november 11
 blocking roads
 
"nothing says  thanksgiving  or  family  like a room full of brain washed liberals sitting around the dinner table talking about ways to strip americans of their constitutional rights this thanksgiving
"the chance encounter a mother hiking with her daughter had with hillary clinton the day after losing the election may not be what it has been made out to seem.margot gerster was out hiking with her daughter when she ran into hillary and bill clinton in the upstate new york town of chappaqua
"hillary clinton matched president obama s historically low percentage of the jewish vote
"knowing there were problems ahead for the jews
"okay
"thanks to george soros
"one agent   gilad azaria   has 7 listings in trump buildings
 crybaby anti-trump punks: “if you’re on any government assistance…i would cut you off!”"
watch the video below and you ll understand that this man did exactly what any armed person should do. great job!via: legal insurrection
 
"robert de niro gave anti-donald trump protesters across the united states his backing friday as he spoke about how  depressed  the tycoon s win in the presidential election had made him.the 73-year-old star was on the red carpet at the world premiere of his new film  the comedian  in los angeles when he was asked how he was coping with trump s victory over democratic rival hillary clinton. how am i doing? i m very depressed
"the seven harsh realities that the millennial snowflakes need to learn:1. your feelings are largely irrelevant2. you cannot be whatever you want to be3. gender studies is a waste of money4. if you live in america
"the leftist teachers and the press are part of the huge problem of misinformation about donald trump. they are partly to blame for the violence and hate out there. here s a perfect example: a self-described mentor for the girl who attacked jade urged compassion for the suspended student.  we don t want a mistake during a highly emotional and intense time to affect her long-term future
"a comparison of records by david goldstein
 
 
 
 race riots
"this is obama s legacy of hate and division
"justice for children without voices: we have spoken to detective luerra with arcola police department and confirmed that the children seen in the video are safe and a case now has been opened. arcola police department is diligently working with cps and the district attorney s office. we want to send a huge thank you to deputy fisherhill and detective luerra for the fast response in making sure these children are safe. and a huge thank you to all of our members who gave this child a voice and helped us get the info to the correct investigating department. we look forward to working with this department
"this is fantastic! mike rowe tells a fan why trump won nails it! here is rowe s post from his facebook page:hey mike. you ve been very quiet. everything ok? i just wanted you to know that i voted for you. i was also hoping you might explain what the hell happened on tuesday
 
ronald reagan shut down the berkeley protests many years ago this is how you do it! 
"here s what the election map for crooked hillary vs. trump in oregon looked:due to extensive criminal and dangerous behavior
" you re carrying mexican flags while chanting
 
"keep in mind
"it s easy to glance at tuesday s popular vote   which
"during the first half of their extended post-election coverage wednesday evening
"this is 1 of 7 anti-trump rallies raging across america. wouldn t it make sense for obama and soros to prey on the anger so many americans are feeling right now over trump s win?according to social media posts by komo-tv and other sources
"they pulled every trick in the book. from manufactured polls designed to discourage trump supporters from going to vote on election day
 
" thousands of students from berkeley high school walked out of class and flooded the uc berkeley campus wednesday morning in protest of tuesday night s general election victory for republican nominee donald trump.the outraged reaction to the announcement of trump s victory follows the chaotic scene earlier this morning
"stop blaming white people for trumps win last night. america voted for actual change. pic.twitter.com/ulisjcoiig  stacy washington (@stacyontheright) november 9
 then says he’s not gonna blame anyone [video]"
 
"we all know by now that the biggest threat to the integrity of our vote is our very own president
 
"a bernie sanders supporter who slammed hillary clinton at her own rally in iowa was kicked off stage after urging attendees not to vote for clinton because you can t trust her.kaleb vanfosson
"trump is going to win in a landslide
"republican national committee (rnc) chairman reince priebus reacted to fbi director james comey s letter on sunday informing congress the agency will not change its previous decision to not recommend criminal charges against hillary clinton in the e-mail probe.priebus released the following statement reminding voters the fbi continues to investigate the clinton foundation: the fbi s findings from its criminal investigation of hillary clinton s secret email server were a damning and unprecedented indictment of her judgment. the fbi found evidence clinton broke the law
"these people are sick and evil. they will stop at nothing to get their way. laws mean nothing to them
"the only way hillary and tim kaine can win this election at this point
watch:here s the truth about the clinton foundation and how they  helped  the haitians: 
"the report exposed in an email shared by wikileaks shows the results of a review that was completed in 2011
"comedian dave chappelle has been prepping for his november 12 hosting slot on saturday night live with a series of surprise shows at the cutting room in new york. on friday night
"secret service agents rushed donald trump offstage on saturday evening during a rally in reno
"the clintons were the original  birthers
 
 stronger
"for all the hate democrats openly express for fox news
"**language warning***many people don t know this
"this is truly a chilling story of organized voter fraud we reported on a massive voter fraud operation was discovered in democratic broward county
"julian assange met with john pilger of dartmouth films to discuss what he thinks is the most significant revelation of all in his wikileaks email dumps related to the clinton s.here is a stunning portion of their exchange:assange:  isil and isis are funded by saudi arabia and qatar
"too bad for hillary she wasn t actually telling the truth that time watch: hillary clinton saying in 2000 that she doesn't like emails because you can't hide it from investigators. pic.twitter.com/dhr7cnz8bc  the vice president (@mikepencevp) july 31
"the fbi reportedly has found emails from hillary clinton s private server on the laptop computer seized from anthony weiner   and they are not duplicates of those already found in the server probe
 doesn’t he?"
"the most  transparent administration in history  will go down in history as the most corrupt president obama only learned of hillary clinton s private email address use for official state department business after a new york times report
 it’s cuz you want the (food) stamps…get your a*s up and get to work
 in-fighting between fbi agents"
 hillary clinton is under investigation by the law again [video]"
"her husband s overseas in the military
"are the most criminal
"fox news host bill hemmer asked congressman michael mccaul (r-tx)
" is a screen shot of the letter in a  tweet from fox news with a copy of the entire letter (harder to view):#breaking: @floridagop & @blaiseingoglia alleging ""violations"" by broward co. election office w/ ballot-by-mail counting. letter attached: pic.twitter.com/muu483fifl  heather lacy (@heather_lacy1) november 2
 other crooked democrats [video]"
"wow!  thrill up his leg  for obama
"a longtime clinton ally and donor has a theory about black republicans: they re like the jewish guards in concentration camps who tried to save their own skins by helping the nazis kill jews. in a hidden-camera video released wednesday by project veritas action
"in 2008 barack obama promised to shut down the coal industry:hillary also promised to shut down the coal industry as part of her campaign platform. when politicians like barack obama and hillary put special interests and lobbyists who are using phony climate change to collect billions in federal  green subsidies  over working americans
"michelle obama has scrubbed any reference to hillary from her twitter account what? like with a cloth or something? lol!seriously though
" it s highly illegal and it s likely that the owners of these aircraft took tax deductions as a gift to the clinton foundation
"just look away. the democrats don t have any plans to steal your vote. if you don t believe us
"hey bernie how s that whole queen of wall street/ democrat mob boss endorsement working out for you?wikileaks has released another batch of emails. one of those emails is likely from joel johnson
"ohio governor john kasich
"this latest wikileaks email is evidence of more than just  smoke where hillary s concerned it places her in the middle of the fire. will the fbi finally take the appropriate actions and give hillary the same treatment every other american would receive
 top doj official in hillary fbi probe: he “kept me of jail”"
"please go to the best mulch facebook page and give them a thumbs up!thank you all for the overwhelming support! we have gone viral! please feel free to stop by and take pictures with hillary! she will be out from dusk until dawn!originally i only had the trump sign posted in front of my business
"it s okay he was probably just a racist white kid with republican parents on a positive note
"is this apology too little too late? after one year of bashing trump
"this video shows the frightening ease with which a hacker is able to completely change the outcome of an election. at the end of the video
"jimmy carter s democrat pollster pat caddell is predicting a trump tsunami
"here is danney williams tragic story. there is something very sweet and sincere about this young man. he comes across as very credible
"you just can t make this up! cnn fires black democrat operative/chairman for getting caught giving debate question she got from cnn to hillary prior to the debate. we re just wondering out loud
 throw hillary under the bus on fbi investigation?"
"same-sex marriages
"the truth hurts  the idea that there are people in america who would willingly vote for a person to be our next president
"hillary gives pay-to-play a whole new meaning lady gaga
"this is hands down the best commentary yet on the democrats and the crooked
"scumbag senator harry reid (d-nv) lays bare how democrats handle anyone who opposes them in his arrogant
"one can only imagine what kind of relationship hillary has with her very close top aide s soon to be ex-husband fox news sunday reported this morning that anthony weiner is cooperating with the fbi
"the woman whose criminal investigation has been reopened by the fbi is speaking to a sparsely populated black church in ft. lauderdale florida. we are only 9 days away from the election people and this woman still can barely fill a phone booth with legitimate supporters hillary clinton at mount olive baptist church fort lauderdale pic.twitter.com/czgrubr9sn  amy sherman (@amysherman1) october 30
"pop star madonna got raunchy while introducing comedian amy schumer at a performance in new york city tuesday night
via: tmz
a lawless party whose end always justifies the means why wouldn t everyone want another lawless president residing over our nation from a party with no morals or respect for the laws of our nation?
"the days of the leftist media controlling the narrative are officially over donald trump and melania trump held and interview with george stephanopoulos from abc news. stephanopoulos always tries to come across as some sort of intellectual non-biased journalist but this is far from the truth.stephanopoulos worked for the clintons in the 1990 s and was the white house communications director from 1992 through 1996.george also donated to the clinton foundation and was noted in wikileaks as one of the many media  journalists  doing all they can to get hillary elected.but he got trumped   at the 18 min 40 second mark of the interview he asks trump if he would have done anything different and trump s response was epic.george stephanopoulos: when you look back over the sweep of this campaign
"leave your cowboy boots and hawaiian leis at home this halloween unless you want to hear from university of texas-austin administrators.sorority and fraternity life
"nbc reports:the fbi is reviewing a new batch of hillary clinton emails
"crooked hillary has always been crooked. she s just been better than anyone america s ever seen at not getting caught on september 5
"a woman in hollywood
 
 as new details emerge"
"barack obama and hillary are both advocates of open-borders. they privately use their position on open-borders and amnesty to gain support from catholics and bleeding-heart liberals. the pretend to be a champion of the hispanic community. but are leaders who encourage people from other nations to cross over our borders illegally really committing an act of compassion? children are being moved across our borders with total strangers posing as parents or relatives and being left for our government to figure out how to care for them. citizens from other countries infected with deadly diseases cross our borders and then move around freely in our society
 triggering sh*t…and post it all over social media” [video]"
"this ad is disgusting in so many ways. the video shows a group of kids bullying and name calling another kid because his dad didn t vote. we ve seen these tactics used before with union members and other leftists in the democrat party. but at a time when schools and parents are being asked to be more vigilant about bullying
 “why can’t you go any closer?”"
"watch cnn
"brunell donald-kyei:  we want tougher immigration. to make sure that our borders are safe! that we are not fighting illegal aliens and refugees for jobs! americans are tired of fighting other people for jobs! that frustration is real. that hurt is real. and for the pols and different people to dismiss that? it s not right! the most important issue to me is economics. because the last eight years   the economy   the poor people of this nation have suffered. the middle class has suffered. and let me tell you something: the american people don t want to be dealing with a president going into office with all the baggage
 children and senior citizens? [video]"
 democratic operative
"watch hillary laugh when the woman who is introducing her at one of her tiny rallies
very interesting remarks from a guy who is in up to his neck with the underbelly of the democrat party 
"students at the university of california
"breaking: #timkaine rally only about 30 people show up. her campaign is dead in #florida nobody wants #hillaryclinton serial liar corrupt pic.twitter.com/vgnwghxxgs  trump street team fl (@chatrevolve) october 24
"the environmental protection agency is looking to hire 15  diversity and inclusion specialists
"a group of  deplorables  who are clearly sick and tired of the propaganda being passed off as  truth  by the clinton news network (cnn) managed to effectively shut down their pre-coverage of the virginia beach trump rally. you gotta love the big guy wearing the infowars bill clinton  rape  t-shirt. you can hear the trumpers yelling
"those who were  shocked  by the latest abc / washington post goal seeking report (aka  poll ) that shows hillary opening up a 12-point lead with likely voters after the latest debate last wednesday need to look a little further. ironically
"many of the hacks on this list like rachel maddow
"wikileaks released an email from center for american progress president neera tanden
" clinton s radicalized rhetoric has championed both bans on what she calls  weapons of war
"  this facebook user s comment about  donald duck  is in reference to new video that was just released today by project veritas
"wikileaks released another email showing how phony hillary s campaign has been from the start. americans should never believe the polls. hillary has never given americans a reason to want to get behind her. its why she and her camp
 close hillary friend gave wife of fbi official overseeing hillary email investigation $467
 
dennis ross is a prior obama and clinton crony goes on to speak without any questioning from shawn and then at the end shawn speaks of ross and his  decades of experience propaganda!!! 
 vandalism
"many americans were shocked by the latest abc/washington post goal seeking report (aka  poll ) that shows hillary opening up a 12-point lead with likely voters after the latest debate last wednesday. ironically
 
former u.s. attorney joseph digenova slammed fbi director james comey s handling of the investigation into hillary clinton s private email server. digenova says  people both currently in the fbi and with the fbi consider comey to be a dirty cop. 
 but wikileaks emails aren’t [video]"
" one party favors open borders
"about 14
  
" the first time i heard negan ask for  50 percent of everything you had
"besides nancy pelosi
"four months ago
"father gerald murphy goes off on hillary clinton following her speech at the al smith elite charity dinner last night in new york
"every single day for months on end
***share this hill-arious video everywhere!***
"the women in this video are serious minded voters. they are moms who fear for the safety of their children and grandchildren. they speak for so many of us who are sick and tired of living under a government who puts the safety and security of our nation after political correctness.we are living in perilous times
"why is this woman not in jail?the evidence is overwhelming that hillary was putting our national security at risk by taking money for the clinton foundation slush fund from foreign governments while secretary of state
 
 by allowing sexual predator
"there are startling accusations against a norman teacher.a student said the premise of his lecture stated all white people are racist.the norman north student said the teacher was lecturing on how to  heal the racial divide. she was stunned by what was being taught
"google trends can be very telling. these google trends comparing users interest in donald j. trump vs. hillary clinton say a lot about who americans are more interested in learning more about. while the results of these searches are likely not based on an oversampled group of democrats
 
 while hillary was forced to admit support for barbaric partial-birth abortion"
 
hillary s such a champion of gay rights that her campaign is being funded by countries who throw gays off buildings. watch hillary laugh about it when donald j. trump brings it up during their final debate:hill-arious!
"last night during the third debate
"is it not enough that hillary has compromised our national security with her unsecured email server that contained top classified security emails? in her rush to prove how much more she knows that donald j. trump when it comes to national security
"here is the list of republicans who won t support trump. the candidates highlighted in blue are in close races in their states.hmmm .i wonder how many of these politicians wouldn t be in close races today if they had endorsed trump? kelly ayotte
"this video should open the eyes of every american who doesn t understand the seriousness of putting political correctness before our freedoms
"clinton news network  a propaganda arm of the clinton campaign
"nc republican headquarters firebombed by the terrorists on the leftindiana republican office vandalized:delaware county
" we have always adhered to the highest standards of transparency and legality  lol! sounds like he may be living in an alt-left world andrew breitbart would be so proud of james o keefe if he were alive today. we are in a serious #war with the left and o keefe is on the front lines.robert creamer
"don t believe the polls. they are created in such a way (many by hillary operatives or supporters) to discourage voters from turning out to vote on nov. 8th. if america is to defeat the massive voter fraud by democrats that we ve been witnessing on undercover videos and reading in newspapers
"the ecuadorian government admitted on tuesday they cut julian assange s internet on saturday due to his interference with the us elections.assange and wikileaks have released over 12
 
 
"some of the most divisive
"j. christian adams: dead people are voting and it s something this administration does not want to do anything about. they must like it. they must like who they are voting for  now we have four million
"most of the documents are testimonies provided to federal investigators in interviews the agents conducted with witnesses.in one of the documents
"melanie trump is more than just a pretty face. she is brilliant and is not likely someone who is pushed around. in her interview on fox & friends that will air on tuesday between 6-9 am est
"poor old crooked hillary the hits are coming faster than she can lie her way out of them matt drudge of the drudge report has warned hillary clinton that he s about to drop a bombshell about her  sex stuff  saturday morning. oh
" graphic
"after only serving less than 4 years on the bench
 
"wow! cnn host chris cuomo tells viewers it s illegal to read the wikileaks emails
"several attendees left republican presidential nominee donald trump s saturday rally in bangor to find their parked cars vandalized with white spray paint.a bangor police spokesman said officers were  seeking witnesses and reviewing video  in the criminal mischief case at the new york city billionaire s us-against-them speech blasting   a rigged system  at the cross insurance center.more than 20 cars parked between the bangor raceway and buck street were hit with lines of white paint. attendees said the owners of some of the cars appeared to drive off without noticing without the vandalism.paul foster
" members of the intelligence committee simply don t want hillary as next president of the united states as barack obama blames russia for hacking hillary s emails and vows to pay back putin with a massive cyber attack fox news contributor judge napolitano explains why the nsa
"add one more person whose career or life has been destroyed by the clinton s as they scratch and claw their way into the white house actress and comedienne roseanne barr revealed that she paid a high price for crossing hillary clinton.barr believes her talk show was cancelled after she gave paula jones
"danney williams has been begging for bill clinton to acknowledge him for decades. in the video below
 robotic liar with lifelong appetite for power” [video]"
" friends of bill long-secret emails just caught team hillary in another blatant lie   namely
"after years and even decades in some cases
"trump s latest accuser
"every day we hear of more voter fraud being uncovered across the united states. this is nothing new and every election we read about more and more early voter fraud being committed. when will republicans stop cowering to threats of  racism  and voter suppressions levied by the very people who are stealing our votes?there s a mere four weeks left to go before the presidential election
"putin tells russian army to prepare for wwwiii with u.s while obama whines about trump campaigns for hillary is our community organizer in chief actually willing to put our nation s security at risk because he believes putin is responsible for hillary s email hacks? what kind of sick
"it should be the lead story on every network
"notify the cdc. it's spreading. #bencarson #morningjoe #trumpflu   bcp (@b_c_p_source) october 14
 
 
 smear bill’s rape
"here s what we ve got with the new e-mails and it s a doozy:the internet is blowing up over a document regarding supreme court justice scalia.a new theory has emerged that hillary clinton and her lackeys are linked to justice scalia s death.tmn today reported:the theory comes from a wikileaks email from hillary s chairman john podesta to dc lobbyist steve elmendorf. elmendorf was also the former chief of staff to democratic leader dick gephardt.podesta writes
dr. gina loudon went on cnn today to discuss the fallacious  groping  accusations against donald trump. per wikileaks we know that cnn is working with the clinton campaign to destroy donald trump. numerous leaked emails by wikileaks prove that they have combined efforts to bring down the republican candidate.this isn t the first time brooke baldwin has been embarrassed by a conservative who destroys her argument and makes her look like an uneducated leftist. she famously interrupted a republican who brought up hillary s destruction of 13 mobile devices with hammers. you can watch her freak after on-air  fact-check  here.dr. gina was supposed to discuss alleged groping incidents with donald trump. gina dropped a bomb! .via: gateway pundit
"hillary s campaign has been working in coordination with the mainstream media for months to hide donald j. trump s popularity with the  everyday americans  hillary claims to be a champion of. pennsylvania is one state the democrat party would never have believed would be in jeopardy only one month before the election
"protester with  rape  sign is tackled at #clinton rally in #las vegas pic.twitter.com/sjvgvfnpgt  john treanor (@newstreanor) october 13
"anonymous is a loosely associated international network of activists and hacktivists. they have made a video threatening they are are about to plunge the election into chaos for sexual abuse enabler crooked hillary
"in another wikileaks email dump
"democrats are on the move. they are panicking over the size of trump s rallies vs. hillary s. they will do whatever is necessary to hold on to power. americans need to vigilant. we all need to get involved in working to help out with voter registration and to keep an eye on the process. we all need to get involved with the gop and become poll challengers on election day in precincts
"the media would like voters to believe that trump is losing supporters
"28 year old abdullah faris freatekh
hillary probably didn t know anything about this one either .  s the wikileaks link to this story.
"what a funny guy! i m sure every woman on that campaign plane that he violated with his repulsive
"that explains the sudden interest for hillary on college campuses the  media  has been hiding hillary s tiny crowds for over a year and suddenly
"as a catholic
"this story of corruption and collusion is mind boggling! the manipulation of american voters is beyond comprehension researchers and political analysts frequent cth because we bring you hard
"this video will leave you breathless
 hard-working
"a longtime republican financial backer who attended a new york fundraiser held by chris christie for donald trump thursday tells the daily caller that most republican donors are on board with trump
 “unaware” supporters not as easy to manipulate as before"
"how did we ever get to the point where we would even  consider electing a woman who is the most well-known liar in america? the media has been buzzing since what many consider an inappropriate private conversation that donald j. trump had with another man 11 years ago was released. funny how the media is willing to gloss over a shameful career of a  congenital liar  simply because her last name is clinton (wife of the former president bill clinton who was impeached for lying under oath to a grand jury) and because she comes equipped with the right genitatlia   americans of all political persuasions are coming to the sad realization that our first lady   a woman of undoubted talents who was a role model for many in her generation   is a congenital liar.drip by drip
"dunham interviewed clinton in 2015 and the topic of kravitz s  wardrobe malfunction  during a stockholm concert
"wow way to appeal to an almost exclusively female audience! because every woman who s been raped
 lily-livered republicans’ put on ‘despicable display of cowardice’ by abandoning trump”"
"health professionals have been speculating for months that hillary s odd behavior and inability to stand or walk without help is likely related to parkinson s disease. that would explain the videos where hillary is seen having what appears to be having a seizure. since seizures are triggered by flashes
"hillary got her butt kicked last night. trump pulled out every stop and hammered her on almost every one of her lies. she was obviously shaken by a number of things
"wow! these women are incredibly brave. paula jones
" impartial  is not a word most people who know debate moderator martha raddatz would use to describe her. here is a stunning story breitbart news broke with amazing former liberal anita moncrief:one of the co-moderators of the presidential debate in st. louis
"wow! if i were hillary
"hillary s foreign policy spokesperson showed his hand tonight when he saw crooked hillary getting hammered by trump in the second debate.lehrich lost it after trump s brilliant response after hillary attempted to use the death of muslim-american captain khan to somehow show that trump is a xenophobe. trump told hillary if he were president
"it s not a big surprise given her propensity for lying
"the list of hypocrites and sore losers who are taking aim at trump instead of the real enemy
 abusive rants: “where’s the miserable c*ck sucker?”…and more"
"open borders/immigrationtrade/overregulationforeign policynow that s what we need to discuss but will america get over the reality tv sort of political season we re having? here s what i m hoping i m hoping americans finally realize we have way too much to lose in this election than to be swayed by something someone said 10 years ago: this election cycle
longtime friend and clinton advisor diane blair released hillary s uncensored remarks about the 22 year old intern monica lewinsky her husband pursued and had sex with in america s oval office. narcissistic looney toon  is how hillary described her. wow! way to show your compassion for a young influential girl who was pursued by your husband for the purposes of pleasuring him. what a true champion of women 
"spoken like a true gentleman and warrior in america s fight to defeat the left the recent disclosure of lewd conversations donald trump had over a decade ago has caused some disillusionment among gop stalwarts and conservative voters. in no way do i condone trump s behavior   in fact i condemn any form of disrespect towards women.we should always honor and respect the dignity of our mothers
 leftist cable audiences with brutal message [video]"
 sexually abusing them"
 
 two can play this game! [video]"
 
"no wonder she didn t want anyone to see her speeches. she was singing the praises of trump before she even knew he was going to defeat her in the general election from wikileaks email dump: secretary clinton: that s a really interesting question. you know
"leaked emails from hillary clinton campaign manager john podesta s personal email account published by wikileaks reveal the clinton campaign s coordination with george soros s open society foundations on the subject of police reform.soros
"huh? this could be one of the most damning emails yet
"wow! talk about putting our nation s security at risk a nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation  -ronald reagandemocratic presidential candidate hillary clinton told executives at a brazilian bank in a private speech that she wants open borders for the united states
"hillary was secretary of state an unimaginable earthquake hit haiti in january 2010. 250
" here are six trivia questions to see how much history you really know. the answers are very revealing. if you don t know the answer
"despite the media s best attempts to keep the truth hidden from the public
"watch as she s speaking to a crowd in tampa
 welcome home veteran tributes"
"university of wisconsin madison
"things didn t work out very well for vince foster when he disappointed crooked hillary. does tim kaine know what he s getting himself into? maybe he should have a little sit down with bill before this thing goes too far. i mean
"sean hannity is taking a page from trump s playbook. when a member of the mainstream media or a person pretending to be a conservative commentator intentionally misrepresents you you strike back.that s exactly what hannity did.@megynkelly u should be mad at @hillaryclinton clearly you support her. and @realdonaldtrump did talk to u.   sean hannity (@seanhannity) october 6
"reckless hillary couldn t have cared less about the seriousness of exposing america s top-secret intel to the world by using an unsecured email server. why would any american want to put her in charge of our troops? why would any voter trust her with our national security. the job of commander in chief is too important to leave to a self-serving grifter simply because she is equipped with female genitalia. just ask the family of shahram amiri a friend of the us who paid the ultimate price for providing america with iran s nuclear weapons secrets while hillary was our crooked secretary of state hillary clinton used her private email server to discuss details of the iranian nuclear scientist who was executed for giving information to the cia.shahram amiri
"with absolutely nothing to back it up
"the #nfl has become a showcase for an anti-law enforcement movement inspired by barack obama
000 african americans from voting” [video]"
 
"our first female candidate for president is so crooked and dirty that she actually used a teenage girl actress to stage a question designed to trash trump at her haverford
"here s a video posted on the donald reddit earlier on tuesday of bill clinton putting his hand in between the legs of a flight attendant or campaign assistant. the woman then removes bill s hand.we re not sure exactly when this video of bill clinton (likely early 90 s) being caught groping this flight attendant took place
"a legacy of hate and division from an unapologetic and arrogant president who promised to  transform  the united states of america. and so it goes
 
 went all over the world to bankrupt him
"big brother is alive and well 3 months only 3 months in obamaland surveillance on muslim terror suspects is considered islamaphobia
"a former muslim and donald trump supporter who fled islam-controlled kuwait years ago has a warning for americans this election cycle.sarah
"hillary won t be able to claim a vast right-wing conspiracy when she sees the article the left-leaning new york times published. the article outlines how hillary aggressively pursued the women her husband willingly chose to have sex with while he was married to her. hillary never considered the women her philandering husband had sexual relations with were merely victims of a serial sexual abuser. he was her ticket to the ultimate power. the truth of the matter is
" people have a right to understand who it is they re electing
"the enthusiasm for hillary is well underwhelming to say the least. two of hillary s campaign events in akron
 nc church…tiny room in toledo
 so illegally shoot the son-of-a-b*tch!”"
"the office of immigration statistics reported that of the 188
"hillary clinton is the last person you want placing a target on your back the list of people who ve paid a heavy price for betraying her is pretty long julian assange announced sunday he was cancelling his much anticipated announcement on leaked clinton documents. assange said he was cancelling the planned speech due to security concerns.to silence wikileaks
"do black lives really matter to the clinton s?it s the lead story today on the drudge report danney williams
 after hillary caught saying he lied to supporters about free stuff"
"as a woman
"while the media salivates over the illegal release of trump s tax documents and criticize him for using legal tax loopholes to avoid paying taxes to our corrupt government
"my husband and i sat in a restaurant booth last night in michigan and listened to group of college administrators talking about how best to address  sexual fluidity  in the classroom. i heard words like  binary  and  confused  and  in search of sexual identity  being thrown around as if they were the most important issues college kids are facing today. there was no mention of academics
"it was only a matter of time we can t keep our borders open to anyone who cares to cross over
"hillary has been stirring up the hateful movement obama
"the hypocrisy of our media is astounding! what about hillary s major corporate donors like ge for example
"the most unpopular
" in a lame effort to score political points for hillary clinton
 while obama campaigns for hillary"
leftist pigs inspired by the hateful rhetoric of hillary and obama s party so this happened  a group of hispanics drove around their city to steal trump signs.one young woman resisted their thievery so they beat her in her front yard.obama s america.
"first
"apparently this protester believes americans should think twice before putting an accused serial rapist back into our white house:protestor on fox & friends shouts ""bill clinton is a rapist!"" #basementdwellers pic.twitter.com/9dpstlanqu  asa j   (@asamjulian) october 1
"we re just wondering if the state of mn has ever considered giving us veterans the same consideration? or is this an exclusive offer given to african refugees because they contribute so much to our economy or wait do they? in the usa
 not ‘silenced’ her. liar”"
"america has never seen two people living in the white house play the victim card with such frequency and with such passion. the truth of the matter is
 let’s go!”"
hillary should have done her homework before she chose this former miss universe to disparage trump s character 
 needs assistance walking at tiny rally in ft. pierce florida [video]"
"it s amazing these leftist hacks haven t been cancelled yet. apparently there are still women out there with nothing better to do than watch a show about women who
 
" punishment is not for revenge
"during wednesday s presidential town hall on cnn
"maybe comedy is a better career choice for gary gary johnson
***warning***this video is graphic!***
"poor bernie. he s been a public servant his whole life and what does he have to show for it? after hillary stole the election from him
"smug liberal newspapers and tv networks have paid a heavy price  for their criticism of trump. americans think of trump as the underdog in this race and there s nothing worse than piling on the underdog. for these liberal hacks who have been writing their leftist opinions as opposed to real news for decades
"this story is a perfect example of why barack and hillary are in such a big hurry to bring foreigners into our country. it doesn t matter if american citizens are on the hook to support them and their extended families for decades to come. what matters is how they vote
 former beauty queen will backfire"
"a new york man was stunned this week to find out who stole his donald trump yard signs   the former vice president of academic affairs at a local college.charlie tulumello of amherst put recording equipment in his yard after pro-trump yard signs kept disappearing in the middle of the night. seven signs in total disappeared before the culprit   former keuka college administrator norman muir   was finally caught.  the first ones i thought maybe they were kids
"this unbelievable graph should put the question of
000 away"
"it s hard to imagine so many people would lie to the this reporter about a debate they never saw. but we are living in the  age of hillary  where lying is perfectly acceptable if you re attempting to reach a lifelong goal of breaking a glass ceiling (or 13 cellphones) with a hammer!not that we re keeping score
"how many more symptoms need to be uncovered before hillary comes clean? why would anyone want to take on the position of commander in chief if they aren t even well enough to walk without assistance? in the tunnel to clinton s vehicle after the debate
"in this video white people are asked how they feel about the  black lives matter  sign. while they may not agree with its sentiment for whatever reason
 cheerful” families…could be “dangerous right-wingers”"
" don t shoot him
"debate officials have released the details of monday night s presidential debate between democrat hillary clinton and republican donald trump.this be will the country s first chance to see the candidates go 1-on-1 and answer questions on key issues
"the democrats are in full panic-mode over crooked hillary as she continues to plummet in the polls. liberal ca congresswoman
 but you’re a traitor to your race”"
 but hillary wins presidency…huh? [video]"
" barry
"wow! moonbeam johnson addresses three issues he feels are very pressing! it s very scary to think 5-7% of americans say they d vote for him if the election was held today johnson claims things have never been better in america:  we get along with each other better that ever.  lol!sunday on abc s  this week
"just when you thought there was nothing barack hussein obama could do to shock you this christian pastor s story is revealed. how much money does an american who spends 3 1/2 years in an iranian prison leave with? enough for a one-way ticket home to the u.s?iranian president hassan rouhani spoke before the united nations general assembly thursday despite protests from iranian-americans who feel iran s human rights situation has worsened after sanctions were modified earlier this year.pastor saeed abedini
"some 2
"we are witnessing the slow death of political correctness in america. americans are waking up to this nonsense and we will no longer stand for the left defining what is acceptable behavior or choosing the words we are allowed to use. this woman did the right thing by exposing these walmart workers in ga. we must not retreat or roll over for these social justice warriors. we must expose them every time they attempt to control the narrative. we are in a war for our constitutional rights. we must never back down from this fight three walmart workers in mcdonough
"this is just stunning! free speech in our nations capitol under obamas reign is now determined by your political bent live video archived at periscope shows u.s. park police officers detaining and searching a peaceful anti-hillary clinton demonstrator in the area of the opening ceremony for the national museum of african-american history on the national mall in washington
"the drudge report has gained access to the rules for the upcoming mega-debate between hillary and trump. hillary s always angling for an advantage
"this is just idiotic! a couple of liberal brainiacs decided to steal a trump sign. the only problem is that they did it in a company truck! duh!#saturdaymorning idiots steal trump sign in company truck!busted: wow pool & lawn services -naples
"this double standard surprises no one who s paying attention to the radical leftist media who decides is a legitimate target and who is not seattle mariners catcher steve clevenger has been suspended for criticizing black lives matter and president obama. blm is pathetic once again! obama you are pathetic once again! everyone involved should be locked behind bars like animals!  the backup catcher tweeted out about the riots in charlotte. he also tweeted
"the first black (and half white) president has successfully created the most divisive america we have seen since the civil rights movement. he probably forgot he was raised by white grandparents
"the new york times released a dramatic video today of the  shooting death of a black man
 heels being sucker punched in face
"the 2014 irs filings for the clinton foundation were recently released and the numbers were absolutely sickening. out of $91.3 million spent in 2014
"democrats don t care if this legal immigrant has a job. making america work again is not something they have very much interest in addressing. what s most important to them is how the illegal immigrants they have welcomed into our country with open arms will vote there s one question sandra langlois is sick of hearing in job interviews. do you speak spanish? langlois doesn t   and doesn t think she should have to.at 42
"i wish this was a joke!#blacklivesmatter protesters
 
"because if you re a young white guy walking through a parking lot by yourself at night in charlotte
wow! bravo tomi! you really nailed it this time enjoy! this notion that  political incorrectness  is somehow responsible for terror attacks is absolute bs! do you think we are stupid? how dare you blame this crap on donald trump! excuse me? was he secretary of state? did 4 americans die on his watch in benghazi? 
"the left has been organizing for decades
"monica crowley offers some of the most brilliant political analysis in conservative media. she is brilliant
"protest underway in charlotte:  things got completely out of hand    @boris_sanchez is on the ground w/ the latest.   anderson cooper 360  (@ac360) september 22
"local charlotte
"dividing america will be obama s legacy. hillary continues to prove that she is committed to keeping his legacy of hate and division alive. what hillary doesn t get is that the majority of americans are not buying into obama s divisive legacy that pits gays against straight people
"the extremely exhausted hillary and her extremely boring vp pick have written a book that is currently #5
"hillary spoke to a very small group of students at temple university. with a total student population of just under 38
"watch thugs protest cop killing by committing crimes43-year-old black man
"unidentified man helping to organize protests in suburbs tells mark barber of wsoc:  we need to go where the immediate threat is at. whether it s a threat or not
"who could forget mitt romney s second and third debates with barack obama? after the first debate
 ‘how many people lost their lives?'”"
"hillary is without a doubt
"will this finally be the straw that breaks the camel s back? wow and it s not even october yet! things are not looking good for #crookedhillary the house oversight committee is reviewing a reddit post that alleges an it specialist who worked on hillary clinton s private server sought advice on how to alter the contents of  very vip  emails
"this is not just a win for the  alt-right  or for the republican party
"on september 15
"on september 15
"it seems that colin kaepernick has become more of an influence in our youths life then any of us would have hoped for. on one hand it is amazing that an entire high school football team wanted to  protest social injustices
 mn terror attacks: “i’m just grateful that nobody got hurt” [video]"
"how many hillary supporters does it take to fill a basket of serious sex offenders? let s see
 “helped his family…never had a violent history”"
"on the show
"obama s narcacism was in full swing on saturday night at the 46th annual legislative conference phoenix awards dinner of the congressional black caucus. he spoke for almost a half an hour about how good he has been for the country
 hillary
steven crowder knocks it out of the park with his brilliant imitation of bob ross painting a very sick hillary 
"former senate president of haiti
"hillary clinton ally david brock is offering to pay for new information on donald trump
"remember when mooch thought having #crookedhillary back in the white house wasn t in the best interest of our nation? yeah neither does she. maybe someone should remind her as she hits the campaign trail to drum up support from black female voters. i wonder if anyone is gonna miss this racist freeloader and her regular attacks on anyone whose last name isn t obama? we sure aren t going to miss 5-star mooch
"for just a little over four months
"what happens when hillary s poll numbers take a nose-dive after she s caught having convulsions in a  press-free  zone
"dr. milton wolf seems to have take offense at the diagnosis of hillary clinton. he states in no uncertain terms that  non-contagious bacterial pneumonia  does not even exist. his argument can be supported by the fact that if that was indeed what she had then why the antibiotics that supposedly don t help with bacterial type infections.you may remember dr. wolf from stories of him being obama s second cousin. he has been featured on a few mainstream media shows to discuss many different things form his familial ties to obama to his campaign for kansas state senate in 2014.these screen captures are from his recent tweets concerning hillary and her supposed diagnosis.is it possible that hillary
"hillary pretends to care about the black community. if she cared so much
000 to radical racist louis farrakhan’s organization?"
"after general powell s email server was hacked it seems that hillary and trump were not the only ones he attacked with insults and nasty rhetoric.powell went after retired lt. gen. michael flynn
"wow that s gonna leave a mark!when she s not being arrested for defacing public property
"in the end it really all comes down to character. who can you trust? who will look at you with a straight face and tell you what you want to hear
 
"scholar and journalist heather mac donald toiled away early on in her career at liberal enclaves
"even the democrat ministers can t help themselves from shutting down anyone that would dare to come into their city with an (r) after their name. and people ask why republicans don t do more outreach in minority communities. these people are clearly not throwing out the welcome mat for the man who will likely be our next president of the united states. wouldn t it have been refreshing to see this minister embrace donald trump s message of jobs for citizens and of hope for broken communities that have been ignored by democrat ruled cities for decades? the minister of a methodist church made national headlines after she scolded donald trump for injecting politics into a campaign stop.the rev. faith green timmons came on stage and stopped trump in the middle of his remarks at bethel united methodist church.watch:she told him to stay focused on the water crisis and not hillary clinton. i invited you here to thank us for what we ve done in flint
 the cars are made in mexico and you can’t drink the water in flint”"
"who knew
 not transformational…with a husband who’s still d#*king bimbos at home”"
"conservative actor rob lowe has somehow managed to continue working in an industry ruled by radical leftist activists who are notorious for punishing anyone with an opposing view. we commend lowe for taking a stand on 9-11 against these multi-millionaire athletes who feel the need to disrespect our national anthem as a way to protest their  oppression  and disdain for our law enforcement officers. rob lowe had a request for the nfl on saturday night concerning the recent protests by some players over the national anthem.during the preseason
"hillary s all about protecting women who are victims of rape unless of course her husband is the accused rapist in her first extensive interview in over a decade
 jobless
"does anyone even care that this american man was picked out of thin air to be used as a scape goat to cover for hillary s incompetence? one day he s an innocent man making third rate videos and posting them on youtube
"so much for  the most transparent administration in history because the step-daughter of theresa heinz-kerry
"it s not the first time that the name of vladimir putin has been brought up in the us presidential campaign
" little miss sunshine  has fooled a lot of people over the years into believing her she was just some innocuous
"during his performance of  born free  at a packed fenway park in boston
"after months of speculation about hillary s poor health
"does anyone else find it ironic that black multi-millionaire athletes are protesting oppression in america after 8 years of our first black president?how much courage does it take for these multi-millionaire athletes to stand in protest against the flag our us military members defend with their lives every day? members of our armed forces are making between $17
"this is how coddled kids who have never had to deal with losing an innocent family member
 expose newborn grandchildren? [video]"
"we re still waiting for the nfl to make a statement about the disrespectful protests by multi-millionaire players who plan to protest an  oppressive  america and the cops who defend the stadiums
 big money ties between fbi director james comey and #crookedhillary clinton are revealed"
"did hillary forget about her  deplorable  supporters who beat innocent trump supporters bloody at one rally after another only a few months ago? but we are the #basketofdeplorables? share this. because we aren't! pic.twitter.com/vrn2gqiyzo  black women 4 trump (@tallahfortrump) september 10
"here s the video clip that captured hillary insulting and  writing off nearly half the country. and here s mitt romney s comments at a private event that was secretly recorded. many will argue that his  47% of obama supporters are entitled  comment helped to sink his candidacy. we actually think romney was unfairly targeted for these comments
 he “humbly begs” seahawks players to not sit for national anthem"
 the klan has always been a democratic organization”[video]"
 could her rapist husband become a de facto president?"
"the obama s have convinced black communities across america they are victims. it s true they are victims
"the way trump is packing in thousands of supporters at every rally in every state he visits
"***warning***if you watch this video
"the arrogance of bill clinton is astounding. while addressing a crowd of hillary supporters in pennsylvania
"malia obama is taking a party gap year before she begins school at the prestigious harvard university. even though it was reported that barack obama was furious with the pot smoking
"feel good video of the day a female isis recruiter who planned to blow up a french train station was engaged to a jihadist who beheaded a catholic priest and the terrorist who murdered a police couple.french police believe one of the gang
"about a month ago
"so an american hostage (who should be one of our top priorities)
these images were all taken from a facebook page dedicated to capturing death threats against donald trump. i thought i had seen everything until i came upon this page. the lack of value these (mostly) young people place on the sanctity of life is stunning. how many of these people do you think have been visited by the fbi? how many of these common thugs have been arrested? what if there was a facebook page exposing the death threats made against hillary? do you think it would have been all over the news?               all of these images and the video below can be found on the operation mogul fury facebook page. we commend this person for their hard work in uncovering these vile threat spread out across so many social media accounts.
"and now a message of peace and unity from one of our neighbors to the south:  we
"libertarian presidential candidate gary johnson was asked by msnbc host mike barnacle
"she never does things the way the rest of us do. she s always got an angle she s always got a way around doing things the way the  everyday people  she claims she represents do them. how can any female  say that lying
"this is how the unions do things in america. is this where you want your money invested? bernie sanders must be so happy to have endorsed #crookedhillary it s okay to keep the money train flowing into hillary campaign coffers
 there are many  c  words for hillary but  competent  is not one of them .ouch! 
"7% of americans actually claim they ll vote for leftist candidate and faux libertarian
 as if he’s an arm of the clinton campaign” [video]"
 not white people or cops are keeping blacks down"
"you know the left has won when communism replaces education a freshman tentatively raises her hand and takes the microphone.  i m really scared to ask this
"hillary was seen passing up a bottle of water in the midst of another one of her coughing fits in front of her press cheerleaders on her new campaign plane yesterday. passing up a bottle of water in the middle of a coughing fit would seem strange
"who wrote this garble for granny clinton? she s off her rocker! yes
"am i the only one who feels like i m living in the  twilight zone  when i hear nancy pelosi begin a discussion about a certain threat to our national security by saying
"every american needs to consider this new evidence about hillary and how her campaign is helping to hide her poor health from voters unless of course
"about a month ago
"my kids draw bigger crowds at their neighborhood lemonade stands! from gp: she [hillary] will speak at luke easter park at 1:00 pm et.hillary is speaking at the park in 25 minutes with her vice presidential running mate tim kaine.so far only a couple hundred supporters have turned out to see her.crowd waiting for hillary clinton and tim kaine at luke easter park in cleveland. pic.twitter.com/b8qmtggcxn  tom troy (@tomftroy) september 5
”son of a bitch”…china makes him exit “ass” of air force one…putin has tense meeting with him [video]"
"besides trump
"wow! these are not good numbers for hillary in states where democrats have been winning for decades!heading to youngstown
"happy labor day! today is a day to celebrate working americans and the contribution they make to our nation and to its prosperity. it s also a great time to consider what obama has done to help americans get jobs
"when obama had the opportunity to speak out against 49er s quarterback colin kaepernick s disrespect for our flag
" leaked documents from left-wing financier george soros s open society foundations continue to reveal the extent to which the group has influenced the political response to europe s refugee crisis. internal documents show osf used $600
 anti-gun
 
"wow! this video really shows how the media covers for hillary
but the media s concerned trump is the threat to our national security with his  reckless words.  lol!watch #unfithillary threaten russia here:
"dear san francisco police union: we wanted you to know that if you decide to boycott the 49er s
"9-11 is a distant memory for liberals george washington university has hired a former islamic extremist to work at its center on homeland security   a man who once denounced the united states and made threats against the creators of the tv series  south park  for depicting the prophet muhammad in a bear suit.while reformed extremists have worked at universities in europe to help fight terrorism
 faith"
"donald trump just delivered a humble and heartfelt speech in detroit. s been bashed on social media all day for his visit. hillary s thugs were out in force because they re shaking in their boots that trump might win. the people deserve better and hopefully they ll wake up and break free of doing the same thing they ve done for decades. detroit needs someone like trump!doing the same thing over and over   the definition of insanity:i m protesting #trumpindetroit pic.twitter.com/uucwlm4ak8  madamecain (@madamecain) september 3
" i thought it would be easier to carry just one device for my work and for my personal emails instead of two. just the kind of person we need running our country a lying
" communism begins where atheism begins. -karl marxearly this morning
" hang-on
"the left is not able to get away with shaming conservatives as easily as they were in the past. outspoken conservative gop presidential candidates like donald trump
"dirty
"kudos to catholics4trump for providing evidence that the story hillary and her comrades in the media have been telling american voters for months about trump mocking a disabled man was nothing more than an opportunity for them to fabricate a story about trump
 wisconsin
"does anyone else get the sense biden was picked to be the vp just to make obama look smart?vice president joe biden remarked at a hillary clinton campaign event thursday that it s  ok sometimes  to be an uninformed guy who  has no idea what the hell he s talking about. biden
 recruit and admit students who are descendants of slaves they sold in 1838"
"in january 2015 a group of haitians surrounded the new york offices of the clinton foundation. they chanted slogans
 but don’t let them come in large groups…”do not say ‘all lives matter!”"
"it s easy to see why this letter went viral. bravo officer chris amos bravo!an open letter to colin kaepernick
"if the obama regime is allowed to wrest control of our elections from the states america better get used to the idea of a president #crookedhillary even before the fbi identified new cyber attacks on two separate state election boards
"such a nice little immigrant family. let s bring 100
 cruz (hillary) supporters run ads against trump in swing states [video]"
"she s the most crooked criminal to ever seek the office of president of the united states. the state department says about 30 emails that may be related to the 2012 attack on u.s. compounds in benghazi
"anyone who s paying attention to the stunning final acts by this president should not be shocked by this potential threat to the world s freedom of speech. he is anything but a  lame duck the united states could give control of one of the internet s underlying systems to the united nations after pledging not to
 minorities into corporate america"
" it s easy to blame the  white man that way
 my lungs are without air
"hillary would like american voters to believe the  alt-right  media (new nickname for media who s not afraid to  out  her and the clinton crime family) is out to get her and they would be correct. hillary and bill have been given a pass by the mainstream media for decades. thanks to alternative media sources
"beyonce gets political in her graphic anti-cop performance at the mtv vmas last night. the mtv awards use to be a fun-filled night of entertainment but now it s a chance for political activism to take center stage. prior to the show
"san fransisco 49er s quarterback colin kaepernick refused to stand during the national anthem during a recent nfl football game. he claimed he would no longer stand for a flag that represents a country who oppresses blacks. does he even know what  oppression  is?1). kaepernick coincidentally converted to islam only two months ago.2). he is engaged to nessa diab
"after watching this video
"donald trump has been crucified by the leftist mainstream media
"fans of #crookedhillary are not going to like this wikileaks founder julian assange has said that the information they have on donald trump is not  more controversial material than what comes out of donald trump s mouth every second day.   we do have some information about the republican campaign
"it s a trend! angry fans are stepping up to burn the jersey of the 49ers quarterback after he chose to stay on th bench during the national anthem. maybe he should just remain on the bench for the rest of the season! check out the awesome video below of a fan burning the jersey with the national anthem playing in the background!furious san francisco 49ers fans have started burning colin kaepernick jerseys after he refused to stand for the national anthem as part of a racial protest.one fan even played the star-spangled banner as he set light to the number 7 shirt
"an electrical contractor wrote to the 54-year-old host of  dirty jobs  to say that he finds it offensive when the media constantly refers to majority of the republican nominee s supporters as  uneducated white men. if the media is referring to trump supporters who happen to be male caucasians suffering from a lack of knowledge brought about by an absence of formal or practical instruction
"this woman should be in a jail cell not sitting around laughing and opening pickle jars on the jimmy fallon show. judicial watch s release this week of 725 pages of state department emails involving hillary clinton aide huma abedin demonstrates the obama administration considers a large percentage of the emails sent through clinton s private server too sensitive for congress or the american public to read.of the 725 pages
"apparently
 other trump supporters spit on
"megyn:  what about tim allen? you re one of the few conservatives in hollywood. you re out of the closet as a conservative. who do you like for president? megyn:  what about hillary clinton? tim allen:  all my staff
 coughing fits
"millennial propaganda tool for the democrat party
"freedom of speech is not a universally accepted right
"another stunning cover-up for #unfit hillary by her most committed media cheerleader one week ago
"hillary clinton is bending over backwards to convince american voters that donald trump is a  racist  because a white supremacist and a kkk member said they plan to vote for him. ]who eulogized kkk leader
 golf take priority over our vets: 76 yr old vet kills himself in va parking lot after er allegedly denied appointment with doctor for mental problems"
"someone should find out if hillary supporter
"wow! the university of chicago sends impressive letter to incoming freshman warning them that freedom of speech is alive and well at their college. this letter makes it pretty clear that they will not be joining with hundreds of other colleges across america to squelch the free speech rights of anyone who disagrees with the black lives matter
"unless the democrats can figure out a way to effectively steal the vote from millions
"harry reid s disrespectful comments are just another example of a leftist democrat who puts politics before honor every time.sen. harry reid is fighting back against claims that hillary clinton was responsible for the deaths of four americans in benghazi
"what a role model for mothers in america or at least for the ones who have fake names for their daughters when they use private servers to cover up their corrupt behavior wikileaks found 67 emails between hillary clinton and daughter chelsea under her fake name
"when the majority of students
"university of michigan is located in ann arbor
 free market provide much needed help for total strangers in la flood"
" the democratic presidential nominee is in the midst of a multiday
"this video proves why every american needs to know and understand our laws as they pertain to voter fraud. the average american would see this woman registering people to vote in a parking lot with a trump sign on her billboard and think nothing of it. many people would be afraid to confront her. kudos to the guy filming this incident for knowing and understanding how this woman was clearly violating voter registration laws and for videotaping it and using it as an educational tool.it would be a bonus if the woman committing voter fraud is found and punished accordingly.  remember every vote a democrat steals is a vote stolen from a legal registered voter. the democrat machine will be out in full force from now until election time. stay alert america. this is our country. millions have fought and died for our nation and we should never allow it to be stolen by people with bad intentions. if you see something say something. take a picture
"they had no basis for publishing their article and yet they published anyway. this is journalistic malpractice at its finest:from the daily mail: the book makes a number of unpleasant claims   such as one that a modeling agency melania worked for in milan before moving to new york was  something like a gentleman s club .the claims are all unsubstantiated and the mail could find no trace of the book s author
 vince foster disappear from national archives"
"if i were a european and was forced to deal with the massive influx of muslim refugees from syria
"hillary clinton adviser philippe reines at the state department contacted the nfl commissioner in 2012 to inquire about severe head injuries.hillary clinton thanked reines and added
"inclusiveness! that is the reason given in the statement by he ole miss athletic department another southern tradition bites the dust! at what point do southerners say
"god family
"for anyone who s paying attention
 strobes cause seizures [video]"
 al qaeda or muslim brotherhood"
jerry l washington asked the obvious question:  where s the black panthers and black lives matter organizations at now??? i haven t seen not 1  also please leave a donation so we can help as many families as we can who has lost everything. gofundme.com/2khyfguc 
 table
"the left showed its true colors last night with serious violence and anti-american flag burning. donald trump held a fundraiser at the minneapolis convention center that began and ended with violence and destruction. these people must not understand that punching people and burning american flags wins you zero support.it s one thing to be on opposite sides of an issue and opposite parties but this is shameful and hateful behavior by hillary s henchmen.protesters blocked the entrance hoping trump couldn t get in: then during the trump fundraiser in minneapolis
"should there be a medical test to prove the sex of an olympic athlete
"gee i sure hope their free housing
"hillary clinton is a planned parenthood s champion. she was greeted like a rock star at the planned parenthood action fund event in june
"this is a great story for anyone who doesn t understand the power one liberal judge can wield from the bench. u.s. district judge robart
"barack obama is above the law his daughter is above the law their friends are above the law chicago politics at its finest.smoking pot and twerking at lollapalooza are the least of malia obama s problems after it was just discovered who her male friend is. her right-hand man who was seen partying by her side and taking drags off her joint isn t exactly the person you would want your daughter hanging out with
"pandering hillary just took a yuge hit!republican donald trump is surging with african american voters and gaining more support from latino voters than mitt romney and john mccain.the latest la times daybreak poll has hillary up by just six-tenths of a point.trump is surging with black voters and doing better with latino voters than romney or mccain.in the last ten presidential election cycles the highest black vote share for a republican was 12% for bob dole in 1996. trump has 14.6% of the black vote in today s la times poll.here are just a few examples of support for trump from the black and hispanic community:black votes matter that's why people are leaving the democratic plantation of chains! #selfmade #trump2016 voters pic.twitter.com/lnqjlvswf9  florida street team (@chatrevolve) august 15
"way to go! target has suffered financially since the boycott over their  transgender bathroom policy so they re making a move now so little kids don t have to be exposed to transponders using their bathroom. target reportedly plans to spend $20 million on adding single-stall bathrooms to all of its locations by next year
"as progressivism gets more of a stronghold in america
"this all started a few days ago when ryan lochte claimed he was robbed and his wallet was taken:ryan lochte was reportedly held up at gunpoint this weekend in rio   apparently at a party in the city
"no one understands the dirty democrat underbelly better than stephen k. bannon. he s been in the trenches fighting with the underdog conservative movement for years. he was a close friend of andrew breitbart s and he understands better than anyone what we re really up against with hillary and how the left will stop at nothing to win. trump didn t need another go-along to get-along rino as his ceo. the new york times described bannon today as a  media firebrand.  he needed someone who doesn t think voter fraud is some made up right-wing conspiracy. bannon s studied the occupy movement
"hillary can t even find this many supporters to attend her rallies in the us! biden shouldn t have expected anything less from a majority christian nation overrun by mostly muslim  refugees the welcoming committee in belgrade
 afghanistan and rwanda"
"listening to zeke emanuel
"didn t america have to suffer through a high profile perjury case for another clinton not so many years ago? oh yeah that was bill clinton who was actually impeached for lying to a grand jury. is there a more corrupt
crooked lying hillary 
"does anyone else get the sense hillary is not quite as popular with americans as the media would like us to believe? she can barely fill a phone booth with supporters at her rallies and the activity with her social media accounts pale in comparison to donald trump s. will the media be able to convince enough americans that voters actually like or trust hillary by november? flashback to 2014
usain bolt was mid-interview when our national anthem began to play he stops to honor it! way to go! 
 assistant was catholic…takes days to id religion of muslims who commit acts of terror in us [video]"
"remember the criticism george w. bush received for not doing enough for residents of louisiana after the horrible floods caused by hurricane katrina? could you imagine the feeding frenzy by the media would have had if bush declared a state of emergency and then went golfing? the media s double standard for our organizer in chief compared to the criticism of gw bush is beyond the pale president barack obama declared louisiana was in a state of disaster on sunday after a historic flood left at least five people dead
"#unfit hillary spoke to another small crowd today in scranton
"communities like ferguson
bravo sheriff clarke! registered democrat sheriff david clarke is the only person in a position of authority in law enforcement who is brave enough to call the black lives matter movement what it truly is. he is also one of the only black leaders in america who is willing to say why we are seeing a race war and war against cops in america today. he is truly a breath of fresh air and deserves to be applauded for his courage and dedication to truth. the idea that he s a democrat is enough to make liberal heads explode!watch his epic news conference here:
"in addition to be a disgusting criminal and an idiot
"diamond and silk light up the crowd at a trump rally in nc. they remind crooked hillary
"sylville smith s sister sherelle
"he had a gun that he stole during a burglary in a suburb of milwaukee
 al-qaeda trainer"
"whenever we have a terror attack in america
"afshin rattans goes underground inside the ecuadorian embassy in london with julian assange. he talks to the founder of wikileaks
 “they got us killing each other”…blames himself for being bad role model
"wow! this compilation of blatant blocking for hillary is beyond embarrassing and these  journalists  should be serving time for journalistic malpractice.we all know the mainstream media is guilty of supporter the democrat candidate for president in almost every election for decades
"this is obama s america this will be his legacy. he was elected by over 90% of the black community. he promised them jobs. instead
"tyra for trump lets it rip on the biased media and tells everyone to stop listening to the lying reports on trump!spread the word! done with media! us against the media
"whenever we have a terror attack in america
"funny what happens when liberals aren t able to bully or shame someone they don t agree with the results don t read like any poll you ve seen reported in the last weeks
"dems panic in 5 4 3 2 1 donald trump s presidential campaign started recruiting  election observer  volunteers late friday
"the number of muslim registered voters is up 324
"will hillary s health be the only thing she can t hide by lying? she s the only presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician hillary clinton stated friday that she did not know if she could even stand up because she was so exhausted during the disastrous democratic convention in philly. by the end of those two weeks that s exactly how i felt
"corporations first unfortunately
"are these students bullies? are they racists? perhaps they re both. who in the world would want to hire these openly racist students when they graduate? when did it become okay for hispanics and blacks to openly discriminate against people who don t have the same skin color? a group of students at the claremont colleges in search of a roommate insist that the roommate not be white.student kar  ure a (pz  18) posted on facebook that non-white students in need of housing arrangements should reach out to either her or two other students with whom she plans to live in an off-campus house. the post states that  poc [people of color] only  will be considered for this living opportunity.  i don t want to live with any white folks
"the nfl was able to take a stand when it comes to the cowboys attempt to honoring slain police officers in their hometown
"it was announced last week that george soros was donating over $25 million to hillary s campaign. today we find out that george soros is making decisions for hillary that could affect our national security and the security of other nations worldwide.more leaked e-mails from hillary clinton during her time as secretary of state now prove that she was taking foreign policy advice from radical leftist billionaire george soros.wikileaks latest email leak shows how soros had a direct line to secretary of state hillary clinton when it came to foreign policy decisions she was tasked to act upon.how can we ever trust hillary to make important decisions that affect the national security of our nation and of foreign nations now that it has been proven she is relying on advice from major donors like the unhinged radical
"roughly 70% of states use some form of electronic voting machine. the ease with which these machines can be manipulated is stunning donald trump said this week that he fears the election will be  rigged  for hillary clinton. although he didn t specify exactly how clinton
"donald trump was clearly on to something when he said we need to stop allowing unvetted refugees into our country until we get the refugee situation under control twin falls
"in nbc s attempt to discredit trump
"nothing good can come out of a protest over a thug who was shot to death by a cop defending his own life in a town that was ravaged
"that hillary
"dan rather just released a facebook post that s so full of bs that it stinks to high heaven! please feel free to go on over to his page and let him have it: dan ratherour lefty media hacks are coming out of the woodwork to try and bash donald trump. it s unbelievable and unprecedented: disgraced former cbs news anchor dan rather is out with a haughty statement on facebook
"she is the only presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician. she s been having  brain freezes  and admits to  short-circuiting  and video footage captures her
"feel the bern of a lot of gullible young people who were fed a big line of bullsh*t socialist senator bernie sanders (vt) is the proud new owner of a summer home in the champlain islands
"you won t believe who was spotted in the special section behind hillary clinton at her rally yesterday in kissimmee
"us swimmer lilly king gave a russian swimmer a lesson in swimming clean when she raced and beat the swimmer who wagged her finger at her the night before. the interview after the finger wagging was great! lilly basically said the russian swimmer s record of not passing the drug test was  not cool . soooo lilly went out today and kicked some russian booty  the american beat yulia efimova in the 100-meter breaststroke   and set an olympic record
 anti-cop terror group [video]"
"will the state department ever tell the truth and prove that careless
"no wonder the stands are mostly empty at the olympic events in the violent city of rio di janeiro.as rio de janeiro rings in its tenure as host city to the summer olympics with street violence
and this woman is going to try and keep up with trump? i think it s safe to say the debates are gonna be fun  
"dunkin  donuts is an american global donut company and coffeehouse chain based in canton
" in 1998
"tickets to the fundraiser for hillary hosted by a law firm who was banned from gitmo after being caught giving muslim terror suspects anti-american propaganda are a mere $2
can you blame her for losing her cool with crooked lying hillary? share this with all of your  undecided  friends!
"when you re donald trump (or any republican for that matter) and the washington post comes to your defense
"sheriff clarke better beef up his security detail after obama and his democrat friends sees this truth bomb! kid
"conservative republican actor and outspoken nra member
"did you watch the opening ceremony of the 2016 olympics in rio last night? if you did
"every union member who believes the democrats are looking out for them needs to remember
"if the trump campaign arranges a rally while obama is vacationing on martha s vineyard
below the belt h/t weasel zippers
"it s starting to get old but trump was right again   iranian state-run media in tehran did indeed videotape the arrival of a january 17 flight carrying $400 million in cash from the united states   and the money itself   judging from a documentary that aired the following month in the islamic republic. republican presidential nominee donald trump has been in a firestorm of controversy since first claiming on wednesday to have seen  secret  footage of money being offloaded from an aircraft.he admitted friday morning on twitter what his campaign had said more than a day earlier
"that s the third suspicious death of a man tied in some way to hillary. does anyone in law enforcement have an accurate body count of suspicious deaths tied to hillary? we recently questioned the suspicious murder of 27 year old democrat data director seth rich
"did anyone else think it was the ultimate irony that obama came out and declared trump to be  unfit  to be president? here s a great piece by jack cashill that is a letter from trump to obama regarding the comment: please read and share because this is the clinton dirty laundry list to send to your trump doubters!jack cashill drafts letter from trump to obama about his candidate .dear president obama:it has come to my attention that you have deemed me
"dana loesch gives us the lowdown on what would happen to our second amendment with a hillary presidency please watch and share! hillary clinton and barack obama regularly call for more second amendment restrictions. but yesterday
"charles woods
"hillary s crowds have been nothing short of abysmal since she first announced she was running. trump s crowds on the other hand
"lol! chris  thrill up his leg  matthews does his best to convince steve cortez
" to me
"we can t be certain
" he asked me if i wanted it back and i said
"hillary shouldn t be on fox news giving interviews she should be in jail! queen hillary didn t quite get the same treatment from fox news  chris wallace as she gets when she visits msnbc s chris matthews!hillary clinton acknowledges that americans have a legitimate concern about her trustworthiness
"earlier this week
this video is truly one of the best examples of how hillary lies and manipulates low-information voters into believing she is innocent of any wrongdoing even when it is crystal clear she is guilty 
" hill larious! if this was a donald trump pi ata
"making america unsafe again it s the obama legacy. during his two terms in office
"us congressman joe wilson was right! obama is a liar his reckless and amateur decisions have made america more unsafe than we have ever been. now he s asking americans to vote for hillary to ensure his lawless legacy lives on the obama administration secretly organized an airlift of $400 million worth of cash to iran that coincided with the january release of four americans detained in tehran
"youtuber joey salads makes brilliant undercover video to illustrate the idiocy of the narrative put forth by the left that american voters shouldn t consider that hillary has been under fbi investigation (she s actually been under some sort of criminal investigation pretty much her entire adult life).we are about to select the next president of the united states of america   her history
"the domestic terror group is at it again watch photographers vie for the best angle while watching an aggressive
"just a little dose of common sense guns save lives.a new law went into effect in texas on monday that allows certain students to bring guns into classrooms
"hillary s lawless
"this is a shocking story of corruption and collusion even for a clinton. hillary should ve been locked up for this one but instead
 his ties to hillary
"we live near the city of detroit
"wow! this is a spectacular letter that should be read by every american voter. veteran chris mark truly puts mr. khan s public ridicule of donald trump into perspective. bravo mr. mark! please share this everywhere!dear mr. khan
"last thursday
you can run but you can t hide 
"we ve inserted our thoughts and a few tweets throughout this article. our comments can be found in bold red type.let s start with trump s twitter response to mr. kahn s passionate speech denouncing trump at hillary s coronation. i don t think too many americans can argue with this:i was viciously attacked by mr. khan at the democratic convention. am i not allowed to respond? hillary voted for the iraq war
"the political correctness police are apparently more powerful than those who have been trained and dedicate their lives to defending citizens a roswell police sergeant who was fired from her job this month for flying the confederate battle flag in front of her house is appealing her termination and said tuesday she had no idea the flag was controversial.in an interview with the atlanta journal-constitution
"you don t want to miss a second of judge jeanine s brilliant analysis of hillary vs. trump whether you like him or not
"remember when this would seem like a far-fetched idea? democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton said she  loves  the idea of appointing barack obama to the supreme court if she s elected president.at a campaign event in iowa tuesday
"what was she thinking? 18 yr old malia obama was spotted at lollapalooza in chicago
"meanwhile
"swedish resident
 a bernie supporter prefer trump to hillary clinton”"
"are you paying attention america? a vote for hillary is a vote for communist billionaire
 violent
"censorship is alive and well when it comes to hillary clinton a street artist in australia had his instagram account deleted and now he s being told to take down the painting on the side of a building. hillary is pictured (below) in a sort of bikini/monokini that is pretty raunchy. it s a copy of a photoshopped image that s been on the internet for years. this really is censorship of the worst kind because it s a known image. obviously
"how does a refugee who is facing trial for the rape of a school aged girl board a plane in america and fly overseas to another country? the little girl who was allegedly raped by this man probably wishes she had a plane she could ve boarded to get away from him. a 49-year-old man reportedly boarded a flight for the united arab emirates two days before he was to stand trial in kennewick on charges of raping and molesting a grade-school girl.a nationwide arrest warrant was issued this week for khalid a. fathey after he was a no-show at his benton county superior court trial.the u.s. marshals service then discovered that fathey left seattle on july 23 on a plane bound for dubai
"by now
"it s only logical that the people who supported bernie sanders
 only reason he’s there is to f**k swedish girls"
"maybe hillary s russian uranium deal included a cameo of russian warships on the dnc stage? it certainly wouldn t surprise anyone . on the last night of the democratic national convention
 spitting “alluha akbar” in police officers face…screamed at woman on streets for wearing “tight jeans”…muslim bystanders cheer him on [video]"
"if you haven t seen dinesh d souza s  hillary s america  yet
"it would appear american voters are more interested in what the republican party has to say about the future of our nation than the out-of-control democrat party driven by the saul alinsky disciples of chaos
narcissist isn t a strong enough word to describe this twisted little man 
"meanwhile
wow! the dems are so out of touch  
"it s over for hillary it s officially over for the democrat party obama built this!the nomination was barely sealed up at the democratic national convention before bernie sanders
" democrats are the party of kkk the problem is
"it s just cleaner that way you know
"just another tolerant violent liberal
"the house of cards is falling as america eagerly awaits wikileaks next major dump that promises to expose evidence that should indict hillary irs commissioner john koskinen referred congressional charges of corrupt clinton foundation  pay-to-play  activities to his tax agency s exempt operations office for investigation
"the queen of the dnc is in big trouble 1000+ berners walked out  ca is gone  ut gone oregon gone ..& more  #dncwalkout 1/2 empty #demexit   #alllivesmatter (@bootstrapzorg) july 27
what a crazy group of professional agitators and political scumbags this has been really entertaining and a bit creepy too 
 she’s killing black people”"
 delete yourself” banner [video]"
 waiting for medical care…obama’s crooked va spent millions on artwork"
"dinesh d souza s fascinating movie
 roamed freely during day [video]"
" this was a 12 year girl who was raped brutally
 you certainly can’t run the white house!”"
"democrats brought illegal after illegal alien on stage today during their communist convention. (we re still wondering how ice allowed so many illegal aliens to appear on a national stage
"whoa! we asked the question yesterday in more of a tongue-and-cheek manner. that was before we saw the serious question that had just been asked of hillary by reporters. like everyone else who saw the video
julian assange tells what he ll do next and what motivates him. he also believes trump will be great for freedom of the press in america  
"no respect for god no respect for our constitution and no respect for america what a sickening bunch of heathens because the democrats leftist ideology trumps god every time in case you missed it
lefty bernie supporters chant  hrc has got to go!  in the streets of philadelphia during the dnc convention: 
"hillary clinton always putting a radical ideology and her own personal financial gain before the best interests of america. is this really the kind of leader america needs after 8 miserable
"wow! what a week for the democrats! nothing like the truth to bring the dems to their knees! with the start of the dnc convention
"it s interesting how the media has completely ignored this massive wall while making a big deal about the extra security measure republicans had taken to keep their guests safe you know
 because black lives only matters when law enforcement is involved” [video]"
"it s good to know there are still some judges in america who put the law before political correctness an attorney was removed from court and taken into custody after a judge declared her in contempt for refusing to take off a black lives matter pin.youngstown municipal court judge robert milich said attorney andrea burton was in contempt of court for refusing to remove the pin in his courtroom as instructed. burton was sentenced to five days in jail
"democrat dummy of the day rep. tom cole (r.
 injures 2 with machete…german citizen plows refugee down with bmw [video]"
watch the only presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician having what appears to be some sort of seizure 
"is it possible the curtain has been pulled back
"the tsunami has started president obama s kenyan half-brother wants to make america great again   so he s voting for donald trump. i like donald trump because he speaks from the heart
"imagine what it must feel like for these officers who put on their uniforms and go to work
"share this link with everyone you know. every american should see this movie before they vote! the weekend clinton cash global release
"hillary is toast!here are the polls that had must ve pained cnn to post:cnn
 middle-aged career politician"
 i don’t eat with them” [video]"
"at least they re consistent and crooked to the core just like their candidate  hillary clinton will be crowned the democratic presidential candidate in philadelphia next week at event costing estimated $60 million  democrats have a $15 million credit line with the city in case their fundraising falls short  independent journalist is fighting for names of the donors to be made public before convention begins  but host committee tells court hearing that donations should be kept secretthe host committee for the democratic national convention wants to keep its donor list under wraps until after the convention even though a state open records agency has ordered its release.a philadelphia 2016 host committee lawyer told a judge thursday the release of fundraising records could harm the organization s last-minute efforts to seek donations and negotiate vendor contracts.the host committee set out to raise about $60 million from private sources
"nothing says embracing diversity like dividing interns by color and kicking the white interns to the back of the photo.it s pretty fitting that the race obsessed us rep. from texas
"people are offended by just about everything so it s really no surprise that people in muncie
"a protester at the rnc in cleveland attempted to light the american flag on fire in a pitiful; attempt at anarchy. she couldn t even light the flag but the beautiful thing is the police step in and yank her up like a rag doll. awesome! crowd following group of police who just arrested a woman  #resistrnc #rncincle pic.twitter.com/qwibqp7son  unicorn riot (@ur_ninja) july 20
 beat up and robbed her mother-in-law
"the video below is a great example of what the cleveland police officers are dealing with outside of the gop convention. hundreds of protesters got into a chaotic tussle but the police officers (as you can see in the video) were right in the middle to break it up. this is yet another example of what police officers have to deal with urine tossing?  hundreds of protesters and police took over public square in downtown cleveland yesterday. some of the larger groups dispersed just after 5 p.m.
"if we had a real president who wasn t spending all of his time acting as the behind-the-scenes leader of the black lives matter movement
 t-shirts stabbed in french resort town by moroccan man for being “scantily dressed”…”the religious motive of the attack is in no doubt”"
 racism
wow this woman absolutely nails it!
"***warning***if you are between the ages of 18-23 and believe everything your leftist teachers and professors are feeding you
"watch barack obama identify himself as the leader of the black lives matter terror group in video below: in a movement like black lives matter
"says the guy whose legacy will be a war on cops and the division of america president barack obama cautioned americans from drawing easy conclusions from the shooting attacks that killed three law enforcement officials in baton rouge and wounded three others.  as of right now
 was racist member of farrakhan’s nation of islam: “my religion is the religion of ‘justice'” [video]"
"the common thread in all this is hate   the hate coming from: black lives matter
"obama s war on america just got real these acts of terror need to be treated as such.breaking: cleveland police union chief calls on ohio governor to declare state of emergency
"barack obama
"fox news reporter mike tobin interviewed former new black panther leader malik shabazz who promised violence on the republican national convention: malik shabazz: from what i know many of the groups on the left
"who better to help root out terror than a person whose religion forbids them from ratting out someone of their own faith? the fbi and cia are looking to increase the  diversity  of their agencies and that includes hiring more arab americans.one of the ways it hopes to achieve its goal of greater diversity is by holding a career fair in america s most islamic city   dearborn
"american citizens should be more concerned about the left and the leftist media s attempt to hide the brutal truth about sharia in america
"hillary came out with a heavily edited tv ad yesterday
"seth rich was hired by the democrat party as the official  voter expansion data director.  although there is no connection yet
"lawless
share this video everywhere. we cannot allow the leftist media to control this narrative. our freedom and our way of life is on the line 
"there are no words for these selfish sub-humans here are a couple of profiles from twitter of the people tweeting about blm being ignored because of nice terror tragedy. they have both made their twitter accounts private:we found this sweet self-described  georgia peach  listed as a  fashion contributor  at company called xonecole.com feel free to send a message to her boss on their facebook page. click here for link.here s another pathetic twitter user: @_nehoda_ who whined about the attention victims of the nice terror attack were taking from the blm movement. she s lists herself as living in london
"translation: i m so sorry for your loss but wanted to use this  moment to point out i won an award for my acting in nice!literate translation of cher s illiterate tweet: my  broken heart  (emoji translation) goes out to people of france. i was just there. france is the world s treasure box (heart emoji). spent many (misspelled in tweet) july s simcer70 s (not sure what that means). won cannes (misspelled cannes) best actress for  mask my goes out 2ppl of france. i was just there. france is the worlds treasure box spent manny july s simcer70swon canne best actress 4 mask  cher (@cher) july 15
 prayers or candles”?…”stop waiting to be slaughtered and demand our leaders do something!” [video]"
"except when someone tries to rob them or break into their home or restaurant then
"isn t it great when the day after a major terror attack in france
"if facebook has aligned themselves with germany to restrict the free speech of its users
"how very diverse! these refugees sure know how to assimilate in their new host countries don t they?stickers calling for democracy to be replaced with islam and for women who do not wear a veil to be raped have appeared in public places in sweden. they have been reported to the police. pictures of the stickers
"it s almost like our community agitator in chief purposefully won t acknowledge anyone who isn t in lock-step with his radical agenda hope change division and hate the obama white house sent three officials to robber michael brown s funeral in ferguson. obama sent more officials to brown s funeral than to margaret thatcher s funeral.obama sent three white house officials to criminal freddie gray s funeral.the white house sent no one to nypd officer brian moore s funeral.obama skipped antonin scalia s funeral and went golfing instead.the obama white house will send a representative to alton sterling s funeral on thursday.  gpthe advocate reported:gary chambers
"bad timing this is not great news for the black lives matter terrorists
"the mainstream media
"keep your eye on anita moncreif if knowledge is power she is the democrat party s worst nightmare. when you re on the left
" veterans are the backbone of the biker community we are patriots we love our cops the antithesis of the black lives matter radicals breitbart exclusive: a large group of patriotic motorcycle enthusiasts will be among the visitors to cleveland ohio next week for the republican national committee meeting that will nominate business mogul donald trump to be the republican nominee for president of the united states.bikers for trump aren t going to cleveland looking to cause trouble but will be on hand to counter thousands of professional leftwing agitators planning to disrupt the republican nominating convention. we will be there to make sure that the delegates are allowed to exercise their right to peacefully assemble
"maybe the left became a bit too optimistic after america put a radical community organizer in the white house. perhaps they overplayed their hand. until now
"karma it s a beautiful thing a massive makeshift refugee camp has been established in lake como
"why is the nfl ignoring this situation? are they okay with nfl players posting images that suggest brutally murdering cops? the nfl can be reached at this number for anyone who cares to let them know how you feel about their silence. you may also send them a tweet @nfl to let them know how you feel or go to their nfl facebook page and leave a comment.the 2nd circuit u.s. court of appeals has denied new england patriots quarterback tom brady and the nfl players association s appeal for an en banc rehearing in the ongoing deflategate case.as a result
 obama invites blm activists to wh
"rush limbaugh is spot on with his analysis of barack obama and how he has intentionally torn our nation apart
"the lawless and in-your-face behavior that this  president  and his regime have been able to get away with is simply breathtaking she [lynch] could have answered every one of those questions
 #blacklives matter supporter makes video…says he’s going to start killing cops…fbi
 slavery
"obama s war against cops and white people in full swing  nobody s a winner in obama s war on america march eugene ratney
 molested"
"these two presidents could not be more different. george w. bush is a natural born leader. he inspires others to consider someone other than themselves
"it s pretty safe to say if you stand in front of moving traffic
"facebook ceo and founder
"apparently the black lives matter terror group hasn t managed to distract florida voters from crooked hillary s untrustworthy record a new poll released from jmc analytics in florida (full pdf below) shows donald trump leading hillary clinton 47% to 42%
"when black lives matter supporters use the same tactics as an isis terrorist
 after petition to “formally recognize black lives matter as a terrorist organization” exceeds required 100k signatures in only 5 days…add your name!"
"because blind people are probably experts on judging people based on skin color. no mention of the police officers killed over the two bloody days bloody of black lives matter terrorism
"if this cop s comments were in lock-step with the leftist narrative
"put down the bricks and vote! hmmm i wonder if he has a particular party in mind?black lives matter activists need to  need to ensure that every demonstrator is a vote  in the fall elections in order to win policy changes pertaining to police misconduct and officer-involved shootings
 mn interstate…throw molotov cocktails…concrete at cops head…injure 21 cops in attempt [video]"
"it would appear that barack didn t get the memo. somehow he missed the part where the dallas cop killer admitted he just wanted to kill white people
"the rainbows and unicorn crowd decided they just had to complain about a gun manufacturer s ad being in the columbia
"we reported earlier about dallas cop killer
"us border agents and local law enforcement gave these journalists permission to be there. but obama s federal wildlife officers had different plans for journalists
"because bob price at breitbart news had the courage to attend and film an unbelievable black panther rally aimed at threatening cops in houston last year
"a large group of black lives matter protesters marched through downtown atlanta in an attempt to shut down a major highway. police have formed a large barricade
"who is this terrorist and why has not yet been arrested for making open threats against our law enforcement officers and firemen? those clinton s they sure do know some interesting characters. thank goodness donald j. trump or his wife weren t ever caught in the same room with this racist monster! the media would slaughtered him. the media has come to expect nothing less from the clinton s. they ll do anything for a vote. it s always been their motto. and no donor is too evil. if you don t believe me
"eric holder in a dress eric holder got the ball rolling for obama when he used taxpayer dollars to pay people to protest during the trayvon martin controversy. loretta lynch is just the person to carry his racist torch of injustice for the  oppressed  black man. these people are not capable of colorblind justice. their desire to punish anyone who disagrees with their radical ideology is much stronger than their desire to see true and honest justice served in america members of the black lives matter movement should not get  discouraged by those who would use your lawful actions as a cover for their heinous violence
 ga cop from stolen suv"
"did america really expect this racist
 we will reject your application for citizenship"
 including a cop
 make obscene gestures at grieving dallas police officers"
"ironically
"a post on the black power political organization facebook page shows the group taking credit for snipers who killed dallas law enforcement officers yesterday. since this posting the facebook page has been shut down. we managed to capture [screen shot] their comments below:here are a few posts we found on their facebook page. we thought we d share them in the off chance facebook shuts them down: from their facebook page:black power political organization   bppo  # blackpower !  # blackknights ! our mission is to free africa and all black based countries from non black control! and give black people the opportunity they need to develop themselves and reach their full potential! we are a powerful political group of patriotic
"wow there are no words for the hate these people walk around with every day check out these unbelievable tweets celebrating the murder of innocent dallas police officers. these officers were risking their lives to protect the first amendment right of these pigs to express themselves and as if the vile tweets above weren t bad enough
"obama shouldn t think for one moment that america doesn t see through he and hillary s disgusting plan to divide us by color
"heartbreaking: a 5th dallas law enforcement officer has been pronounced dead today:dallas police association says a 5th police officer has died after ambush thursday night.  cbsdfw (@cbsdfw) july 8
"this is just a preview of what these terrorists professional agitators
"of course tomorrow morning
"if this sniper is part of the black lives matter group
"two suspects are in dpd custody following horrific attack on dallas law enforcement officers during a black lives matter protest in dallas
 3 dead
 storm the nra headquarters in fairfax
"buckle up america obama still has 6 months to fundamentally transform america. if the media and #nevertrump crowd manages to convince voters to support crooked hillary
"barack hussein obama has not exactly done a stellar job convincing america he s a christian. he spent his entire career as christian in a church that preached hate against america and the white man. his own preacher
"of course
000 on disruptions (riots) at republican convention"
conservative badass and girlfriend of active duty navy seal hits back hard after black racists attack her on social media the result is spectacular and spot on. enjoy! 
 she will be the next president of the united states”"
"it warms the heart to know people as important as hollywood actor matt damon care so much about the little people with guns in america. if damon really feels so strongly about the government taking our second amendment right away
"america should ve known hillary would be allowed to skate. when chicago thug politics mesh with the clinton crime syndicate
 6 killed
boom!courtesy of: comicallyincorrect.com
 drunks
 desperate
"please check out the clip below and you ll see what drives conservatives nuts! cnn has every right to question daniel hannan in the interview but notice how christian amanpour gets combative and angry about brexit while she s offending daniel hannan by insinuating that he s racist. conservatives are so sick of political activists as journalists! amanpour is a total political hack who just can t keep her personal views out of her reporting! this is why we boycott cnn!heat street has more:british mep daniel hannan spent nine minutes smacking down cnn journalistdaniel hannan
"bravo! this woman is example of true courage. more americans need to take a stand against anyone who attempts to silence their first amendment right whenever folks in penfield
000 miles to hear his speech on global warming"
"i wish i could say i was shocked
"this is a good reminder of how important it is to prevent obama from anointing another radical on the supreme court. it might also be a good time for every american to call their representatives in washington. keeping another radical obama appointee off our supreme court could literally be the only thing standing between a free america and one that looks more like venezuela. this is also a reminder for anyone in the republican party who considers themselves part of the  never trump  movement. the democrat party has never been more serious about
"the media can t seem to get enough of the story of the texas mother who killed her two daughters and was then shot and killed by local police. of course
"here s the truth about the somali muslim population in the twin cities where these signs are being placed around by a christian pastor:minneapolis-st. paul has what the media refers to as  an isis problem. it s no coincidence isis is recruiting in the twin cities area. there is a huge population of 30
"isn t  alluha akbar  islamic? i m pretty sure these cowards aren t christians. obama will still try to convince the world these nine armed terrorists have no affiliation with the religion of peace. all kidding aside
 bill clinton is an idiot”…is bill intentionally trying to put hillary behind bars?"
"reasonable americans expected never expected unbiased justice to be served by eric holder in a skirt friday on msnbc s  morning joe
"is there a law against waterboarding republican senators who continue to be re-elected even though it s pretty clear they should be running on the democrat ticket senate majority leader mitch mcconnell (r-ky) praised former secretary of state hillary clinton on wednesday   the day after the house select committee on benghazi issued its final report.  she s an intelligent and capable person
"obama drone gwyneth paltrow can t understand why she was once named the world s  most hated celebrity  by a magazine. in a recent interview on the bbc show hardtalk at the cannes lions festival
"it s easy to see why there are so many americans who would rather keep their heads firmly buried in the sand than know the truth about how inept our government officials really are hillary clinton is facing damaging new revelations about the lax security surrounding her emails.watch hillary try to make voters believe she is a  victim  in this insane security risk she has subjected our entire nation to:a daily mail online investigation has found that a second firm   hired to store a back-up of clinton s secret server   was so lax in its security employees failed to change passwords frequently and left computers logged in
"if the democrat voters don t care if they re voting for a woman who is under criminal investigation after putting our national security at risk
 allows “allah is greater” ad to remain"
"there are too many differences between president john f. kennedy and barack hussein obama to count. this business owner however
"the death of free speech seems to be catching fire around the world. the left is winning the propaganda war
"nothing to see here no conflict of interest. how can anyone wonder why americans have completely lost their ability to trust our corrupt government?so the attorney general of the united states just happened to run into the former president of the united states who just so happens to be married to a woman running for president
"in their desire to push hillary clinton across the finish line
"our good friend joe dan gorman has done it again! he s put together an awesome video that explains the brexit and the parallels between the uk s exit from the eu and our independence from britain. sit back and enjoy joe dan s one-of-a-kind humor
"it s long overdue but this domestic terrorist thug just got the justice he deserved as trn reported in april 2015
"trump was 100% correct when he said
"newsflash hillary war is not aesthetically pleasing! is this the kind of president america would like to have making decisions that impact our national security? if she took away the ability for these 4 brave men to defend themselves
 i am demanding more autonomy for the capital – right now”"
this is awesome! i watched the entire press conference and gowdy just nails the lame stream media! 
"breitbart news published a story about our 100 percent fed up facebook page being hidden from the facebook news feed after we began posting several stories a day on the topic of illegal immigration. after an investigation into our page settings by a facebook employee
"following a leftist agenda is no longer optional. follow their rules or be subject to fines the guide states
"obama doing what obama does best putting radical muslims who are a serious threat to our national security back on the battlefield against america the obama administration has released from the guantanamo bay prison an al qaeda terrorist who served as terror mastermind osama bin laden s personal bodyguard
 cair and obama regime’s cover-ups
"because nyc firefighters don t have enough to worry about. they now have to worry about how to properly identify and address their victims based on sexual preference?it must to be a crime to waste these brave men and women s time with this insanity firefighters and medics will take their first  trans 101  course on tuesday
"after 9 months of hard-core islam muslim  clock boy  returns to tx still plans to sue state he  misses  for $15 millioncair s poster child for how to use islam to get everything you want in politically correct america comes home obama boot camp?ahmed mohamed
"the anti-establishment tide is rolling across europe. you really can t blame the citizens for being furious at their leaders for allowing the invasion of muslim immigrants into their hometowns and major cities. if this sentiment catches fire in america this summer
 found with throat crushed by barbell…un claims heart attack is cause of death"
take note america 
"when a muslim man with dual citizenship in egypt and america tells his fellow agents:  a muslim doesn t record another muslim  and gets a promotion
"why is explaining our constitution to liberals is like explaining algebra to a two year old? shouldn t government officials who are being paid by we the taxpayer have a basic understanding of how our constitution and the basic rights it affords us citizens?the left
"taxpayers need to start calling out the colleges and universities they re funding with their tax dollars. this kind of communist indoctrination
"no evidence no worries obama s got this one. meanwhile
 create taxpayer funded agency to give illegals amnesty"
"barack hussein obama has been in over his head since he first stepped foot in the white house. our community organizer in chief just found out how unwelcome his chicago style politics are in the uk   uk independence party (ukip) leader nigel farage told breitbart that the visit by president obama
"welcome to socialism
"***language warning***i admittedly (and intentionally) haven t seen too many ben affleck movies
"this is the second major blow today to obama and his plans to fundamentally transform america. the first blow to obama was today s us supreme court ruling against his unlawful executive amnesty proclamation. both of these decisions are victories for americans who are sick and tired of watching our nation being torn apart and divided by racist hate mongers
"don t let the door hit ya b..b..but who will beat up innocent trump supporters? the assertion of presidential power was remarkable in scale. with the flick of a pen just before thanksgiving in 2014
"don t think for a minute this union-style black lives matter/occupy type  sit-in  wasn t orchestrated in our oval office by our community organizer in chief. obama is desperate to pass gun control legislation before he leaves office. the democrats who are occupying our house floor are only acting as puppets for his radical agenda. as california democrat rep. brad sherman spoke wednesday evening during an unprecedented  sit-in  on capitol hill to demand a vote on gun control
 hispanic students before white
"would hillary s  every day americans  answer these questions the same way as these indoctrinated college students? who do you think is more responsible for indoctrinating the american voter
"nothing to see here. no conflict of interest. all feminists please look the other way you didn t really see this crooked hillary really is a champion of women s rights just not saudi women s rights. august 30
"something wicked happened in idaho s rural magic valley. the evil has been compounded by politicians
"americans need to know that gun control is not just an issue leftist legislators are pushing.  educators  and school administrators are making it clear that even the suggestion or thought of a gun by students
"facebook ceo mark zuckerberg appears to be concerned about being spied on. a photo that he shared to help celebrate instagram s 500 million monthly active users shows the camera and audio jack on the billionaire s macbook covered with pieces of tape. in the photo posted on tuesday
"meanwhile back in the good  ole usa
"supreme court justic sotomayor went on a racist rant about how law enforcement has targeted minorities and put fear in  black and brown  people: it is no secret that people of color are disproportionate victims of this type of scrutiny. she s weighed in before in a racist manner:   i would hope that a wise latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    supreme court justice sotomayorsotomayor once again brings her racist view to the court clouding her decisions on all americans:supreme court justice sonia sotomayor on monday issued a vehement dissent in a fourth amendment case   writing that the majority s opinion sanctions police stops that  corrode all our civil liberties and threaten all our lives. the fiery objection came on case where a utah man challenged his arrest based on a stop that was later found to be unlawful. the 5-3 majority opinion
"boom! just when you think there isn t a sane person left in hollywood
"dolly kyle has written a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about bill and hillary clinton. hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her
700/night maternity ward…but where are chelsea’s in-laws?"
"dolly kyle has written a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about bill and hillary clinton. hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her
 
"oh look hillary s considering a lying
"us citizens should never have to beg members of congress to put the safety and security of their families before the donors who support their campaigns. the fact that congress has allowed our current illegal crisis to spin this far out of control is unforgivable. border agents who spend years training to apprehend illegal aliens who cross our borders are not only being told to stand down by the obama regime
"i don t think there are too many people who would disagree with that sentiment
"this is totally out of left field! vin scully goes off on the evils of socialism-epic! vin scully has strong feelings on socialism pic.twitter.com/7xenf56eoy  timothy burke (@bubbaprog) june 18
" hillary s going to make make our borders less secure. she s going to take away our ability to defend ourselves it s radical islam obama say it! a gay man has made a riveting youtube video urging the gay community to vote for donald trump over hillary clinton in the aftermath of the orlando nightclub terrorist attack by an islamic state sympathizer. the sleeping giant
"hysterical! as always
"wait until you read this woman s biography and past quotes about conservatives! popular myth-busting website snopes originally gained recognition for being the go-to site for disproving outlandish urban legends -such as the presence of ufos in haiti or the existence of human-animal hybrids in the amazon jungle.recently
"remember when the press used to actually report the news? today they are nothing more than a mouthpiece for the obama administration and democrat party. there isn t a radical agenda this  president  and his regime want pushed that s off limits for today s mainstream media. so you have an islamic terrorist who even in 2001 as a teenager was cheering the 9/11 attack. he cased different targets
"catherine herridge is one of the best reporters on foreign policy and terrorism. she weighs in on the two opposing views within the obama administration on isis. last
"corruption and socialism go hand in hand brazil is no exception!here s the backstory on the corrupt brazillian president and how she drained the coffers. it hasn t helped that the lower oil prices have devastated brazil s economy:the impeachment of brazilian president dilma rousseff is about more than cooking the books to hide election-year spending or looting the state-owned oil company for her campaigns and cronies. what s really on trial are rousseff s socialist policies.those policies drove up deficits to win votes
" the left has been itching for a fight the only problem is
"paul ryan has had almost 8 years to lead the charge to impeach obama for his unlawful
"florida governor rick scott is not holding anything back. he is angry that obama has made the second amendment the enemy while ignoring isis. we need a president who says my number one job right now is
"if you see something say something and maybe
"because  getting something for nothing  is all the rage with this president and the professors who spew this type of garbage to our children earning a living is a totally foreign concept to this generation that is being taught it s better to receive than to give of one s self begin transcriptrush: did you hear what obama said? this happened when i was away. when this happened
"and people wonder why american voters are flocking to trump like flies on cow-pies in a wednesday interview with fox news s bill o reilly
 her taxpayer funded mom and meryl streep travel to africa to discuss “gender inequality”"
"just remember
"what is it about liberal men that makes a woman want to shoot him up with testosterone just to make him tolerable?  gersh kuntzman of the new york daily news has been roundly mocked since the publishing of an article headlined  what is it like to fire an ar-15? it s horrifying
 young kids…makes stingray in new “finding dory” movie a transgender"
"if the muslim terrorist who killed 49 people and wounded several others in a gay nightclub in orlando had been scouting out disneyworld and other possible soft targets in the orlando area
"sounds like one of the best reasons ever to vote for trump a saudi prince has urged americans not to vote for donald trump in the upcoming general election.turki al-faisal
000 migrants from countries who execute gays"
"chicago residents are living a nightmare. the murder and crime statistics are what you would expect to see in a war torn middle eastern nation.these chicago residents have had enough and they re speaking out against barack obama and the democrat party that has sold them a bill of goods:click here to see more chicago residents speak out: the liberal agenda is not the black agenda
"feeling safer? one of the sitting members on the homeland security advisory council s (hsac) subcommittee on countering violent extremism is a 25-year-old immigrant of syrian heritage who said that the 9/11 attacks  changed the world for good  and has consistently disparaged america
and the left says trump hasn t given details about what he ll do when president? hillary couldn t be more clueless and vague in her twitter statement. if she had a clue about terrorism she d know that there s no such thing as a  lone wolf . all jihadists are interconnected and fighting together for the caliphate. she s a joke! 
"this is not the first time putin has warned the us to hurry up with its release of hillary s emails. biden better get the emergency campaign team ready. if putin releases the unedited
"amarillo
"socialist indoctrination starts in kindergarten and is reinforced throughout the american student s educational journey. parents need to pay attention to the drivel their children are being taught at school. this kind of socialist teaching is not limited to public schools
"no word yet on when every female london resident will be asked to wear a hijab in public
"of course
"nothing to see here. hillary was likely just fulfilling a promise to a foreign muslim donor. it wasn t the first time she gave a  stand down  order and if the democrat party can help it
and if trump did indeed imply obama was working on behalf of muslim terrorists do you believe he s correct?
"as a side note
"where there s a will
 former u.s. marine who indoctrinated florida terrorist?"
donald trump: with fifty people dead and perhaps more ultimately and dozens more wounded we cannot afford to talk around issues anymore. we have to address these issues head on. i called for a ban after san bernardino and it was met with great scorn and anger. and now many are saying although the pause is temporary we must find out what is going on. we have to do it. 
 not hate-filled
 racist comments…talked of “killing people”…quit job after muslim employer ignored complaints"
"he was such a nice boy
 possible explosives arrested on way to l.a. gay pride festival"
 53 injured after u.s. citizen
"the movie that hillary will not want america to see hillary clinton s staff are currently giving depositions under oath about how she got away with having an allegedly illegal private email server when conducting matters of national security.the depositions are being filmed
"hillary doesn t recall saying it
"the left wants to change  hurtful  words to whatever they deem to be ok but they got some push back with the order to keep the word  illegal alien  in the library of congress in a victory against political correctness
"the bashing of donald trump is getting so old and tiresome. people with common sense know the truth and know what the left is trying to do. it s the same old playbook of demonizing what you don t like repeatedly. the problem is that americans are finally wising up to this alinsky strategy. you d think the liberals are all coordinating their talking points .hummm  billy crystal bashed trump during his eulogy of ali in a line similar to clinton s speech on tuesday: life is best when you build bridges between people
"this video is just one of many examples showing the truth about the manufactured race war in america created by obama
"this call to violence by the left against innocent people who don t agree with their radical ideology
there may be some that would change a few of the descriptions but this is pretty darn close:
two muslims spit on a dutch reporter and then flipped her off as they rode away. who does this? sick animals! 
screaming leftists interrupted donald trump s speech today at the faith and freedom conference in washington dc. trump blamed democrats for the latest outburst. 
17 year old hero sacrifices his life to save an elderly woman"
"this is what happens when you cross the left. sadly
"while researching for a wrap-up on the june 7 presidential primaries
 obama endorses crooked hillary [video]"
"pathetic new age guru and alternative medicine activist dr. deepak chopra attacked donald trump tuesday in an interview on fox news  the alan colmes show
"wow .just wow! this is a great article for anyone whose  child is a legal american citizen and got a 4.0 or greater in high school and was rejected by yale university. a texas high school valedictorian has revealed she is an illegal immigrant in her graduation speech.larissa martinez told classmates at mckinney boyd high school that she was one of the 11million undocumented citizens living in the united states after she fled her abusive and alcoholic father in mexico.the 18-year-old
"a  liberal reporter  for esquire got a dose of reality when he went along the border and asked  anyone he saw  to weigh in on what needs to be done on the border to stop illegals. what he got was a very surprising result! most everyone he asked wanted a border wall but most shocking to the journalist was the positive hispanic response.esquire sent a journalist to texas with orders to survey the people living along the border and ask them what they think needs to be done to stop the flow of illegal immigrants.the magazine s editor-in-chief
"what a role model for women and young girls
"read anything stephen henderson has written over the past year and you will be hard pressed to find a single piece where he is not crying about some injustice either he or his fellow black man has suffered. anyone who reads his whiny drivel for more than a couple of months will likely need some sort of therapy to keep them from wanting to jump off the nearest ledge on a tall building. henderson is a perfect example of the wussification of the male in the united states. we ve met and spoken with him before. henderson is not embarrassed to say he s a hardened liberal. he blames it on his u of d catholic high school education. he claims they  pumped liberalism and social justice through his veins.  as a catholic
"first the mafia announced that they re all done playing games with these freeloaders
"italian catholics are essentially being told to pray silently (hide their religious convictions) to avoid offending anyone
"how does one reconcile this insane interference by the government over how a legal norwegian family practices their christian faith
 very interesting”"
"sorry leftists the dna doesn t change because a boy wants to be a girl. what part of not fair don t you get?alaskan mother jennifer vanpelt is not happy that her daughter missed out on a podium appearance at a state track meet after a transgender girl was allowed to compete and got the third-best time in a 200-meter varsity final race.here is the mother s facebook post where she expresses her frustration with this clearly unfair rule:see video below:pictured: nattaphon wangyot
"fat ass fraud in a pants suit when hillary clinton won the new york primary in april
" i would hope that a wise latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    supreme court justice sotomayoras the main stream media does a hit job on donald trump for expressing his view that the presiding judge in the trump university case is biased against him because of trump s views on immigration
"american citizens will be encouraged when the queen of the clinton crime syndicate is convicted former secretary of state hillary clinton confirms that she feels emotion when she thinks about becoming the first woman nominee for president.  do you feel the weight of what this means for people?  asked one reporter on the campaign trail on monday. i do. i do
"new york city begs to differ of course
000 reward for identity of anti-trump thug who sucker-punched elderly trump supporter [video]"
sheriff clarke weighs in on the violence at the trump rally in san jpse: 
"a short excerpt from can s upcoming documentary  exposed: the islamization of our schools .this documentary-in-progress uncovers the ongoing
"watch the video and you be the judge. was piers morgan correct or was he out of line?piers morgan poked the hornets  nest sunday when he highlighted a double standard among muhammad ali s fans   that the late boxer espoused more radical views on race than donald trump.muhammad ali said far more inflammatory/racist things about white people than donald trump ever has about muslims. #fact  piers morgan (@piersmorgan) june 5
***turn down the volume***these are the pathetic social justice warriors (sjw s) our colleges and universities are indoctrinating every day  weasel zippers
"one short trip on a boat and this could be all yours! no papers required a group of local citizens from the italian island of sicily have denounced a recent political decision to turn a 4-star seaside resort into the latest migrant welcome center
" political correctness is obviously not important to this outspoken business owner the owner of a windy city pizza store didn t want there to be any confusion about which bathroom to use in their establishment
"it s really a pretty simple scheme. obama is placing democrat voters (illegal aliens who are given housing
hillary clinton was all smiles at a rally in california until her podium starts to collapse is this just a big case of karma? 
"the function of socialism is to raise suffering to a higher level.  norman mailerbernie sanders has raised a lot of money during the 2016 democratic primary. in fact
"america keeps waiting for word that hillary will be indicted. is obama waiting for the right moment or will the fbi be allowed to do their job and put hillary behind bars? are joe biden and elizabeth warren standing by in the wings? one thing we know for sure
 i wake up in a house that was built by slaves” [video]"
"this ridiculous article by politico
"***language warning*** why is it acceptable for people who come from other damn countries to be proud of their country
"maybe hillary or bernie can use this footage in their next campaign ad. what a great way to bring american voters over to their side a poster on twitter who identifies as a black muslim man claims to have been the person seen on news video chasing and tackling a young white male trump supporter following a trump rally in san jose thursday. using the twitter handle  houdini @sizzle_seyf 
"here s how bill is paying back years of loyalty by his enabling wife hillary
"the strategy of the left is war and that s why every american should hear it: angela davis on defeating trump:  we have to do whatever is necessary here s the truth about davis from frontpage mag and then the article below it is from a liberal publication so take it with a grain of salt.frontpage mag provides some background on davis:who is davis? she s a communist and a supporter of the black panther party as well as homicidal british black power cult leader michael x and the soledad brothers   who were acquitted of a prison guard s murder in 1970.that year
"the insanity continues! the outrageous invasion on our southern border has been so out of control in the past seven years but it s gotten to crisis mode recently with a huge surge in illegals from all over the world. yes
"barack obama s legacy will be a divided
 throw objects at her face and head"
"yet another assault on a trump supporter by a thug at a trump rally in san jose
"they preyed on the poor in latin america. they promised them an education
 fox news for angering “white people”…”anti-government” attitudes [video]"
 dictator maduro endorses fellow socialist bernie sanders"
"there is a stark difference between these two veterans. perry o brien
"ironically
"of course
"how many times have the press and the left admonished trump for saying we need to do a better job of vetting the refugees coming into america? call me  racist
"69 people were shot in gun-free chicago over this past memorial day weekend. meanwhile barack obama is busy working with black lives matter terror groups to point fingers at law enforcement and white people for the crisis majority black neighborhoods are facing in their communities. when will the media start exposing the truth about gun-free zones in america? it should be clear to every american that violent gun related crimes don t stop because you put up a gun-free zone sign in a neighborhood filled with bad guys.instead of focusing on broken families
"so let it be said so let it be done.i don t remember anyone asking if americans were okay with the month of june being dedicated to homosexuality. how quickly we mere citizens have morphed into nothing more than serfs in king hussein-obama s kingdom lesbian
"it s really quite ironic that the guy who has paid and non-paid protesters inciting violence and riots at virtually every trump rally across america is being attacked by leftists on him home turf. seriously though   bernie sanders is as far left as a politician can go without becoming a declared communist. what bone could a leftist protester possibly have to pick with bernie? the guy is like santa claus
"this video exposes the underbelly of the illegal alien community and the hate they have for anyone who would enforce the rule of law in america. based on the conversation these irresponsible parents are having with their 3 year old child in the video
"donald trump held a press conference today to clarify every since bit of accusations made that he pocketed over six million dollars meant for veterans. basically
when will the media report on this nice group of illegal aliens and racist american thugs 
"here s what some ignorant race baiting twitter users had to say about the recent tragedy that involved the killing of a silverback gorilla
"this report is so outrageous that we could hardly believe it was true. sadly
"even the most militant supporters of crooked hillary are (reluctantly) exposing the truth about her. fake black guy
 soldiers singing at ballparks is racist show of power…says 9/11 police officers aren’t heroes [video]"
"obama s historic embracing the communists tour wouldn t be complete without a stop in vietnam all on the american taxpayers dime
"a first hand look at the lie the media continue to perpetuate that all hispanics are against trump. wow! hispanic trump supporters scream at anti-trump mob:  go back to mexico!  #rollingthunder    cris   (@thepatriot143) may 29
"chicago style politics buckle up america barry s just getting warmed up a federal judge has ordered the release of internal trump university documents in an ongoing lawsuit against the company
"vancouver
this is rich! a live feed from msnbc was trying to show how great the anti-trump protesters were behaving but all of a sudden a guy yells out a disgusting sexual phrase. fair warning! 
"it was actually refreshing to see the cops fighting back against an unruly mob of mexican flag carrying rioters in san diego (watch video here). it s interesting to see how little coverage the threats against donald trump s life are getting by the press. could you imagine a legal american tea party member threatening the life of hillary? do you think you d have to scour conservative news sources to find that story? no need to answer that hundreds of protesters gathered outside a donald trump rally on friday
"mind blowing incompetence and reckless disregard for the lives of these brave men and women by politically appointed leftists a new service award recently created by u.s. customs and border protection (cbp) for border patrol agents could actually put their lives at risk. the award recognizes an agent who does not use deadly force in a situation where they are confronted by an armed assailant.  they want us to put ourselves in a bad tactical situation
"are police officers finally getting sick and tired of walking around on eggshells while being disrespected and abused by the obama-soros f*ck the police crowds?  it s good to see our law enforcement officers actually doing what they re paid to do without coddling bernie and hillary s basement dwellers watch: protesters outside trump rally start to attack sd police officers
"are these protesters at the trump rally in fresno
 with wife
"what a unique way for a president of the united states to spend his memorial day weekend apologizing to a nation who wanted to destroy us
"the social rot continues in a city that was miraculously cleaned up on mayor giuliani s watch. all of the hard work rudy did to fight crime and make tourists as well as residents feel safe again will all be undone by one socialist mayor scofflaws of new york
"#feelthebernofsocialismunivision host leon krauze asked avowed socialist bernie sanders about the collapse of several latin american countries due to their failed socialist policies. angry bernie responded with well
"a texas imam agrees with republican presidential candidate donald trump s controversial suggestion that america set-up a  total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states  until further investigation can be done. the imam also said there should be a ban of syrian refugees of any religion.the imam
"first it was the flush target  campaign
"girls aren t the only gender who will suffer embarrassment
"these are shocking revelations that have essentially taken place while america and our elected representatives slept.all of a sudden before obama there was virtually no outlandish presence of islam in america. only 7 years later
"wow! they re really coming out of the woodwork now! peeping at little girls is sick and so twisted but it s obvious this guy has a past he s a registered sex offender! is this what obama and the nutty liberals want? keep you children close and go into the bathroom with them you don t know who you ll find in there these days. after questioning a man seen peeping at little girls in the women s bathroom of a community park
"we ve said it before
 in dark of night vote to approve obama’s transgender bathroom decree"
"meanwhile
"not that the word  legal  means anything to either one of them because hillary clinton is white and no longer young
"if you have the time
"democrats making free and fair elections impossible in america. hmmm i wonder why obama
 shut down free speech [video]"
"it s too late for these countries who ve been invaded by mostly young muslim male refugees to turn back the clock. bavaria is now being forced to do whatever they can to fight back against terrorism in their own backyards. you can t allow millions of unchecked muslim men to invade your sovereignty without paying an enormous price. asking refugees to police refugees is like asking prisoners in a jail to police themselves. when mostly muslim men have invaded a majority catholic state
"it s hard to tell what these black lives matter crybabies hate more gays with a different opinion than them or free speech meanwhile
it seems like a pretty easy mistake. after all he could easily have called hillary  obama 
"we all know the defense of children comes dead last when it comes to the left. it s interesting how hillary helped to get a child rapist off (before she still had her law license taken away) and now nearly a decade later
 exposing bernie’s socialist agenda and embarrassing anti-trump #angerbabies"
 more federal (obama) involvement when blacks are killed by cops"
"another  moderate  muslim a muslim woman who was photographed taking selfies in front of a belgian protest last week
"bill s gonna wish his corrupt wife never ran for president by the time trump is finished exposing this family of grifters. this is more than just about trump winning
"no reason to deal in facts. a black man was killed by a white cop why bother with a trial right? the verdict is in for one of the officers tried in the death of freddie gray: not guilty.baltimore circuit judge barry williams found officer edward nero
"trump has the left scrambling to figure out how they re going to stop the flow of illegal immigrants future democrat voters into america. the possibility that he will defeat hillary in a landslide election is becoming more and more real every day the chairman of the huge media company univision has coughed up $7 million to support hillary clinton
"wow! what a commie putz! after lifting the arms restrictions on vietnam
 hanged…says he’s “not advocating violence” just promoting black lives matter"
" says the women whose whole life has been a series of lies.hillary clinton on sunday effectively dismissed her two remaining white house rivals
"the worst thing is the number of white people and people with ties to law enforcement officers will pay to see one of the most influential
"this is the truth about the intentions of the growing radical muslim population living in the uk. it s the truth the liberal
"is it possible the french have lost their appetite for our pro-open borders hollywood liberals misrepresenting the truth about the inundation of muslim men into their towns and communities? cannes   another day
"it s perfectly appropriate for a male rapist to make his way into a public girl s bathroom but a woman working out with her husband in a gym is not allowed to wear a tank top because the size of her breasts might offend someone?  saying she felt  degraded
"the religion of progressivism is working overtime to erase and replace christianity in the lives of americans. god is nothing more than a nuisance. he only gets in the way of a more  accepting  religion the left has been cultivating for decades
"the timing couldn t possibly be any worse ***warning*** graphic videotarget is smack dab in the middle of a pr nightmare. the news of target suing this good samaritan couldn t have come at a worse time in 2013
"the self proclaimed  feminist  apparently has no problem with using physical force against a woman who is part of a party that opposes his radical ideology apparently
"who goes to a wedding and doesn t bring a gift? who brags about going to a wedding and not bringing a gift?  hillary admits she and bill thought the wedding would be  fun .grifters opportunists the clinton s that s who when hillary clinton and husband bill attended donald trump s 2005 wedding
"so it begins the suing of americans who don t agree with obama s dangerous decree that allows men to use the little girl s room at will. will the first little girl who is raped in the target bathroom receive the same media attention and compassion as this man will get from leftist lgbt agitators and progressive pigs of america? d.c. police have charged a security guard at a giant grocery store with simple assault after a transgender woman said the guard forced her out of the women s restroom. ebony belcher
"the people who are angry about her wearing this hat should also be angry at the  hate america  indoctrination our children are getting at school
"just another upstanding citizen who s been invited to the white house by our community organizer in chief birds of a feather who can forget when obama s speech about  child safety  was interrupted by a rapper who was wearing an ankle bracelet for kidnapping went off?and then there was the rapper tef poe
"the leftist agenda in action blurring the lines of sexuality
"watch juan williams make several attempts to shame fox five host
"forcing employees in a mostly hispanic area of a very liberal city to speak english seems like a bit of a risk. it appears however
"the discussion bret stephens had with his 10 year old son
"perhaps a few random flash mobs protesting target s decision to put the feelings of .01% of our population before the safety of our women and children are in order?video showing a woman protesting the bathroom policy at target has gone viral. a video posted on youtube shows the woman
"the democrat s war on mostly  ugly women former pennsylvania gov. ed rendell believes that donald trump will ultimately lose the support of women because of his past comments
"two white guys living in a state where 96% of its residents are white
"this highly visible campaign has nothing to do with being anti-gay this is about the safety of women and children and about target looking the other way according to a cbs minnesota report
"culture rot the health professionals who will be forced to care for them will be really impressed when they find out how these sub-humans contracted hiv sex roulette parties where one person is secretly hiv positive and nobody is allowed to use condoms are on the rise
 healthcare costs for muslim refugees"
000 “top secret” emails from hillary…why judge napolitano says this is very bad news for hillary [video]"
"this nightmare could have all been prevented if america was able to look past their unwarranted white guilt  for one second
"what would ellen s motive be for addressing hillary s strange public affection for aguilera s bosoms
"it s interesting how much vitriol some women harbor for successful men who date beautiful women
"great advice from a woman who has 24-7 security and lives in an imaginary world. her life and the life of her children will likely never be affected by a  rapefugee  or terrorist who is greeted with open arms by naive leftists angelina jolie pitt
"only the strongest will survive in the dog-eat-dog world of socialism. this is the result of a society that believed the government is more capable of running their lives than they are. this is bernie s world. this is the reality of the utopia bernie has been promising his supporters. these are the same policies hillary is promising she ll support if she s able to escape federal prosecution before the election. by morning
 shops around new “obama presidential center”"
"wow! it was an all out brawl at the nv dem convention: the hill reported: tensions were high at the democratic convention in nevada saturday
 ‘hey trump
"perhaps a little  trigger warning  therapy is in order?a cartoonist has been accused of racism after he portrayed michelle obama as masculine and butch next to a pageant-ready melania trump in a controversial drawing.#intrumpsamerica the #firstlady will be great again! #trump2016  pic.twitter.com/g2sobjfxsi  bengarrison cartoons (@grrrgraphics) may 13
 will ferrell and other leftist celebrities to extravagant nordic state dinner for purpose of sending “strong message” to putin"
"just another classless act in the life of  president  barack obama president obama s twitter account
"in their rush to make radical muslims terrorists feel as though they are welcome in belgium
"who can forget the sweet young dartmouth college student who was part of a larger disruptive
"beware of morning talk show hosts turned  news  personalities. the katie couric s and matt lauer s of the world are some of the most radical and dangerous propagandists in the media today. we are unknowingly  being fed gun control with a cherry on top
"this story is for anyone who thinks king obama s latest decree isn t reckless and dangerous to ever woman and girl in america a man is accused of choking an 8-year-old girl until she passed out in the bathroom of a restaurant in chicago s south loop.the girl was with her mother at the jason s deli in the 1200-block of south canal street on saturday
"only 38 states to go. obama is going to do more damage to the fabric of america in his final 7 months in office than any other president in history the ink was barely dry on president obama s guidance regarding gender-neutral bathrooms   the administration told u.s. public schools on friday to let transgender students use bathrooms and locker rooms according to gender identity   when opposing voices started shouting.and at least 7 of those voices in 6 states so far belonged to high-ranking state officials
"we all know bill clinton is a sexual predator. the big question now is
 dubbed the “energizer” gets $2 million from clinton “charity”"
"better a blow-up doll than an actual citizen
"jeff daniels channels his role as acn s  will mcavoy  from hbo s  the newsroom  to respond to question about trump vs hillary. the only problem with daniels answer is
 erica garner makes campaign ad for sanders [video]…oops! bernie’s support for insane taxes killed her dad"
"dinesh d souza s  hillary s america  will debut in theaters in july.  clinton cash  is a documentary that investigates donations made to the clinton foundation by foreign entities
"note to target ceo: when you endanger the safety of little girls and women in your stores
"there s nothing quite like an arrogant actor who lives in europe
"we ve written about the amazing filmmaker
"obama inspired hate...the latest on a man charged with setting a massive fire that destroyed an unfinished los angeles apartment complex (all times local):3:10 p.m.a man has been ordered to stand trial for arson over a fire that incinerated a los angeles apartment building and caused $100 million in damage.fifty-seven-year-old dawud abdulwali appeared in court wednesday. he earlier pleaded not guilty.prosecutors say abdulwali set fire to the unfinished de vinci complex downtown in december 2014. the seven-story complex was completely destroyed and the heat blew out windows at nearby office towers.at wednesday s hearing
" no challenge  poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change.    obama state of the union speech
"you just can t make this stuff up we have a national security adviser who believes our national security is compromised because there are too many white people in government. unreal! this is coming from a woman who went on 5 sunday morning talk shows and lied to the american people about what happened in benghazi.she s one to talk about putting our security at risk   her track record isn t so great: susan rice had a string of failures in africa before benghazi:from 1995 to 1997
"what if 20 million illegal aliens vacated america?it s a good question  it deserves an honest answer. over 80% of americans demand secured borders and illegal migration stopped. but what would happen if all 20 million or more vacated america? the answers i found may surprise you!in california
"obama is clearly attempting to strip americans of our right to express our opinions on social issues based on our religion or morals. americans have found themselves in a scary place
"a clinton supporter at camden community college introducing hillary clinton caught herself when reciting the pledge of allegiance   yes
"how very moderate and tolerant of sadiq khan
"does anyone else notice there are never a shortage of moderate muslims watching these heinous acts committed by isis against the infidel? as soon as obama gets back from campaigning around the world for his next job as un secretary general
"do we even need to ask how 16 white west point cadets posing in uniform
the deception was really a  glitch sure! 
"wow these sound exactly like the type of people we want living next door to us. it s not so hard to see why so many americans are enthusiastic about trump s promise to build the wall build the wall!the huffington post has published a photograph (above) of former mexican president vicente fox giving donald trump the finger
"it is truly a shame that our nation has $25 million dollars to waste on phony climate change.  that money could  have gone a long way in helping children and adults who are suffering and dying of malnourishment. this president and the democrats who support his phony war on climate change should be ashamed of themselves. a $25 million u.s.-funded project to help guatemala combat global warming is being slammed as another taxpayer-backed boondoggle after a new audit highlighted a series of problems   including numerous inaccuracies in the group s work and a failure to produce a required long-term plan.without the plan
"democrats looking for attention and along with every celebrity who has been able to find their way to the burned out city of flint
"who knew legendary rocker roger daltrey was such a patriotic guy? the who s lead singer
 but demands we welcome hundreds of thousands of muslims to america"
"we know firsthand what it feels like to be a  victim  of facebook. four years ago
"a judge just told us all what we ve known for 7 years the obama administration lies like a rug to cover up or to further their agenda. this is the third time a judge has slapped down the obama white house for their  lack of transparency liars all! the funny thing is that the judge said he s  troubled  by all this lying and  misleading the court yes
"the economic devastation is very real in west virginia. obama promised to shut down the coal industry as one of his bold campaign promises in 2008. hillary s plan is to keep the dream of shutting down the coal industry alive long after obama is out of office. coal miners are taking and stand and letting america know they are not going to sit back and watch their livelihoods and towns destroyed by a radical leftist president. watch here: let s put it this way. hillary clinton says she s going to shut you down. bernie sanders says the same thing. then you got donald trump saying we re going to put you back to work
"we may not agree with most of what rapper azalea banks has to say
 black panther poster girl
"a tale of a mother and the dangerous religion of progressivism putting her radical liberal ideology before the safety and well-being of her own children a swedish mother decided it would be a good idea to open up her home to a male refugee from eritrea
"will the muslim community still embrace the first muslim miss u.s.a. following her recent conversion? rima fakih is believed to be the first muslim to win the title of miss usa when she was crowned the winner in 2010.now
a must watch video!
"it wasn t a direct endorsement of trump
"karma s a bitch or is it the other way around? la doesn't seem to like hillary clinton..her campaign rally today lasted less than a minute. this is over half of it pic.twitter.com/5iwqttutqv  alison arkin (@cronikeys) may 7
"she doesn t  do police  until someone threatens to do harm to her or someone she knows richland county
"watching this video will help anyone who is curious about why the city of detroit continues to be bailed out of trouble like an irresponsible child with a trust fund. this video of detroit city council member monica conyers (d)
 unserious…”this is not a reality show”"
"when the fence keeps them from making it to the polls
"as if this news
 un-vetted muslim immigrants on notice…drops names of like-minded cabinet members…liberal heads explode!"
religion of peace h/t weasel zippers
"of course obama the putz blames too little government for the poisoned water crisis in flint obama to congress on flint aid: #doyourjobon a trip focused on letting flint residents know they have not been forgotten
"hillary has to be one of the worst candidates to ever get this far in a presidential race. she has no idea what the american people truly want. like every good progressive
"wow! this 21 year old texan woman recently penned a letter to the waco tribune herald in waco
spread this everywhere!
"sadly
 “i’ve got your back”"
"below are two examples of the pro-cuba sentiment by the lefty media:travel to cuba is the newest thing among the pseudo-cool useful idiots:sanders noted how many of those on board were eager to get to the island before it was spoiled by capitalism:  the cuba they will see has many americans anxious to get here before it all changes.  passenger sedrick tydus quipped:  i want to get there before burger king shows up.  sanders laughed and repeated line:  before burger king shows up. after the obama administration granted a full roster of concessions (in exchange for nothing) to the communist regime
"we re living in a world where we have willingly surrendered our privacy for the sake of making identification of ourselves
"as a side note
"of course
"does a judge have the right to determine what a mother and or father names their child? don t think for one minute in this politically correct environment we re living in
"a message from a 100% fed up mom to her facebook friends:dear friends
"this is the same school district that is begging the state of michigan residents to fund a $500 million debt they cannot pay back. if the state doesn t come to some sort of agreement to bail out the devastated
"there s no indication of a motive in the case: this is one sick puppy! a man went around spraying produce with poison but we don t know why yet. ann arbor
 you won’t believe how high the bids are getting"
"hey glenn
"wrong target audience? what the heck is going on that anyone thinks it s ok to take a kid s character and do this? sesame street  swears that muppets bert and ernie are only friends
"this story is for anyone who believes liberal judges don t have the ability to make life altering decisions that affect americans who don t conform to an acceptable thought process a boulder
000 votes"
"the video hillary and the left will not want america to see today
"proof that sanity still exists on college campuses.capitalists on campus won t have to stand by any longer while communists and socialists celebrate may day
language warning! a woman at walmart gets into it with a guy who was paying with food stamps: 
"don t mess with texas a texas pig farmer found out that muslims trying to build a mosque had purchased the land next to his farm.what s more   the new muslim landowner actually asked him to leave.that s because craig baker owns a pig farm
"this is not a fluke. after years of towing the union line
"apparently being the daughter of the most corrupt political couple in america comes with some pretty significant financial benefits politico reported last year:when hillary clinton s speaking fees proved too steep for one public university last year
"note to target there aren t any feminine product dispensers on the wallremember when there wasn t any  gray area  when it came to which restroom you would choose in america? for as long as restrooms have existed in the united states
 leaves on victim’s chest for police"
"dr. cynthia mckinney reveals hillary s murderous past with benghazi
 union workers explain why they’re voting for trump [video]"
" the difference between us and them is that we listen to them  says the husband of the woman who is hell-bent on  fulfilling obama s promise to completely shut down the coal industry. never mind that it has devastated generations of coal workers and entire communities supported by the coal industry. bill clinton was repeatedly interrupted by protesters during a rally for hillary clinton in logan
" i am deeply offended by your campaign
"while both of her parents travel around the country giving commencement speeches at colleges and universities about the oppression and discrimination they ve experienced throughout their miserable existence
"this video would be on a 24/7 mainstream media loop if the man who was brutally attacked by an angry mob was a bernie sanders or hillary supporter. will we ever see the faces or know the names of the 17 people arrested at this violent anti-trump riot? when will these people be treated like the domestic terrorists they are? injured trump supporter cole bartiromo tells how he was brutally assaulted by a group of 20-30 anti-trump protesters  trump's got my vote (@veganvecoh) may 1
"meanwhile trump is about to make history for claiming the most votes ever in the history of the gop primaries. what was that the mainstream media keeps saying about trump not being able to beat hillary? former secretary of state hillary clinton has badly underperformed in 2016 compared with her first run for president in 2008
"more protests are probably happening today at the california state gop convention. anti-american thugs will once again cause violence and a loss of freedoms in the age of the open borders obama administration. you wanted fundamental transformation with obama well
"a bi-product of obama s divided america the lgbt community has been fighting a decades-long culture war to be included in the fabrics of american society   and it s winning.yet when it comes to their graduation ceremonies
"domestic terrorists are ramping up the violence against innocent americans and the republican presidential front-runner
"watch: @realdonaldtrump exits his speech in california by climbing over a barricade to avoid protesters.watch: @realdonaldtrump exits his speech in california by climbing over a barricade to avoid protesters.  fox news (@foxnews) april 29
"did target really believe that 99.8% of americans were going to be silent in the face of a decision that puts the safety of our women and children in jeopardy in order to satisfy the desire of a percentage of the .2% of americans who consider themselves to be transgender? i cancelled my debit card with target and lodged a complaint with their headquarters in minneapolis. i would urge anyone who reads this to do the same. here is the number to their corporate office: i called 612-304-6073 to cancel my #target debit card.stand up to companies who put political ideology before customers #targetmissedthemark  100% fed up! (@100percfedup) april 25
"a california donald trump rally turned into a violent riot by mostly young latinos. this is the result of open borders lawlessness and disregard for other people s right to free speech:hundreds of demonstrators filled the street outside the orange county amphitheater where donald trump held a rally thursday night
"and the winner is the  anti-billionaire or the guy who detests rich people or how about the guy who made a lot of people rich during his campaign
the left keeps talking about how hateful the trump supporters are but all the vitriol is coming from the commies who keep pepper spraying little kids and old people. who does this? 
"one millennial is 100% fed up! with her generation. it all started when millennial alexis bloomer watched an elderly man limping into the post office
 liberal will ferrell makes movie mocking ronald reagan’s alzheimer’s…reagan’s daughter has a few choice words for him"
 changing rooms will face fine or jail time"
"get off my fracking land!an irate farmer sprayed raw sewage at oscar winning star emma thompson and her sister sophie after they flouted a court injunction protecting a fracking site.the stars were filming a great british bake off parody for greenpeace when the owner of the field they trespassed on drove his muck spreader in circles around the demonstrators. a group of protesters were hit by the manure but the actresses remained dry in their tent
"as millions of dollars of union dues flow into the democrat coffers
 george clooney wife
"it sure would be nice to have a president and congress who took this whole illegal alien thing seriously irs commissioner john koskinen told a senate panel on tuesday that the irs wants to continue to allow illegal aliens to use stolen social security numbers to file tax returns without allowing the numbers to be used for  bad  reasons. koskinen said it s in everyone s interest to have illegal aliens paying taxes.sen. dan coats (r-ind.) asked the koskinen to explain the policy after revealing that his staff looked into irs procedures and found that
"even the most hardened cruz supporters will be switching their votes when they hear about all of the sick liberals who are willing to leave america if trump gets elected. think of it as a public service donald trump said tuesday that he would be doing a  great service  to the united states if celebrities
"this is what it looks like when the  tolerant  left uses violence to promote their phony  tolerance  for others .a loser in the seattle seahawks t-shirt really hates donald trump. because he s too stupid to verbalize his position and too cowardly to take on anyone his own size or gender
"this news should be enough to end hillary s obsession with becoming our next president. the democrats may be willing to ignore all of her criminal and immoral activities
 she wanted to be a girl
if ignorance is bliss the happiest people on earth can be found outside a trump rally holding an anti-trump sign enjoy:
"any company who puts the safety of myself and my daughters second to political correctness can find a new customer to spend thousands of dollars in their store. one person demonstrated just how far target department stores will take it s new gender-neutral bathroom policy.andy park
"after much back and forth between the white dude wearing a  black lives matter  t-shirt and the black man who appears to be acting as security for corrupt hillary
"this video of conservative comedian steven crowder should be an example for every conservative in america on how to handle the well-trained left!  it should be used in training sessions for conservatives about how to fight back against the loud
 vomit and blood on asylum walls"
"as a mother of three young girls
 hurtful” message supporting trump… hispanic students call emergency meeting [video]"
"it s easier to hate trump and spew venom at him and his supporters than to use logic and reason donald trump has already forced mexico to clean up its national image
"don t let hillary s cheerleaders in the mainstream media convince you that she can beat trump. trump has proven himself to be a formidable opponent and don t forget that hillary was beaten by an amateur jr. senator in 2008. i ve consistently said throughout the analysis of this race that i would not want to run against donald trump because i think he s the most dangerous candidate. give me ted cruz
"it s good to be worth tens of millions of dollars when you discover you need more than a vagina to win the democrat nomination hillary clinton-aligned super pac
you gotta love the socialist duck analogy 
"water stations are set up along marathon courses with the understanding that the water is for the runners. we think this group of looters didn t get that memo. they blatantly go about stealing the cases of water right in front of everyone. hugh brasher
"the thrill seekers on motorcycles are putting lives at risk by traveling at speeds over 100 mph on the highway. as you ll see in the video below
 you don’t let a friend down” [video]"
"never let an opportunity go to waste. its the democrat mantra whenever a black person dies
 another race baiting
 made deal with iran
"so in other words
"is this common sense law even practical given how many muslims migrants with ties to terrorism have already embedded themselves in communities across europe. the mass sexual assaults and rapes that took place on new years eve in germany should be a pretty good indicator of how interested these male muslim migrants are in assimilating.  german chancellor angela merkel s ruling coalition agreed thursday on tough measures to spur the integration of migrants and refugees
 close clinton friend gives 206
"was this somali immigrant refusing to appear in a nd court simply because he does not recognize american law? or is it simply a case of believing he is entitled to special privileges because he is a  victim  of islamaphobia in america? *update to story beloworiginal story dec 9
"bravo! it s about time the left got called out on their ridiculous claims! conservative journalists had the cops called on them by a professor who didn t expect this to happen to her: an american university faculty member attempted to make life difficult for journalists covering a campus protest last night
" jodie foster gives a dose of common sense to set the record straight on the phony war on women being pushed by the left: i don t think there is a big plot to keep women down jodie foster said she s tired of people oversimplifying the issue of gender equality in hollywood
"imagine what it must be like to be one of the only people in america who doesn t have to abide by any of our laws. apparently it pays to be a clinton.even though it s against the law to campaign inside the polling place or within 100 feet of the measured entrances of the polling place in ny
000 more people vote for hillary"
"global climate cooling warming change frauds around the world are celebrating earth day today. if they were just celebrating god s glorious gift to mankind that would be one thing
"can the last man/woman out of america s progressive insane asylum please turn out the lights?thirteen years ago
"this is a powerful story of a courageous young woman who is fighting for the rights of women and children everywhere in america to feel safe in public bathrooms and locker rooms. it is a must read and share story.a few months ago
"the entitled generation .wearing a cardboard sign upon which  $226k  is written in green characters
"leftist disney owned espn has a strange way of determining who is and isn t the type of host they want to be the face of their network.  espn just fired baseball great curt schilling for sharing an opinion that was contrary to that of leftist disney owned espn when he shared this meme on his personal facebook page:schilling added
 she promises to reward voters by forcing them to pay double for soda"
"first it was the decision by target to make their toy aisles  non-gender specific.  now
"obama has filled his cabinet with radical  yes  men and women who hold similar anti-american
"too bad for the gay pastor that whole foods had him dead center on their surveillance cameras. is it just my imagination or do gays seem to have it out for bakeries? on tuesday
"the irony in obama s radical treasury secretary s decision to remove  racist  andrew jackson from the $20 bill
"mexico has been the beneficiary of our open borders for decades. it s really quite amazing how loudly they cry foul when we finally have a presidential candidate willing to stand up to this insanity and say
 and i will burn this…” [video]"
"anyone who would look at these charts and still vote for hillary or bernie is basically saying
"father robert a. sirico
"obama s goal of making gun control a reality in the united states of america is one step closer
"america has proven time and time again that liberals in hollywood can say just about anything. the vile comments actress melissa gilbert made about child rape while hosting the view sound more like something a member of isis would make
"bernie sanders supporters radicals are asked how they feel about hillary. their answers are very telling. how many of these bernie supporters do you think will show up to the polls in november if hillary is the nominee?watch black lives matter communist terrorist denounce hillary at the 4:35 mark and the  check your white privilege girl  mark wearing a t-shirt honoring black panther and cop killer assata shakur at the 5:50 :judging by the responses of these bern-bots
"the breakfast club interview started out when one of the hosts
 
"if you haven t yet discovered the remembrance project
"we told you about the fancy affair obama was planning to host at the white house for black rappers last week. the latest development with the ankle bracelet on a criminal rapper makes you want to scream
 police remove naacp president from flight over argument with passenger"
"obama has filled his cabinet with radical  yes  men and women who hold similar anti-american
 the most ominous sign is that hillary s losing to a 74 year old socialist! these bernie beatings are taking a toll! 
"is anyone else getting sick and tired of hearing all of the baseless lies being told about trump? there is zero evidence that trump is a  racist
"charlie daniels is such a great man and a great patriot! he s not going to let down his fans so he s promising not to cancel any concerts because of the bathroom laws.boycotting states like north carolina and mississippi is all the rage for many celebrities these days but for one singer it s just the opposite.while bruce springsteen
"for anyone who s sick to death of all the pc (politically correct) talk about who should be allowed in the bathroom
 700 students cry “racism” when police arrest him[video]"
 dumping rotten yogurt in sunroof over trump bumper sticker: trump supporter has perfect response"
 “he’s going down!” [video]"
"american citizens are eligible to apply for small business loans
"the average american makes $52
"share this with everyone! there s a good reason (with the exception of the obama years) the united states of america has remained a world economic leader for most of its existence. hint for bernie sanders loyalists: it has nothing to do with socialism.if this easy to understand illustration explaining various economic systems was part of every student s education in america
 jewish
 investigating cops"
"i was in nordstrom yesterday when our salesperson asked my teenage daughter and i if we had seen the new  ivy park  collection by beyonce yet? my response to her was  no
 fears students might write “trump” word on campus sidewalks"
 there are people out there who are giving their lives trying to make our elections secure and they re being called conspiracy theorists and technophobes. and these vendors are lying and saying  that everything s alright  and it s not alright. it s as though our country is one country and pretending to be another country. how can this be happening in our elections? watch: 
"it s a pity the millennials who support bernie sanders have never had to stand in a bread line. they ve never had to watch everything their parents have worked so hard for
 while his dad has brutal message that could destroy black lives matter"
pro-bernie sanders commie clashes with neil cavuto  
"trigger warning if liberal schools and badass campus cops offend you
"nypd assaulting protestors
"of course
the left has had control and the narrative for waaaay too long. here s a patriot who s 100% fed up! 
 disregard first amendment right"
you can thank the racist black lives matter paid protesters for this mayhem. they re trying to make it appear as though the people who support trump are violent racists. the police should use their full force to stop this now because it ll set an example for future attempts to rally. law and order comes first! you can blame obama s buddy george soros for stirring up this chaos. btw-trump has done nothing racist! he wants our border closed to illegals for the safety of americans. he also wants a moratorium on muslim refugees which is exactly what our fbi and dhs would recommend because they ve said we cannot vet these refugees. so what s the beef? 
the social justice warriors are being terrorized by the chalk bandit bahahaha! 
"the massive shroud of secrecy in muslim communities around the world is what causes people to question the motives of every muslim. aren t non-violent muslims who say they wouldn t report a terror plot as culpable as the radical muslims who commit acts of terror?  a new icm poll has discovered two out of three muslims in britain would not give the government any information if they knew details about a terror plot.these disturbing poll results seem to indicate the government s counter-terrorism program
"here we go again! we just reported on a man who was caught in walmart videotaping women and using a mirror to look into stalls:it begins: man dressed as woman arrested in women s bathroom you won t believe what he was doing!this guy was caught at macy s with a video camera in his purse containing  hours  of video of women using the bathroom. women noticed the camera light from the video camera and reported it to police. this guy is just one of so many we ve reported on who will have even more rights to enter the women s bathroom or locker room   and women will have no right to say a word. a palmdale
"was o reilly out-of-bounds? most americans would likely agree that we need to address the viability of employment opportunities for poorly educated americans of every race who are walking around with multiple facial piercings and tattoos on their faces.donald trump appeared on the o reilly factor monday night
"watch this video and you ll see why this man is being called  the most selfish man in politics king kasichthe most selfish man in politics. this is the  hashtag  that really should be shared! like us and share if you agree that we shouldn t be usurped!posted by raw conservative on tuesday
"we told you so a man was having a blast peeping into stalls in the restroom and filming women! not one but three times this year! this man was basically given a slap on the hand and let go. this is yet another reason to keep bathrooms the way they are. with new laws
"never mind that at least 50 identified isis sympathizers are currently working at recently bombed brussels airport. meanwhile obama and his corrupt epa make no secret that global climate change is our nations first priority when it comes to our national security at senate commerce committee session (video below)
"has their ever been a more vengeful and hateful first lady?they are the elite group of women who occupy the east wing of the white house as their husbands serve as presidents of the united states.viewed as  the true modern power brokers of 1600 pennsylvania avenue 
"i m pretty sure trump will win with a yuge majority in new york without his kids votes. eric trump and ivanka trump won t be voting for their father
the boston globe ran a sunday edition with a fake cover slamming donald trump for his desire to secure our border with mexico. it was kind of a look at how supposedly horrible life would be with a president who actually puts americans first. fake news is happening everywhere these days but it s a big deal when a major newspaper does it. this is yet another example of how the media is so desperate to hurt trump.the great thing is that there s the new media that responded almost immediately with a cover of obama. the different in this cover is that these horrible things are really happening under obama! way to go! 
this one meme tells you everything you need to know about the damage the democrats have done to america: 
"make no mistake
"close your eyes and imagine a white professor telling his students there will be no peace as long as  blackness  exists. now picture that teacher in the unemployment line with about 100 cameras and reporters around him demanding he apologize for his blatant racism. imagine how many hard working parents are scrimping and saving to send their children to college to be part of a captive audience in this racist s classroom. parents better start speaking up and demanding these colleges and universities hold these radical
"the breaking point is fast approaching in a divided america obama couldn t have hoped for a better outcome in the final year of his failed presidency. americans fighting americans over race
"so you have to listen to this little speech by michelle obama and understand that she s totally lying when she speaks about  disturbing  and  hateful rhetoric . americans are not blowing themselves up or cutting heads off. if anything
"when a state has legislated themselves into an unrecoverable financial crisis
"this is a must watch!according to american news
 pro-abortion socialist named bernie to the vatican…should conservative catholics be outraged?"
"where s the muppet dressed as a nun?oh wait that would probably be offensive to non-christians sesame street unveiled a fresh face thursday: a hijab-wearing afghani muppet named zari who will teach kids about  girl empowerment
"on march 20
jesse waters goes out to try and find out what words are offensive to princeton students: 
"ny gov. andrew cuomo (d) thinks he s the boss of you! he banned all non-essential travel to mississippi after the state passed a religious liberty bill that he called a  hateful injustice against the lgbt community.  can you believe this guy?  the bill
"is anyone else out there sick of the racist hate speech coming from black lives matter? here s yet another example of hate speech towards whites. canadian black lives matter terrorist yusra khogali is in hot water over a tweet she posted asking  allah  to stop her from having to kill white people plz allah give me strength to not cuss/kill these men and white folks out here today. plz plz plz
a princeton professor gives viewers of fox news a shocking demonstration that proves how easily voter fraud is committed with electronic voter machines.watch here:
"whenever hillary cackles
 toxic sludge disaster…will attend un climate change meeting with obama instead"
"obama s america:  why do you think people are leaving (the air force) in droves? what began as a dignified affair quickly turned into an embarrassing scene after a retired air force official was forcibly ejected from his colleague s retiree ceremony.the event was being held at travis air force base in california for master sergeant chuck roberson of the 749th aircraft maintenance squadron.but the service was interrupted when retired senior master sgt. oscar rodriguez was forcibly ejected from the stage as he began to read out a statement honoring the american flag to the audience.however
"hillary may find out she needs more than black women drag her lying criminal ass over the finish line actress and bernie sanders supporter susan sarandon recently received shock and criticism for suggesting she may not vote for hillary clinton in the general election. she s not alone. according to a recent mcclatchy-marist poll conducted on march 29-31
" trump and palin etc
 she’s so beautiful and she’s so little!”"
"the number of law enforcement officials killed by gunfire is up 150% this year. in an effort to pander for the black vote
"this social media campaign against the gap is a great example of how the black lives agitators are using resources like twitter to intimidate and threaten individuals
"make no mistake about it
please share this everywhere! especially to anyone considering voting for this nut job! 
"there is a particular photo of a little  refugee  boy lying dead on the beach that went viral last year.it is true that the photo is very sad and makes you reflect on the distress of people fleeing their country at the risk of their lives.the above photo shows people walking to reach their final objective
"the new democrat party godless socialists
"ginni thomas is one of the most hard-working and patriotic women in america. as a contributor to the daily caller she has interviewed a number of interesting
"dinesh d sousa warned us about obama s reduction of our nation s nuclear stockpile in his movie
"if someone would have told me in 2008 that we would be releasing muslim explosive experts from gitmo to a country where over 90% of its citizens were muslim
"the  unborn person  is how clinton describes the baby in the womb. so if the  unborn  is a person then wouldn t it have rights?  this interview with clinton shows what a cold-hearted woman she is. she s all for late-term abortion like obama is but we skewer trump for being pro-life? the  unfavorable  ratings with women should be sky high for clinton. in an interview with chuck todd on nbc s  meet the press  airing on sunday
 black panther diva
 fake laugh when “grieving mom” brings up cheating bill [video]"
"is this not considered child abuse?as birthday entertainment
000 donation from ellen degeneres [video]"
 this grocery chain will refuse to serve you"
"why the heck do preschool kids need to learn about sexual orientation? this is clearly indoctrination and shouldn t be allowed in preschool.preschoolers in colorado are learning about same-sex marriage and other gender issues. both public and private schools are seeing a push for anti-bias curricula in their classrooms.it s a topic that teachers are not afraid to talk about it.from the preschool level with same-sex couples in picture books all the way to the high school level   students and teachers are talking about these issues together. we ve seen really heartbreaking data that suggests these conversations need to happen and they need to happen early in schools
"ahhhh .social justice rears its ugly head in the transgender department.  degendered  facilities are the new thing for campuses women who don t want to pee with guys are just out of luck how about social justice for women who do not want to share a public bathroom with men? now that s justice!a new york city college has responded to transgender students who vandalized bathrooms by rewarding them with campus-wide  degendered  facilities.bill mea
"are we sure this guy is actually qualified for this job? everything is racist and unfair to the obama minions. it s just hard to take because it s just so idiotic. have a listen and i know you ll be shaking your head like i was:transportation secretary anthony foxx told a crowd in north carolina tuesday that  only 49% of low-income neighborhoods have sidewalks  while more affluent areas have near 90%. in order to have a society where  everyone has a shot at the american dream
"like the soldiers of oden vigilante group we reported about in february
"this is yet another example of just how crazy it has become under obama s divisive administration. it seems like every day is a protest. patriotism needs to make a comeback with the next president after a couple spotted a man holding a sign that read  death to america  on a curb in middleburg
"wow these are some pretty eye-opening statistics republican presidential candidate donald trump has made illegal immigration a cornerstone of his campaign
"ben shapiro debates two students on when a baby becomes a human being. a hot topic that stumps pro-choice people but not pro-lifers: i believe
 while ignoring hillary’s lesbian affairs revealed by same publication"
 grabs cop’s gun
"when did americans decide they were okay with democrats exempting themselves from the same laws everyone else is required to follow? fox news reporter leland vittert had a brief exchange with al sharpton and baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake.vittert said he wanted rawlings-blake to answer a number of questions about the rioting over the past few days in the wake of freddie gray s death. he said he asked: what do you have to say to the number of officers injured
"fundamental transformation obama style henry claude agnew   miami
 very dangerous phase” [video]"
"this video is so disturbing but is a great example of zero parenting! the kids were riding the subway attacking different passengers. patrick coyle started recording after the kids slapped a lady. they then turned on him: (function(d
"if a black student was assaulted by a white university employee for wearing a  white hairstyle
"tell us your thoughts about this new gun design in the comment section below. is this compact
"americans had to know it would come to this. the anarchists
 who cash in on easter candy sales
"perhaps the focus should be on the epa and other government agencies who create an extremely hostile environment for manufacturing goods in america trump has repeatedly accused the company of outsourcing jobs to other countries and taking jobs away from american workers. ceo mark fields responded to trump s criticism in a recent interview with cnn s poppy harlow. he said ford is committed to adding jobs in the u.s.last july
"b..b b but what about the wave the baseball game
000 veterans stripped of second amendment rights"
"the religion of peace and tolerance strikes again a shopkeeper was murdered by a fellow muslim after he wished his christian friends a peaceful easter.asad shah
"well that didn t take long in the trains between leipzig and chemnitz the mrb is setting up some compartments for women traveling alone and mothers with children. the background for the alterations is a corresponding demand
"suggesting a person should be killed because the left disagrees with his desire to make america great again is beyond the pale but lets discuss micro aggressions and demands for safe spaces a tombstone for donald trump mysteriously appeared in central park this weekend
"unfortunately
"oh the irony
obviously not the smartest cowards in the desert  weasel zippers
hell begins freeze over did we ever think that donald trump would be the voice of reason? so which candidate makes you feel more safe hillary or trump? 
"after watching this telling video
 as if my body were their property” [video]"
"is it any wonder latino americans are throwing their support behind donald trump?concerned about strange people running through their neighborhood at night
 can i ask what you thought about the [terror] incident in brussels?’"
"terrorism has gripped europe
this is awesome! no words just enjoy! 
 belgium is burning
"january 2017 can t come fast enough for america
"after the community found out about the threats she was receiving
"these are statistics are shocking and very telling. please be sure to share this piece with hillary voters who support a candidate that welcomes un-vetted  refugees  to america with open arms in the name of diversity. obama and his regime have been shaming americans into believing that there is something wrong with us for being suspicious of radicalized muslims in america. barack hussein obama has gone out of his way to criticize christianity
"wow! we re fast becoming like europe with the sexual assaults of young women by muslim men. the men probably thought the women deserved it since they weren t wearing a hijab. michigan is one of the top five states targeted for muslim refugee resettlement:in the last ten years
 you are responsible for brussels…europe is ‘jihadi central'”"
 bathroom
"hey barry
"this video was published on march 11
 as obama appears to be protecting hillary from prosecution?"
 holland to muslim immigrants
"obama s trip to cuba is despicable
 obama 2009: [video] “after nearly nine years
"it s hard to imagine a president who could be more anti-american and more pro-terror than barack hussein obama. and then my mind drifts to hillary and benghazi the obama administration is emptying the military s guantanamo bay detention facility of avowed terrorists captured fighting in afghanistan and iraq
"he skips nancy reagan and antonin scalia s funerals. he pretends not to notice that police officers are being randomly killed across america. but give our pulitzer peace prize recipient a horrendous human rights violator and watch him bow in deep respect.lest we forget the first time we saw him bow to the saudi king:and what trip to cuba would be complete without a picture of our community agitator in chief in front of the repulsive
remember when it wasn t acceptable to be an anti-american in america? it s great to see at least one woman who is standing up with a few others on the board against these anti-americans who can t be bothered with the pledge. watch:
"americans better start fighting back against these people who are shutting down our public roads by hitting these thugs where it really hurts in their wallets. otherwise
"wait for the left to blame micro-aggressions by the insensitive
 evil people that i’ve ever seen”"
"how ridiculous is this woman? she slaps a horse and screams in its face. these protesters are simply unhinged! yesterday
"just what america needs another president who makes up laws to fit his radical agenda
"these  protesters  are only helping to catapult donald trump to the oval office. the more america gets to see who is against donald trump
"the tax-exempt muslim group cair has ties to terrorism
"this cartoon is one of our all-time favorites. you ve gotta love the note from bill on the pillow
"this utah protest was planned and organized by the far left. the effort to bring chaos and division is in hyper speed now but has been there since obama took office. his friends on the left are orchestrating this effort to silence anyone who wants to take america back from these radicals. every american should be furious at this no matter which candidate you support. trump is telling the truth about immigration and the muslim refugee resettlement. he s doing what no other candidate has done   he s telling the truth! the globalists and radical leftists are all in on the effort to silence free speech. nothing is more anti-american than what they are doing! this is a critical time like no other! please don t back down and don t be afraid. stand up to put america first! the swat team had to be called out because the protesters started throwing rocks and were fighting with police:new video: anti trump protesters and police getting rough with each other in salt lake city. sorry it's shaky pic.twitter.com/cgfwyf8zce  peter doocy (@pdoocy) march 19
"shades of baltimore? how can citizens or visitors in chicago ever feel safe knowing the chief of police would tell his officers to  stand down  when they are faced with a potential powder keg of violence and chaos? how can his officers feel safe knowing they were putting them in harms way? one can t help but wonder how much involvement our very own corrupt chicago community organizer in chief had to do with the decision to give the paid protesters free reign to terrorize trump supporters? a union that represents 54 officers from the university of illinois at chicago police department is speaking out arguing the chaotic donald trump rally on campus last week did not have to escalate to an extreme level of disorder and could have continued as planned.the metropolitan association of police board director
"this video should be viewed by every middle school
 because if we don’t…we lose!”[video]"
 islamic themed manifesto
"america s gotta keep 5-star mooch
"a young patriot made this video to show the hypocrisy of obama and the media who protects him.  he correctly points out the double standard in the media and in america when it comes to barack and the divisive
"hillary is failing miserably with the young voters. in her wildest dreams
this is shocking! two reporters from rebel pundit infiltrate a donald trump protest only to find it has nothing to do with trump but is a much bigger leftist anarchist plan: 
"president obama
"when far left publications like democracy now and global research start questioning hillary s involvement in the murder of honduran environmental activist
" this so-called movement is out of control and it s not even clear what the end game is here. this teacher should be fired for exposing the children to this idiotic stuff! a durham
"this veteran exposes trump hating protester in kansas city when he asks her to explain why trump is a  racist
 sasha and malia will join barack on trip to communist cuba…why not
 unions
everything you ever wanted to know about hillary and bill and their criminal past is in this video. how did they get away with so much? why have they never been punished for their crimes? many of the answers can be found in the video below. this is the full length movie. part i can be seen below. chronicles part i: 
"is there a worse crime than being a white male in america? unless you re a gay male
 tweets threat: “dear white people if trump wins young niggas such as myself are fully hell bent on inciting riots everywhere we go”"
"the attitudes of the family members defending this thug who violated an innocent woman when he broke into her home is astounding. after eight long years of listening to a president justify why minorities should be able to break laws with no penalties
"harvard is agreeing to erase the history of their law school founder to satisfy individuals or groups who don t agree with him. didn t we see something similar to this happening in the middle east? it wasn t that long ago that isis destroyed all symbols of christianity in iraq and other countries because they represented the history of christ and was offensive to the islamic terrorists. did americans think that was okay? this politically incorrect nonsense needs to stop before every ounce of history has been sanitized from our public and private schools
"while bernie sanders has pitched himself as the presidential candidate for the little guy   tapping into the wallets of voters angry over wall street s influence in politics   a deeper dive shows sanders has enlisted an arsenal of millionaire and billionaire backers who have backed his political career since his early senate runs a decade ago.that big-money support stands in sharp contrast to sanders  calls for corporate fat-cats and the uber-wealthy to pay their  fair share  in taxes by closing loopholes and removing breaks that benefit the mega-rich.at a rally last sunday at the ohio state university
"the families of the four dead americans you left behind beg to differ. not that you care
"here s proof that the violence we saw taking place in chicago was well organized:@realdonaldtrumppre planed chicago left wing violence at trump rally#makeamericagreatagain#votetrump       pic.twitter.com/bdw5xrc3lh  richard weaving (@richardweaving) march 12
"oh never mind
"the leftist media was quick to blame donald trump for the organized chaos and riots that were fueled by paid protesters who
 why can’t obama create jobs?”"
"wow! bernie and hillary have been making hay over the flint water crisis for months now
"there hasn t been a time in decades when the left has been so concerned about a presidential election. sure
"so is anyone else wondering why the cop-hating
"what do you think about the school s response to this police officer s request?the painting officer dave hamblin found offensive (facebook)a police officer father in the united states has taken to social media to complain about a piece of artwork displayed at his daughter s school.kentucky cop dave hamblin is outraged by the painting which depicts two black people with a gun pointed at their head.on one half of the painting
 had ties to isis
"100% fed up! was able to easily find evidence about the anti-american
 mr. obama”"
 i’ll just murder her” [video]"
"it appears that obama ally
 including women and children…eyewitness films terror from room [video]"
"trump spoke to his supporters at a rally in cleveland
"tow the party line or pay a heavy price. there is no room for dissention in a party where thugs who cut backroom deals with climate change related lobbyists in dc dictate what is best for america. there s probably a very good reason that the democrats have an avowed socialist and a career criminal running neck in neck in their presidential primaries in a shocking exchange on wednesday
"new york city that great melting pot of diversity has an equally diverse set of opinions on donald trump
"we reported about a trump protester who grabbed him during a rally today in dayton. click here for video.trump congratulate usss (united states secret service) on twitter: excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage  trump then said  he has ties to isis. he should be in jail! see tweet here:here s the video that donald posted with his tweet:usss did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. he has ties to isis. should be in jail!   donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) march 12
"reagan explains why the protesters got out of hand to the reporters:  all of it began the first time some of you who know better and are old enough to know better
"a protester tried to attack trump today at a rally in dayton
"here s a firsthand account of someone who attended the trump rally last night:i voted in my first election in 1996 straight r ticket for dole. in 2000
"if you haven t already signed up to help protect the sanctity of our vote in some way do it today! leisa and i have worked in polling places where crime rate is high and most poll workers are afraid to work. in the city of detroit
 572 shot in 71 days…obama terrorist friend
lefty losers  
"a huge rally of 10
"the university of missouri students
"apparently being the wife of a former democrat president and serial pervert
"it s time for someone to tell obama that iran is not an ally the justice department is drawing up an indictment that lays blame for the 2013 cyber-attack against a dam in westchester squarely on hackers working for the iranian government
watch: even her friends on the left appear to be fed up with hillary s lies. is it possible the media has finally grown tired of covering for hillary?
"do you have a friend
"wow! this guy deserves a medal of honor for his act of super-human strength and courage an israeli man attacked by a palestinian tuesday allegedly pulled his assailant s knife from his own neck and then proceeded to kill the attacker.the 40-year-old israeli was apparently collecting money for charity at a store in the suburb of petah tikva at the time he was assaulted. after receiving several wounds to the neck and upper body in what police described as a  frenzied attack
 he ain’t going to have to worry about surgery.”"
"a video from 1985 was shown last night during the dem debate that has people bussing this morning. yes we all know sanders is a socialist but it s interesting to hear him speak about cuba and castro .hey
"next up is a law suit to make it legal for h-1b visa holders
"does anyone believe for one second that hillary or bernie give a damn about the citizens of flint
spread this everywhere! 
"this story will fade quickly to back page news in the mainstream media. two black officers supposedly physically abused a 16 year old black boy. yawn   if these police officers were white you d be seeing this story ad nauseum until those officers lives were threatened
"according to insider
"no woman should be working in these public housing units where they re surrouded by men who are part of a culture where rape is a right.the 16-year-old adolescent
"thus the big win for donald trump in blue state of michigan michigan has one of the largest muslim populations of any state
"the security of our nation has never been more threatened than it is today
"here is a screen shot of the facebook post by warren
"here s a great way to explain socialism to the neighbors. of course
 france and eu invasion of phony refugees [video]"
 you don’t know what it’s like to be poor…to live in ghetto” [video]"
"the eu has opened the floodgates to muslims from the middle east and africa who have no interest in assimilating. did anyone really believe they would be able to maintain their history and their culture? remember when people dreamed about going on a european vacation?austrians fear parts of vienna are becoming no-go areas after a father was attacked by a  sharia patrol  when he told them to stop threatening his wife and daughter for not being correctly dressed.as various factions of migrants stake claims to territory in the city
most sane americans are gonna love it!h/t weasel zippers
"this is a brilliantly written piece by nick short of politically short on the successful indoctrination our youth. he explains what has led the to rabid support bernie sanders
"no one exposes the truth about the corrupt and self-serving democrat party better than dinesh d souza. for decades
"only hillary would go to flint
"pedophile pigs looking to reside in your hometown teenage boys are requiring surgery after being raped in the calais jungle and thousands of migrant orphans are vulnerable to abuse
 a priest and a flag burning hillary supporter"
 mi amnesty so they can get free sh*t from taxpayers"
 slits throats of 7
"this is just another example of how public schools are using a globalist approach to indoctrinate our children. watering down the greatness of america by blurring our border lines that so many brave men fought to preserve is repulsive. fighting back against this mentality in our public schools should be a priority for every parent and grandparent in america!it is widely accepted that american public schools are controlled by liberals. it seems like every day
"this is hysterical
"hysterical with all the evidence available to american voters about hillary
"a recent poll showed that 40% of black voters support donald trump. the media is in full panic mode over the very real possibility that trump could win the general in a landslide. the only hope they have of stopping him from winning with the black voter is by somehow effectively tying him to the kkk. msnbc did their best to do just that in this ridiculous discussion where collectively
"the inaction by police officers who should have been protecting and defending the first amendment rights of the group who came to hear conservative speaker ben shapiro is shameful. i wonder how many of those police officers realize this crowd of domestic terrorists leftist thugs
"dr. ben carson is brilliant
"this letter was sent to 100% fed up! by an anonymous author:it doesn t matter who you support for president in 2016. this letter will make you want to stand up and cheer for the 80 year old american who expresses what most of us are feeling right now. enjoy rnc p.o. box 96994 washington dc 20090-6994dear representative
"stop counting the votes! your candidates nomination based strictly on the number of delegates they are able to obtain from each state following their elections.watch this great video explaining how hillary can receive less votes
"recently
 megyn kelly swims in hollywood cesspool"
"yeah about that whole trump not matching up to hillary in the general election thing  if there is a mass exodus from the democrat party
"thank god she has a vagina
 america “one of largest muslim countries in the world” [video]"
"is barack obama planning to use taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for un secretary general?the jerusalem post reported that barack obama has privately campaigned to succeed ban ki-moon as united nations secretary general at the end of 2016.israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu is also reportedly working with moderate arab states to prevent this transition.netanyahu remembers well just how us president barack obama brushed aside israeli objections and went ahead with the p5+1 nuclear agreement with iran.now
"the astounding hypocrisy of the leftist media has been left unchecked for decades. all of that is about to change. and no matter what side of the aisle you find yourself on
"if we didn t know better
this is a shocking example of a government putting the rights of violent extreme muslims before their own citizens: 
"how very  presidential she s cold calculating..deceitful but she has a vagina
 black panther cop killer?"
"na
"now that she s finally beaten the old cranky socialist in one state .hillary s on fire! hillary tells crowd
 placed bacon on door looking at possible life sentence"
"why would this actor go to a place where violence
"we are two moms who have put our lives on hold to do everything in our power to fight the progressives on the left from stealing our freedoms and the future of this great nation from our children. over four years ago
 chris rock’s smack down of whites at oscars"
"obama has shown favoritism towards the muslim brotherhood terror group almost since the first day of his presidency. many are convinced obama is tied to the terror group through his brother
"hey bernie the first step in fighting corruption by politicians might start with cleaning up the corruption in your own campaign thousands of contributions to democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders  campaign in january violated federal campaign finance laws
 block fellow students [video]"
 mohamed barry was living in u.s. on green card [video]"
"this serves as a reminder to anyone who thought facebook was a place to have honest and open discussions about political or social issues. tow the liberal line or prepare to be punished so does  white lives matter  imply  all lives matter? the black lives matter movement has shed light on the racial profiling
"european nations have naively opened their borders to millions of muslim males who have no intention of assimilating. as they make their way across europe
"during the democrats  first debate last month
"the democrat motto: whatever it takes update: an eyewitness stated that one of the alleged klansmen was black.lol i wonder who on the democrat side who set this up. cause these ""kkk"" members were silent. not trump supporters  pic.twitter.com/q2hf5ikezh  kevin smith (@sbstud11) february 24
" the goal of socialism is communism.  -vladimir lenin
 “equipay” allows users to split restaurant bill between guests
"melania trump has been taking a relatively low key position in her husband s bid to become our next president. she s more than just  arm candy for donald trump. she s a tough business woman who s proud to have come to america as an immigrant and earned her citizenship the legal way. watch her no-nonsense interview here with leftist msnbc hack host
"are you ready for these pedophiles to move in to your communities? the un is vetting the  refugees  who are coming to america. do you really believe they are care if the muslim families they re sending to the us are adherents of sharia law? it s a numbers game for them. the faith based charities are being paid large sums of money to bring whomever the un deems worthy of our taxpayer support. as an added bonus
"i m embarrassed that i know people who will actually pay money to go see a movie this dingbat actress is  embarrassed  to have taken part in. these people keep defining this insane progressive narrative
"there never seems to be a shortage of smug
"yes
 islamization
"the indoctrination of our youth is happening at every level in almost ever corner of the world it was meant to be a creative writing exercise as part of a religious education lesson.but when pupils were asked to write a letter to their parents saying they had converted to islam
"it won t be long before the muslims outnumber the germans. that s when the real fireworks are going to start flying dramatic footage shows a refugee woman spitting at a horde of anti-migrant protesters who swarmed around their bus in the tiny german village where they are to be housed.german police
 proudly” names street after black panther"
"every time trump makes lemons from lemonade
000 isis trained jihadi’s living freely in europe"
 will ferrell throws his support behind cankles…"
"world hijab day is coming up and the capital of canada plans on celebrating it. it s no secret that the newly elected liberal leader of canada is having a love affair with islam. there s even talk that he s converted to islam. a recent youtube video shows him praying at a mosque:  canada is a great example of  you get what you vote for . liberal pm justin trudeau has embraced flooding canada with as many muslim refugees as possible. more
 jihadi websites found on phone after “12 year old” migrant assaults foster parent"
 bernie sanders being cuffed and arrested"
 4 others indicted… face up to 96 years in prison for 2014 standoff [video]"
 lit him on fire…barack obama thanked them yesterday"
president barack obama and first lady michelle obama hosted a reception for black history month in the east room of the white house on thursday . 
"we can t say for sure
"just when you think you ve heard everything there s this what a great respite for the deserving rapists refugees thousands of migrants are being given rooms aboard a luxury ocean liner which comes complete with a theatre and swimming pool because sweden can no longer cope with the numbers arriving at its borders every week
"since this article was written in 2006
"pardoning the black panthers will just be the tip of the iceberg for this radical president. look for prison doors to be flung open across america
"pure gold the ultimate race-baiter-in-chief
 pregnant women who drank poison water $5 million"
"if you look closely
"kanye west announced on twitter this week that he s $53 million in debt. he immediately began begging for help from white billionaires. the very next day
"and the hits just keep on coming
"pope francis has joined democrat legislators
"god forbid an athlete bases their opinions on the bible you ll be hit with the full force of the leftist machine nike announced it has dropped manny pacquiao in the wake of the boxer s controversial remarks where he said those in gay relationships  are worse than animals. we find manny pacquiao s comments abhorrent
"on jan. 26
"it s hard to read stories like this without wondering how a commander in chief can so easily desert those who sacrifice all for our nation
 is using racism to promote himself"
"as an american of polish descent
"leave it to a democrat to waste everyone s time and money by putting forth legislation she knows has no chance of passing
 how muslim refugees have arrived in u.s.? how many are christians? [video]"
"only months ago
"the character of the modern left
"the entitled refugee mentality is becoming the norm in bleeding heart nations around the world. we recently reported about complaints from italian citizens that refugees were dumping garbage in the streets of italy to protest poor wi-fi. in germany
"it only seems fitting that an openly immoral group would attach their wagon to the wife of the most sexually deviant president to ever occupy the white house as hillary gears up for the nevada caucus
"every american should know the corrupt un has been
"because shootings never happen in a gun-free theaters right?  a local sheriff s deputy escorting a group of fifth-grade students on a field trip to the fox theater in atlanta said he was told to stand outside because he was carrying his service weapon
"all of a sudden #blackdeathsmatter could the grammy awards have their own race problem? the show is coming under huge pressure to diversify its all-white tribute lineup and honor the late maurice white.during monday s telecast
"does anyone in recent history remember the us department of education asking educators to place more emphasis on christianity or judaism in their curriculums? yeah neither do we as parents across the country storm school board meetings over a perceived overemphasis on islam in the curriculum
"wow! it s hard to believe the german government could be so cruel. sounds like a clear cut case of racism or something like that there was an uproar yesterday at the wasserfahrt in kl tze
"pray for our nation fox news reported this afternoon that barack obama can appoint a left-wing supreme court justice after the republican senate adjourns on january 3
 democrats demand obama chooses his replacement"
"why stop there? using liberal logic
"it s fascinating that even before any facts related to the flint water crisis were available
400 workers their jobs are going to mexico"
"the ted cruz campaign has identified the enemy and they ve placed a target squarely on their backs. it s about time the gop candidates stopped targeting each other and focused on the real enemy
"the apple doesn t fall far from the tree chelsea clinton is pregnant with her second child
"maybe it s time for muslim citizens and immigrants to start assimilating. what a concept texas has just made a move that is sure to have many people cheering
"only two days ago
"there must be an equal number of victims as those born naturally into privilege
 blames german right-wing extremists"
"first she won the coin toss in iowa
"how is it that a major technical facility with over 20
 bernie sanders to stop lying to voters"
"republican candidate donald trump was asked about the statement from the former president of mexico saying mexico wouldn t pay for a border wall. quick witted trump shot back saying
"it s probably just a big misunderstanding. bill likely misspoke kinda like
"will the democrats ultimately choose a marxist who s never accomplished a thing in his life or a serial criminal socialist? choices choices manchester
"this is really epic and just hysterical! it s also the second time someone has trolled one of hillary s town halls. remember sticker boy? he s the guy who stole the show from hillary during her speech in iowa by eating stickers. this takes the cake though:several members of the audience at a new hampshire campaign event for hillary clinton sported some creative t-shirts
"these grifters have no shame. how much more evidence do americans need to see before they understand hillary has no interest in our nation s security? how much more evidence do we need before the everyday american queen of the clinton crime syndicate is sent to prison? judicial watch today released nearly 70 pages of state department records that show that former secretary of state hillary clinton and her top aides
"tell us again barack
"are the people who pay to see beyonc  perform and buy her music even smart enough to figure out she s waging war against many of them? from her lip-syncing of the national anthem at obama s inaugural celebration
"backwards logic: since muslims won t integrate
"in an interview that is a tradition before the super bowl
"meanwhile
 racial division…race-baiting hubby
"so far
"enough is enough! german citizens are witnessing the fast-track decline of their nation. does america need to look any further than germany to see that bringing in hundreds of thousands (in germany s case millions) of muslim men from countries who have no interest in assimilating in the western world
 cop-hating
"being sent to russia for misbehavior may be just the incentive these lawless  rapefugee  need to begin assimilating with the european culture and following the laws they seem to have no regard for according to a russian news website
"maybe hillary should be hiring someone to handle her social media. hey maybe she could hire her top aide
"before we get too far into this story
"with homeless or needy people on just about every corner
000+ radical islamists ready to attack…over 100 isis members among refugees"
"the big question is who
” as men sexually assault her on live tv [video]"
 other radical groups"
"wow! there aren t too many non-political people willing to stand up to the lies of obama and his ties to radical islam. human rights attorney
 as eu officials finally admit secret about “refugees” they’ve known for a while"
 mosques into registration centers for voters”"
"this is the best explanation of why obama and the democrat party are fighting so hard to keep the us state department s refugee resettlement program going strong.  please share this with everyone who s been wondering why the democrats are so eager to bring muslim immigrants from countries who hate us
"this is the economic policy that s bringing throngs of college-age young adults to rally for bernie sanders.it s a sad but true commentary on the generation of  adults  who will be leading our nation in the years to come. note to college students
"sweden needs to start sending these pedophiles and rapists back to where they came from. at least 61 minors were married when they sought asylum in norway last year
"perhaps merkel should have considered the serious consequences of germany s compassionate open border policy that allowed over 1 million (mostly) muslim males to infiltrate their country. german officials essentially granted them permission to rape and sexually assault their women and children while they looked the other way. but that s not all germany is giving them free food
"liberal compassion: this story is a perfect example of how the left is leaving citizens behind in favor of invaders from other countries. why are we allowing politicians to have this kind of power? where are the voices of the citizens who are watching their heritage and centuries of a rich history in their countries being stolen overnight by strangers
"hillary clinton is a professional panderer. there is no vote she won t attempt to secure
"the democrats will stop at nothing to win this election. they didn t fight so hard to let millions of illegals cross our borders because they were feeling especially compassionate. they don t do anything without an ulterior motive stealing the vote is their ulterior motive the service employees international union is teaming up with four latino advocacy organizations and a key house democrat to convert as many of the 5 million latino permanent residents into u.s. citizens and voters as possible before election day.leading the charge is rep. luis gutierrez
"seven years ago
"roger simon of pj media asks bernie sanders  supporters at a recent rally why they re supporting him. they all seem to be in agreement that one of the primary reasons for supporting bernie is because they believe he will stick it to the billionaire s in america. because in the end
"has our lawless president finally conceded that even he can t save the head of the clinton crime syndicate? oh well
"in a nation so rich with muslim rapists diversity
"our imam in chief told america he was a christian when he wanted us to elect him in 2007. his black liberation theology pastor of hate later revealed that barack only used the church as a way to boost his status as a community organizer. he s been openly mocking christianity for years now and now
"this video should be shown in town halls all across america. it should be compulsory viewing for every citizen serving on a city council in a sanctuary city. americans who are okay with populating our country with hundreds of thousands of muslim refugees need to watch what happens when you allow a large group of people live in our country who have no intention of assimilating england is home to more than three million muslims for the first time ever
"on friday white press secretary josh earnest told reporters some officials at the fbi have said hillary clinton is not a target of the current investigation.these latest comments by the obama white house reportedly have fbi and justice department officials  super pissed off. catherine herridge reported:that statement by josh earnest has got the back up of our contacts at the fbi and justice department for two reasons  they are super pissed off to use a technical term. number one
"when sharia law becomes the official law of the eu
"lol! you ll want to share this with everyone democrat convention schedulemonday
"one of my personal favorite conservative writers
steven crowder exposes the lies obama has been telling americans every time he steps in front of a microphone to address gun control. the left will stop at nothing to take our guns. lying about how easy it is to get a gun through the  gun show loophole  seems to be a coordinated effort by the left.please share this video (the truth) with everyone you know.watch this video expose the lies of the gun control left: 
"we recently reported about the deadly zika virus coming to america from central america. today
"muslims want the majority christian nations to accept them and pay for their existence
"the muslims faith must be protected at all costs it s the obama way during a news briefing delivered at the all dulles area muslim society mosque in washington
"it s always fun when hollywood shows a conservative side. rob low does just that with his twitter bashing of socialist whack job bernie sanders. good stuff! actor rob lowe invoked his  west wing  character sam seaborn to blast democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders  communication style monday night in cnn s democratic town hall.mr. sanders attacked wall street for corporate greed and  recklessness
"here is just one more
"thanks for the intel mooch. outside of his ambition to fundamentally change america
"for years now
"how socialism and political correctness are destroying a nation we reported about the crime and chaos taking place in france
"a teacher at a school in wels in upper austria simply changed the hymn  god s love is so wonderful  to  allah s love is so wonderful .an angry father confronted the local school board
"you seriously can t make this up. this democrat run city is officially out of control. we reported before that the epa knew about this crisis long before they told anyone
"in 2016
 white
"making a political endorsement by the naacp completely irrelevant you d think in order to get an endorsement from the naacp or its members that you d have to demonstrate loyalty and allegiance to black causes
 conservative
 work together to implement sharia law"
"complaints over lack of wi-fi
"reconquista
"assimilate or go hungry  human rights lawyers descend in 5 4 3 2 1 copenhagen
 “why not peace with hitler?” [video]"
charlie leduff is legend in detroit but this is a classic: 
"if you can t get an acting role in hollywood
"if the beard is a way to honor the prophet mohammed in the muslim faith
london is about to find out why putting political correctness before your country is a bad idea by bi: sooner than you think if the labour (far left) party has anything to do with it. labour has chosen sadiq khan as its candidate for mayor of londonistan in 2016   a muslim career politician with strong sympathies for islamic radicals and extremists.: shoebat.com
 “it’s anti-white racism…maybe the black actors don’t deserve to be on the final stretch?’"
 defecating in showers and pool
"on this anniversary of roe vs wade
" heavy security
"the obama trifecta: a muslim an illegal alien and a victim of the unfair laws of the united states that target minorities an illegal migrant who was convicted in wisconsin of sexually molesting the body of a dead girl is seeking to have his conviction on sexual violence charges overturned
"nice job adam baldwin. we commend you for standing up to the highly successful
 drink their cocktails
” “even expected” iran will use $billions in sanctions relief for terrorism [video]"
"poor hillary
"earlier this week
"so a woman straps an  apparatus  to her person
"the children were nestled all snug in their beds when oops! an illegal alien pedophile slipped through their window. these worst of the worst criminals are crossing our borders every day as our us border agents are given the  stand down  order by a man so hell-bent on a one-party system that he will risk the safety and security of our children and grandchildren. barack obama s kids will never have to worry about safety
 makes chilling video in “welcoming” neighborhood mosque"
 while joy behar offers some incoherent thoughts on wwii"
"stacey dash is no stranger to controversy. she was recently suspended by fox news when she said that [barack]  obama doesn t give a shit about terrorism. today
"where s the accountably? as our president ramps up his gun control rhetoric in the u.s.
 white marxists to serial criminals in pants suits"
 don’t watch this american pastor’s rant: “has america gone stupid?”"
"she s the most dangerous
"who kicks homeless people out onto the streets so they can host a rally? if sanders really cared so much about the  little guy
"this is an old video that exposes so much about the phony race issues that obama and the robinson s (michelle s maiden name) seem to be so obsessed with. please watch this very informative video to the end. you will see pictures of obama s white uncle and aunt that
"so far
"it s good to know there are a few hollywood celebrities who haven t bought into obama s false messiah b.s during an appearance before the u.k. s house of lords on tuesday
 poverty-stricken
 accused of raping 19 yr old and lying about his age"
"this random cop killing trend is almost like punishing every black man in america for the crimes obama has committed against our nation. most of us are smart enough to understand that you don t blame an entire group of people who are largely innocent of wrong doing
"this is a mind-blowing interview that confirms much of what many of us suspected about the clintons. for some
"europe is likely not going to be a top destination for families with young daughters
"whiskey tango foxtrot!the united states  sent iran $400 million in debt plus $1.3 billion in interest
"hillary was too busy to be bothered with making benghazi a safer place for ambassador stevens
"anyone up for a european vacation? how about sending your young daughters to europe to study for a semester or two? is this the end of the tourism and  study abroad  business for america s youth? more reports of european countries sacrificing their young girls on the altar of islamic supremacism. school girls were sexually assaulted and groped by the boys for months. the girls had suffered for so long without reporting the abuse
"this is a story is for anyone who thinks these muslim migrants are going to change their stone-age tactics because they are living at the expense of taxpayers in another country. three young men from north africa were arrested on saturday in the western german city of dortmund for stoning two transgender women.according to a report on friday on television station sat1.nrw
wish we could clone this guy   we love daniel hannan! we couldn t have said it better! 
"this hero s response to the threat of islamic terror reminds us why we fight so hard to keep the left from taking our 2nd amendment right away ufc fighter and ex-green beret tim kennedy has been questioned by the fbi after receiving threats from isis
"you ve got to be kidding! new york c mon! we just don t see this lasting for long. it s a perfect little  mini home  for one of the homeless people in nyc. looking so forward to the exit of mayor deblasio on tuesday
"if ga residents are paying attention
 f*ck the nra
"the citizens of rheinberg
 mi water was poisoned
"is the european gravy train finally coming to an end?the danish parliament is considering a bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their benefits.the leftists are very upset about this commonsense legislation. daily sabah reported:a controversial danish bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their stay in asylum centers looks set to pass in parliament after the government on tuesday secured a parliamentary majority.parliament was set to begin a series of debates on the bill yesterday
"this is a very big development. we all knew the gop establishment has been pandering to pro-amnesty corporations and the chamber of commerce
"are you tired of supporting companies who are couldn t care less about the future of this nation? are you tired of giving jobs to people who break laws to enter our country or who are being vetted by the un and coming here through a state department sponsored program on our dime? then take a stand and stop supporting them! when i saw the article at the wall street journal this morning that gushes about how wonderful it is that the international rescue committee is giving out loans to refugees to start businesses
000 “refugees” from latin america to u.s."
"and what about the female sailor in the headscarf? what was that all about? do all the female hostages of iranian revolutionary guard have to wear headscarfs so as not to offend them? this whole capture of the navy boats and the hostage taking of our u.s. sailors just wreaks of something that s been in the workings and was not as spontaneous as obama s spokes liar would have us believe iranian state-controlled news outlet tasnim released video wednesday afternoon that shows a u.s. sailor apologizing for purportedly infringing upon tehran s sovereignty.pictures published by #iran state tv from the moment #us marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/bcekajgpb9  abas aslani (@abasaslani) january 13
"the world is stunned by the number of women and children who are being raped by muslim  refugees  in europe. obama just announced today
"some good news for today! al jazeera is dead
"thanks to the funding our gop majority congress approved at the end of the year
"this is out of control! is there anything more un-american than telling high school students they aren t allowed to cheer  u.s.a.!  at a sporting event because they may offend someone from another nation?please call the wisconsin interscholastic athletic association in stevens point
"(function(d
"if rubio isn t smart enough to see that trump s catapult to the top of the gop contenders happened the moment he took a strong stand against politicians putting illegal aliens before americans
"// <![cdata[ (function(d
"so in an effort to reach out to muslims living in america
"this is possibly the most disturbing video we have ever posted on our website. this is an example of the  rape game  called  taharrush  german authorities now admit the muslim migrants brought the  taharrush  rape game to europe and showcased it new year s eve. sexual attacks on western women were reported in cologne
it turns out we re not as divided as people make us out to be really? 
"if you were to believe barack hussein obama
"proving what we already knew
"the results of this town s gun ownership mandate shows what happens when there are armed civilians out there in 1982
"it was just an accident a millionaire property developer accused of raping a teenager while she slept claims he accidentally penetrated her when he fell on top of her
"hillary clinton s new e-mail release exposes her relationship to some very anti-israel people. sydney blumenthal is a very close friend of the clintons and exchanges quite a few e-mails with clinton that are disturbing. did he have much influence of foreign policy and the inner workings of the state department. while clinton claims blumenthal was a minor character
 where are they moving to…and why?"
"the new progressive american dream: an undocumented
"you certainly don t want to get caught showing pride for your nation  kinda reminds us of the kids who got sent home from school for wearing an american flag on their shirts because they offended the mexican immigrant students ten pupils at a secondary school in gossau turned up for their lessons wearing an edelweiss shirt on friday.a teacher was very unhappy at the sight of this typically swiss clothing; he asked them to go and put something else on.according to the  sonntagszeitung 
"this isn t just any church organization
 was living in german refugee shelter"
"from claiming any american who speaks out against hugo chavez should be jailed
"there are so many reasons for this little coward to leave america and travel abroad for the duration of his term. does he have knowledge of an imminent attack on america and wants to be overseas when it happens? is he using taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for un secretary general? perhaps he wants to be on the other side of the world when criminal proceedings against hillary heat up? plotting against america for seven straight years can be exhausting. maybe he just needs a break? or perhaps it s just as simple as wanting to hit some international golf courses on our dime. whatever his reasons
 why i’m so hostile…and how “your political beliefs are a threat to liberty – not just for me
 fda
"leo must be drinking the climate change kool-aid:  it is the most existential human crisis that the world has ever known
"oh and as an added bonus
"the question is who obama will protect? will he stand by his  yes woman
 monica and other perverts make guest appearances"
 planned parenthood endorsement"
"dinesh made some frightening predictions in his blockbuster movie
"the clinton crime syndicate may find a few bumps in the road
"it doesn t appear the man rushing to doors of a paris police station with a knife
 i got bamboozled. i voted for him twice. i’m voting for trump”"
 sexual assault by muslim migrants for not defending themselves"
"there is nothing about obama s executive order gun grab. barack hussein obama has an agenda that
"really cher? we re not excusing infidelity
"a clear violation of obama s lopsided  deal  with iran hey barry do you still think iran wants to be our friend? what was the rush for america to cave to iran while totally ignoring their nuclear ambitions?  iran unveiled a new underground missile depot on tuesday with state television showing emad precision-guided missiles in store which the united states says can take a nuclear warhead and violate a 2010 u.n. security council resolution.the defiant move to publicize iran s missile program seemed certain to irk the united states as it plans to dismantle nearly all sanctions on iran under a breakthrough nuclear agreement.tasnim news agency and state television video said the underground facility
"are you kidding me? when is the last time you saw anyone cry out of only one eye? he clearly rubs his left eye with his finger (insert solution to make eyes water) then pauses (not for effect
"following obama s phony tears
 donates $10 million to yale university to build islamic law center"
"let s be honest when it comes to the clinton clan
"facts are funny things ever wonder why the left is so opposed to using them in an argument?cnn law enforcement analyst art rodericktold explained to cnn host brian stelter
"apparently these germans are not interested in becoming another sweden a wordless anti-islamist hymn knocked chart-buster adele off the top of the charts in germany.a wordless hymn by the anti-islamic group pegida called  together we re strong  has knocked pop diva adele off the top of the amazon singles chart.the song has been available to buy on amazon since december 21st and has been among the top 100 best selling singles for four days.german media picked up on the songs emerging success on tuesday when it was still at number 26 in the chart. die welt reported that despite widespread ridicule
"this should come as no surprise to anyone who has watched these thugs in action. there is no line the union bosses won t cross to keep the unions dues flowing .the list
"pc is killing our country. this is called fighting back while counterculture crackpots are working themselves into a lather over the prospect that
" no one listened we had many chances to expose this freak show when it started
 trump can’t save you!"
we re thinking it s having the opposite effect. maybe it s time for a food fight  the black lives matter terrorist began harassing unsuspecting patrons this morning at dove s diner on wicker road in chicago. gateway pundit
 riots
 15 wounded in chicago shootings new years day
"we can t afford to give our us veterans a proper funeral
"while us citizens are outraged over the removal of christ from pretty much every aspect of our lives
 defy his executive actions”"
"just another slap in the face to us citizens. our government arranges massive payments to hostages taken by the terrorist nation of iran
000 reward for person who committed “hate crime” with bacon? [video]"
"there are two small problems with your analogy susan  jesus was not a muslim and joseph traveled to bethlehem with mary. for anyone who s not paying attention there don t appear to be many female refugees accompanying male muslim  refugees  to greece.susan sarandon spent the christmas holiday on the greek island of lesbos assisting international organizations with the mounting syrian refugee crisis   a crisis
"the drip drip drip of communism in the leftist state of california a new california law scheduled to take effect friday will allow the police to seize private
"it s interesting to note the terrorist organization linked to this mosque (and funded with our taxpayer dollars)
"this is what happens when you have government leaders who represent their own self interests
000 fine"
"do you think our gun grabber in chief should be next?virginia state senator bill carrico (r-dist. 40) is responding to governor terry mcauliffe s (d) relentless gun control push by introducing a budget amendment to remove funding for mcauliffe s protection detail.carrico said
"apparently free housing
"these  good samaritans  bit off a little more than they could chew. maybe next time they ll think twice about helping people who have no intention of assimilating or becoming part of a community. it s an all about me mentality coming from these people who are supposedly looking for help to escape persecution a white bleeding-heart leftist couple made headlines when they generously opened their home to a group of muslim refugees allegedly fleeing devout muslim militants. however
 while ignoring 6 murders
"i m sure it just slipped the feeble minds of the leftist media if it weren t for double standards
"is anyone else concerned that the left was able to turn the display of a confederate flag by an american into a criminal offense almost overnight? when a contractor s truck at the university of wisconsin   lacrosse sported a confederate flag across its grille in november
"would this student have been suspended for saying he doesn t think blondes are  hot? did colorado college violate a student s first amendment right to free speech when it suspended him for six months for stating online that he doesn t find black women attractive?we may never know
"it doesn t matter if you have black friends
"who better than a man who risked the lives of his wife and children to get free dental care to ask taxpayers in europe and america to open their doors to more freeloading muslims? the father of a little boy who drowned while fleeing syria has pleaded with the world to  open its doors  to refugees.three-year-old alan kurdi died along with his mother rehanna and five-year-old brother ghalib in september.they paid cruel people smugglers thousands to reach greece by boat after fleeing their war-ravaged homeland.but pictures of his lifeless body washed up on a turkish beach forced politicians to tackle the refugee crisis.his father abdullah kurdi said:  my message is i d like the whole world to open its doors to syrians. if a person shuts a door in someone s face
"americans should pay close attention to this story
 as they know 2016 election will decide america’s future"
" under my plan   electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket. if somebody wants to build a coal-fired power plant
"these poor kids have probably practiced for months for this performance
"no wonder we ve had the worst democrat president in the history of the united states for 7 long years!gop consultant rick wilson says gop establishment needs to  put a bullet  in trump s head.wilson has also hurled insults at trump supporters the past few months.breitbart reported: on tuesday evening
"of course in their blind rage for the conservative right
"this has just got to end! we have kids pouring across our border and they are not going home. it s a literal invasion with the obama administration s approval.pinal county
"never mind that iran continues to violate obama s lopsided deal senior obama administration officials are expressing concern that congressional attempts to tighten laws preventing terrorists from entering the united states could violate the iran nuclear agreement and prompt tehran to walk away from the agreement.congress is considering measures that would tighten the visa waiver program to make it harder for potential terrorists to legally enter the united states by increasing restrictions on individuals who have travelled to countries with prominent terrorist organizations from bypassing security checks upon entering the united states.iranian officials have in recent days repeatedly issued threatening statements to the obama administration
"does anyone remember a time in recent history that candidates in the republican party caused so many hissy fits by the left?// <![cdata[ (function(d
 indoctrination of islam in tn public schools"
"what catholic college campus would be complete without students who bastardize the lyrics to songs about the birth of jesus christ tis the season to protest
"the politically correct country of sweden paying a very big price for their kindness
"***language warning***this video will make your blood boil. my heart bleeds for this veteran who bravely pulled over to confront these terrorist sympathizers. the veteran was simply asking them to turn the us flag right side up. the terrorist sympathizers refused to turn the flag over and were actually dragging the flag on the ground during the confrontation.you will see a man in an orange jacket wearing a hat that says  navy seal.  after watching this video
" if you re like us
"every american should be demanding answers about why barack hussein obama is in such a hurry to empty gitmo before he leaves office. illegal alien prisoners are being released at an unprecedented rate. our borders are being left wide open by a president who s demanded our us border agents stand down. visas are being given to people coming here with the sole intention of harming innocent americans. law enforcement has been ridiculed and weakened by a spiteful racist and his willing accomplices in the media. what do we need to do to alert the kim kardashian followers our united states of america  is intentionally being destroyed by a radical in the white house?national security: the pentagon has cleared the release of 17 more terrorist detainees from guantanamo bay prison. president obama puts jihadist boots on the ground before mobilizing u.s. troops in the middle east.a congressional aide told fox news on thursday that the white house s strategy in the decision this week to set free more terrorist prisoners from the gitmo facility in u.s.-controlled territory in cuba is to get the number of detainees there to  as low as they can get
when karma bites ya  in the a*s 
"the drip drip drip of the left ensuring christmas is reduced to a quiet nonpublic celebration    this isn t a very good of taxpayer money
"by now
 while mn public school students sing “allahu akbar” at “holiday” concert"
"no dumb ass  we are actually not all muslims! last time i checked we were still a majority christian nation
"ryan has never made any secret about his desire to welcome immigrants to america. how many will live with him in his large family home in the confines of his fenced in compound? a recent breitbart news investigation reveals that rep. paul ryan (r-wi)
"lee young
"funding for sanctuary cities
"the jurors in the freddie gray case were deadlocked so the judge asked them to continue deliberating. in the end
"these videos are very disturbing. americans are headed down this path if we don t fight back against the left who put political correctness before our national security a german court has ruled that islamists who patrolled a city s streets as  sharia police  did not break the law and will not be prosecuted.here is what a sharia patrol looks like:nine were arrested in september 2014 after patrolling streets in wuppertal
"because the tragic drowning of this muslim syrian boy (who was not really facing persecution) is apparently infinitely more important to the left than celebrating the birth of jesus christ. but we already knew that worse yet
 so he can workout with what? 2 lb weights? watch flashback video"
"real journalism ended a long time ago
"debbie wasserman-schultz didn t ask members of congress to bring a relative of an american citizen murdered by an illegal alien to the last state of the union. she didn t ask them to bring a spouse of a police officer killed as a result of obama s war on law enforcement. what about asking them to bring a christian or jewish family member from the san bernardino muslim terror attack? do they not qualify as  victims  deb? it s odd how the democrats pick and choose who does
"is there ever a time the left isn t portrayed as the victim in hollywood? the tragic 1969 car accident that left a young woman dead at the hands of late sen. ted kennedy will make it to the big screen for a film that the project s producer says will show audiences what kennedy  had to go through. according to the hollywood reporter
 torches"
 no jobs
"march 1st is the day! vote for becky gerritson for us congress in alabama s 2nd district!we love this woman! becky gerritson embodies everything that makes america so special and unique. she is a  limited government conservative  who is passionate about preserving and protecting the united states of america and everything we
"the despicable anti-free speech
"for the first time in the history of 100% fed up!
"just when you thought only muslim terrorists teach their kids to use violence against anyone who doesn t agree with them along comes the hateful american left. what these poor misguided parents have clearly missed is how many latino s don t support amnesty for people who ve illegally crossed our borders it seems like plenty of people have wanted to take a bat to donald trump s head this year
"a north dakota father is calling for the resignation of his son s high school principal after the  far left progressive  banned the senior s yearbook photo because he claims it s  illegal. fargo north high school principal andy dahlen told the fargo forum he rejected 17-yar-old josh renville s senior portrait for the school s yearbook because it violated three school policies that do not specifically pertain to the yearbook.according to the site:one bans the carrying of weapons on school property; another prohibits publishing of materials in school-sponsored media  that violates federal or state law
 turns on obama
"bullies come in all different shapes
 add 230 points…check “asian
"it s almost as though we don t even have a constitution never let a crisis go to waste president barack obama s advisers are finalizing a proposal that would expand background checks on gun sales without congressional approval.white house adviser valerie jarrett says the president has asked his team to complete a proposal and submit it for his review  in short order.  she says the recommendations will include measures to expand background checks.jarrett spoke wednesday night at a vigil for the victims of the newtown shooting
"while some of the most important questions about this jihadi couple are being left unanswered
"a hollywood actor defending the 2nd amendment is a pretty rare occurrence. kudos to kurt russell for sticking to your guns (pun intended). the interview can be heard at link below.legendary actor kurt russell said in a recent interview with hollywood reporter jeffery wells that it s  absolutely insane  to believe that more gun control will curb terrorist attacks.discussing america s  gun culture  and film producer quentin tarantino
 
"another gitmo detainee returns to terror is anyone else starting to see a pattern here? former guantanamo detainee
 he speaks for the masses…who can blame americans for not wanting to end up like uk? [video]"
 relationships with judges and arbitrary criteria used to deny gun permits"
"what does obama
"thanks to daniel greenfield for digging up this bombshell of a fact: carter did what trump just announced he d like to do. this reminds us all (i hope) that we ve been doing this muslim terrorism thing for waaay too long! it s been decades of dealing with this barbaric behavior and hate. if you ve never seen  argo 
 mi take to streets to protest isis"
"we can all breathe a sigh of relief
"a shameless promotion of amnesty by our feds. obama and the democrats are willing to do whatever it takes it s all about the votes the obama administration is encouraging the 8.8 million eligible lawful permanent residents to become u.s. citizen with efforts aimed at raising awareness about the process and pressing more immigrants to naturalize.just for fun the obama regime threw in this silly little reminder (see end of tweet where vote is prominently displayed in upper case letters. this tweet (featured in the spanish speaking video) basically serves as a reminder: if you gain your citizenship through our efforts
 barry’s got this"
"it s a wonder we have any sane children coming out of our leftist indoctrination think tanks that are being passed off as  schools.  the  vote bernie  is an especially nice touch the vice principal of camden hills regional high school has america s enemy all figured out:  domestic white  christian  men with easy access to guns. after a lone gunman killed two civilians and a police officer in colorado springs
"the drip drip drip of communism leftists are stealing our rights and freedom while americans can t be bothered with  politics  because they re too busy watching the kardashians the florida high school athletics association recently denied a request by two christian schools to broadcast a prayer before a championship game at orlando s citrus bowl stadium.cambridge christian school in tampa and the university christian school out of jacksonville are playing in the district 2-a high school football championships today and coaches from both teams submitted a request to ensure a 30-second prayer over the loudspeaker before kickoff
"this is a must watch from start to finish. there has never been a leftist who can defeat the brilliant dinesh d souza in a debate. he is a gift to conservatism and if we are ever going to win the war against the left
trump spokesperson katrina pierson:  when was the last time you fact checked barack obama?  i love her!!! 
"truck drivers are 100% fed up with illegal muslim refugees attempting to get across france border to uk by breaking into their trucks as they approach the border. click here to watch violent attacks on drivers and their trucks by refugees who are desperate to get into semi-radicalized uk. a video has emerged on social media of a truck that is destined for britain on which the driver has attached raw pork to keep muslim migrants for climbing aboard.the video shows a german truck waiting at calais with at least four parts of the pig attached to its rear bumper. driver is believed to have impaled them on the body of the 18-wheeler in an attempt to keep desperate migrants from approaching his vehicle.pig flesh
 biological and nuclear weapons across borders"
" well
"the obama s are classless we knew that. the obama s guest list for their  holiday party  apparently now includes black live matter terror organizers not surprised. barack hussein obama is not capable of saying  merry christmas  without listing 20 other holidays that might fall within a 6 month period of christmas. he s just not capable of acknowledging christmas without finding some way to marginalize it. kinda like when he talks about america and yes
"islamic terrorist syed farook threatened his coworkers at work. farook reportedly threatened conservative nicholas thalasinos before the attack:farook had been threatening him
"can we just stop allowing muslim refugees and visitors into u.s. from countries who hate us already? how about we focus on the 1% of pakistani s who are christian that face daily persecution at the hands of muslims?update: tashfeen malik posted a pledge of allegiance to isis before her deadly attack. she used a fake address on her passport.via abc:for the visa application
"as one would expect the obama regime is tripping all over the dead bodies of this tragedy to promote gun control. they only take a break from their embarrassing behavior to assure muslim s they ve got their backs. will this nightmare ever end?on thursday
"because everyone deserves a  safe space right? the white student union (wsu) at the university of california
"update: a leading supreme court analyst thinks attorney general loretta lynch is the  most likely candidate  to replace the late conservative justice antonin scalia.tom goldstein
"the democrats tried to attach a gun control amendment to the bill
"they wouldn t want to remind anyone the actual reason for the  holiday  season or god forbid
"holy smokes! this is what our world has come to?chicago police are investigating a video posted to facebook that appears to show a diaper-clad toddler smoking a marijuana joint as a man off-screen encourages the boy to  inhale it. a community activist yesterday tipped cops to the clip
"no word yet on plans to de-fund state department s refugee resettlement program
"oh the irony of a terror attack by muslims taking place on american soil on the heels of obama s return from phony climate change summit in paris isis has taken responsibility for the horrifying attacks in paris that have left more than 150 dead and hundreds wounded. french president francois hollande is calling for the closure of his country s borders. president barack obama didn t condemn islamic radicals for the attacks
"political correctness is literally killing america  authorities on wednesday night continued to investigate a redlands home tied to syed farook
"is this why we worked so hard to get a gop majority in the house and senate? spineless weasels republican house members blasted their gop leadership wednesday for caving to democratic leaders  demand that they abandon the house s bipartisan bill to tighten screening of refugee applicants from syria and iraq. the bill to bolster the syrian and iraqi [refugee] vetting process passed with a veto-proof majority and is supported by a vast majority of americans
"are you sitting down? the phony baloney climate change summit put on by our dictator in chief costs the american taxpayers close to $2 million dollars. someone needs to shut this grifter down!car service
"it s hard to be famous for being a  victim  in an arab gulf state who settles their disputes in a sharia court of law. someone should have told  clock boy  that being a victim in a country where victims are plentiful isn t really that special. unlike america
" this is not a joke. i am to do my part to rid the world of the white devils. jabari dean (c.) leaves the u.s. dirksen federal courthouse tuesday with his lawyer (l.). (dna info)the black student was released today after threatening to murder 16 white kids. dna info reported: a college student who threatened to kill 16 white students or staff members at the university of chicago   leading the school to cancel classes monday   was ordered released from federal custody tuesday.jabari dean
"how very progressive and how very ironic that our tyrannical president would take the opportunity to address how he plans to implement gun control in the u.s. while standing in paris
" join us as we walk out of our classes at 12:30 pm to show solidarity for our brothers and sisters of european descent  the black lives matter movement at the university of california
" individual people can be bullied into submission but as a group we can t be silenced if we are to really live in an environment where race is not a factor
"this letter is quite possibly the most important letter these students will ever receive throughout their entire college career. it should be adopted by every college and university in america as part of a contract the students are asked to read and accept.it s finally happened. a college president
"so this man who so desperately wanted children comprised of his genes
"it s just too hard too many things christians cannot do! who needs rules when you can just live in a godless society?  have some fun yolo!brad pitt is an atheist   because his father instilled a  christian guilt  in him during his upbringing.the actor revealed that he adheres to no religion in an interview with the uk s telegraph on saturday. pitt told the paper that he was raised in a southern baptist household in missouri
"we don t recall seeing this story in the mainstream media? is is not news when three men go on a shooting spree and shoot up a bus full of kids? three men have been charged with driving through jones county
"it s a win for the american legion! atheists wanted to take down the cross but a maryland judge ruled against it. thanks to the liberty institute for fighting the battles for conservative americans. great job!the u.s. constitution allows a large latin cross to stay as the centerpiece of the bladensburg world war i veterans memorial
"full frontal leftist propaganda as a side note
 jr. to phony climate change [video]"
000 refugees slated for deportation: “we simply do not know where they are”"
"welcome to the  new america
"rep. keith ellison (d-mn) is more than just a radical activist
 no one at body parts harvesting store was shot"
"this story is so stupid it hurts students at western washington university in bellingham
"this is not a war we can expect our children to fight on their own. we are in a war with a leftist academia who has lost sight of why we are paying for our children to attend their schools. we are not paying for our children to sit in a classroom and talk about the evils of capitalism
" the u.s. is the great enemy of mankind!  raved ernesto  che  guevara in 1961.  against those hyenas there is no option but extermination. we will bring the war to the imperialist enemies  very home
"update: no #blacklivesmatter protests plannedchicago has no shortage of thugs. what they do have a shortage of is support from the #blacklivesmatter terrorists and obama regime. you don t hear our community organizer in chief running to a microphone every time a young black man or woman is murdered at the hands of another black man or woman. sadly
"diversity first fordham university recently approved the removal of common restroom signage indicating use for either the male or female sex at one building on the lincoln center campus
"absent parent cashin  in mcdonald was the teen who was shot by the chicago officer 16 times
"how can it possibly be legal for these terrorists to lock arms and block innocent shoppers from entering these stores? the  miracle mile
"the spoiled brats protesting on colleges campuses across america could benefit from a little common sense advice from 13 year old conservative
"newsflash for mattel
"this is some pretty surreal stuff in the four years since the start of operation vigilant eagle
"this is insane!watch: protests erupted in chicago tuesday night in the wake of first-degree murder charges being brought against a police officer who shot and killed a 17-year-old black man in october 2014.watch this young punk staring down a cop who is just standing in place defending the protesters. this tough guy has been emboldened by the barack obama-eric holder race and cop war that was started when trayvon martin was killed by  white hispanic  george zimmerman. thug michael brown s death just gave these hate organizer a reason to pass the baton to a whole new group of rioters in another geographic area.now
"when did white students become throw away citizens on campuses?  white privilege has turned to  white shame  and outright psychological abuse at the hands of black lives matter terrorists and pathetic excuses for educators university students in massachusetts who were upset by an image of a confederate flag sticker on another student s laptop were offered counseling services at framingham state university.the offer came after the university s  chief diversity and inclusion officer
this picture is for anyone who needs proof that  liberalism is a mental disorder. the free range foolnothing says  happy thanksgiving  like a liberal tool.courtesy of peta
"re buke r byo ok/ verb 1. express sharp disapproval or criticism of (someone) because of their behavior or actions.obama s sharp disapproval of isis will have them shaking in their evil boots very powerful!by now
"take note
"we ll wait for an apology from cair and the leftist media who couldn t slap an  islamaphobic  label on american citizens fast enough us muslim saadiq long made headlines after he was not allowed to fly to oklahoma from qatar to see his ailing mother.saadiq was on the terror watch list and was not allowed into the country. the left lashed out at government officials arguing that saadiq was a victim of  islamophobia. saadiq was arrested earlier this month with his family members trying to get into syria from turkey to join isis. will cair rally around saadiq now?cair officials greeted saadiq long when he arrived in oklahoma from qatar.pj media reported:a man
 progressive or muslim?"
"coexist
"teaching kids all across america that bringing fake bombs to school on 9-11 really pays off is it possible the radical muslim family who became famous when their son took a fake bomb to school on 9-11 has discovered the cost of living in qatar is higher than they anticipated? or is it possible they just miss being in the spotlight? we re thinking america may have a slightly different attitude about the muslim clock boy post paris tragedy you know what they say timing is everything .(pun intended).give us $15 million   or else.that s the demand from the family of the world s most famous clockmaker
"was this a case of anti-semitism? if it wasn t
"if the republican party really cared about winning this race
"when we found this insane article on the occupy democrats website
"this barack obama-eric holder inspired anti-american
"it s amazing the sheep mentality of students attending a school that should be promoting individual thought and encouraging students to not buy into propaganda without first exploring the facts.the price of carbon dioxide emissions could be the next thing to drive up the cost of a university education
" family doesn t complete you it destroys you? wow way to promote families disney there s nothing like a one-hour promotion of planned parenthood (baby parts harvester for profit) from the corporation who owes their success to live children. anyone who supports the disney corporation should be asking them how they can market their amusement parks to live children
"so sweden basically wants to ensure muslims returning from raping and beheading innocent people overseas
"i just happened to be listening to rush today and want to pass this on to everyone. please share this and stop the false story being reported to try and bring down trump. it s bad enough that the lefty media is trying to take down trump with big lies
"if seven years ago
"nothing about this man surprises most of us anymore .decoding obama s speech reveals some startling revelations and i will bless them that bless thee
"this isn t going to end well for germany a hospital in sigmaringen
"behold the democrats best choice for president of the united states of america. hillary should be on bloody knees every day thanking her lucky stars she s not a republican .hillary clinton gave a speech thursday at the council on foreign relation
" in the capitol of oslo
 but not in the same world”"
"the always brilliant ben shapiro answers that question in well
"just suppose the play was cancelled because the school was using black actors. would this be the only place you would see this story?a small
"hint: it s not because of jane fonda (although that would make more sense than the actual reason for their apology).if the people who re up for an award happen to be  white  then why is that such a huge deal? well
"this story is from 2006 and is the first in a long series of hillary s lies that we ll be exposing over the next couple of months for more than a decade
"obama has a knack for going overseas and disparaging the citizens of the united states. the hate america mantra. it s what he knows. it s how he s wired. but this time
"how quickly the democrats have forgotten about that little  incident  that landed hillary in the hospital
"there is a also a map (below) showing which states will and won t accept refugees from syria and those who haven t made up their minds yet leave it to obama to call anyone who questions the sanity of bringing hundreds of thousands of unchecked muslims over to a country they ve been taught to hate since birth  anti-americans! president obama said the united states needed to  step up and do its part  admitting refugees from syriahe said that the issue of refugees and terrorism should not be equated in the aftermath of the paris attacksa handful of republican governors have publicly pronounced that their states would not accept syriansobama made a swipe at those gop leaders   asking them to be more like president george w. bush in the aftermath of 9/11now
"american translation:  my baby didn t do nothin  wrong. he was a good boy and loved everyone.  never mind that his brother is the most wanted man in the world!  pretty much everyone has strapped on a suicide vest at least once after a stressful day right? they seem like such a nice family ibrahim abdeslam
" christians don t decapitate their bosses well
 threaten students: ‘f*ck you
"these videos will shock you. when you think of sweden
"after watching this video
"the intellectual froglegs videos by joe dan gorman are truly a gift to conservatives in america. joe dan uses hard-hitting
"barack obama has somehow managed to inspire the worst kind of hate in these petulant college students. this latest hashtag campaign against a country in mourning is really incomprehensible. these spoiled young adults have no concept of how blessed they are to be living in the most amazing country in the world. they are truly  an embarrassment to our great nation.resentful black activists and their comrades started a backlash against the huge public sympathy for the parisian victims of the islamist terror war. on sunday
"wow it looks like dem candidate for governor
" we didn t mean to send a negative message. we wanted to be positive.  yeah because telling asians
” or else"
"the swedes have apparently reached their limit on  tolerance  for muslim refugees who have no intention of assimilating. since 1975
"never mind that almost every single aspect of the phony mizzou controversy has been proven to be a hoax. for these entitled trophy kids
"the terror attacks in paris are a horrific reminder of the consequences nations who open their borders to people who want to kill them will surely face reports are emerging that one of the terrorists involved in last night s paris massacre was a syrian refugee who arrived in greece last month.greek journalist yannis koutsomitis tweets that the country s ministry of public order and citizen protection has confirmed that the terrorist found with a syrian passport on his person was
"to all the college students who think it s okay to demand that hard-working americans pay for your college debt
000 federal prisoners “biggest sham”"
"politically correct racism condoned by the left and fueled by obama
 urine stains and garbage everywhere"
 says “their campus is out of control.”"
"gay mafia descends in 5 4 3 2 1 given the current body of evidence
"now we ll just sit back and wait to see if middleton s name appears on the white house registry in october or early november mike middleton
this is awesome! cavuto rips into this activist big time! 
"the usps is drowning in debt
000 jobs"
 they’d be protesting death of white 6 yr old autistic boy whose dad was unarmed with “hands up” [video]"
"we ll wait for nancy pelosi to call this movement exactly what it is an  astro-turf  movement. the  hate cops  and  hate white people  movement is a george soros funded
"an asian student reporter on assignment for espn and his cameraman were assaulted by an unruly group of intolerant racism peddlers
"cair knows what it s doing in tulsa
"how many times will our lawless president plead his unconstitutional positions before our supreme court? for a constitutional lawyer
"in your face progressivism they re not even attempting to hide it anymore. i m starting to believe these radical colleges and universities are wearing their glaring hypocrisy like a badge of honor despite refusing to grant permission to the college republicans to host presidential candidate donald trump in the school s largest auditorium in september
"war on christmas update: some very clever people are asking you to join their campaign to remind starbucks and their customers that christmas is more than a red holiday!social media has seized on the year-on-year stripping of christmas-themed symbols from starbucks  famous  red cups 
" so
"we certainly don t want to do anything that might offend the muslim faith. by all means
"lois lerner s criminal behavior with the irs targeting of conservatives was just a test run here s a little reminder for anyone who doesn t believe that what the left really wants is a totalitarian state in which opposition to its agenda is a crime.new york s attorney general eric schneiderman is extreme even by left-wing standards. he s a radical who ran by promising that violent racist thug al sharpton would have an  annex  in albany if he won.now schneiderman and a few left-wing congressmembers have come up with a great idea. charge exxon with securities fraud for not  disclosing  the risks of global warming.whether on not any charges happen
"a high profile
"because everyone wants to pay to have their hair cut by a blind barber! joel nixon is a barber. he loves cutting hair and takes great pride in what he does.but when he found out he had retinitis pigmentosa and was going blind
 larry david (net worth $800 million) claims $5k prize for calling trump a “racist”"
"how did any eu official think their country could survive an invasion of millions of mostly military age un-checked muslim men? did they really believe these men would assimilate in their countries and respect the faith of germany s christian citizens? a german official named hansjoerg mueller
"ben carson s professional but hard hitting approach with the progressive media is a breath of fresh air. the republican party should have been taking it to the media for years. it s really kind of sad that it took this long for the men and women in our party to fight back against their leftist agenda the american people are waking up to your games  here to brilliant analysis of attacks by media of dr. ben carson
"the gay mafia has hijacked pretty much aspect of our lives. they apparently won t be happy until every trace of gender identity has been erased. when will americans start fighting back? two daycare workers have been fired for refusing to go along with the center s transgender agenda. madeline kirksey
"so
"michelle obama received $70 million dollars from the feds for her pet project to promote eduction for girls. it s really a front and slush fund for her escapades to europe
 end arrests and free health care"
"thank god it wasn t a glue gun police responded in force to a massachusetts high school after a students reported a classmate with a possible weapon.police
"how long before the media is clammering all over this construction worker to get an interview with this  hero?  yet when ben carson suggested victims faced with the same or similar situation react in the same way
"of course this is the first you ve heard of this crime. the attacker didn t use a gun and a gun was used to stop the attacker from committing mass murder. it took an entire day to identify the name knife attacker as faisal mohammad. he was likely a racist
"state reps forced to stand awkwardly in backgroundat one point it appears as though someone approaches the two state representatives who appear to be trapped behind the rambling
"and why obama may be better off with a republican president edward klein paints a very compelling picture of what is going through narcissist barack obama s head:(if we could get a sneak peek at barack obama s secret diary
" the constitution in everyday life causes people pain    wendy kozol
"a move that would surely cause now deceased christian chick-fil-a founder
"maybe the  queen of incompetence  isn t as popular as she had hoped with the socialist party of america
 planning to wage jihad…mayor deblasio says “unfair”"
"say goodbye to your economy
 race baiting media[video]"
somebody needs to make sure chris matthews doesn t miss his meds before the cameras start rolling 
"the left is all about gun control unless of course
"***warning*** image is not appropriate for all ages.how very progressive a german photographer has started a campaign to have  right wing propaganda  censored on facebook
"holder should be making his baseless remarks from behind bars but that s another story retired attorney general eric holder pushed back on statements made last week by fbi director james comey in which comey suggested the so-called ferguson effect might be responsible for a recent rise in crime in cities around the country.in a gathering with reporters wednesday
"i vote for silly since anyone with half a brain can figure this one out it s not scary! remember composts and how they were supposed to be great for the planet these energy department goofballs need to understand what happens naturally is not a bad thing. how scary are your jack-o -lanterns? scarier than you think
this is a great visual to share with people who are in denial about the fundamental transformation of the soon-to-be muslim majority europistan. america is next 
"because being a young adult in college
"this ass-clown reminds us of why term limits are so important. leisa and i saw rep. rangel (d-ny) up close and personal last week when we visited the capitol building as guests of rep. mike bishop (r-mi). we were shocked at some of the people who have been elected to represent our nation. 20% of the house members looked like they should be roaming the halls of a nursing home  not the halls of congress!  these people have no business making serious decisions on behalf of our country. charlie rangel is a perfect example of our assertion it s no secret that democrats can t stand the tea party
"this is not some small obscure community college. disallowing our law enforcement to attend a school sponsored event in favor of protecting lawbreakers is a big deal! this school with over 30
"this indoctrination into a godless society is happening at every stage in our child s development. from grade school through college and even in grad school
"dressing up as an arab sheik for halloween was not what i had planned but now i really think i ll buy this costume and wear it on halloween. could someone tell the muslims to knock it off with being offended all the time about everything! just like i tell my children
"these leftist professors aren t just donating chump change either. the average donation from these leftist professors to hillary s campaign is a whopping $1
the lack of compassion for the families of these 4 dead americans in hillary s rush to cover her incompetence is beyond comprehension serial liar for president . 
"nothing says hollywood like supporting a serial liar who s managed to keep herself in the spotlight by clinging to the coattails of her husband
"who s laughing now  funny  guy?we asked everyone to boycott the steve jobs movie after not-so-funny guy sent this vulgar tweet directed at gop presidential contender and brilliant pediatric neurosurgeon
"if a black man is elected president in a country comprised of mostly white citizens is he still considered a  victim?  and should he spend his entire presidency trying to find ways to punish the country he was elected to represent? it s a rhetorical question of course at a white house discussion about improving the  relationship between police departments and  black americans
"this is another example of a thug randomly attacking someone in broad daylight. the woman lied and said she was defending herself but it was all caught on videotape so the truth was right there. the fact that onlookers just stood there and watched because  police had been called    is so wrong. what if this was your father or grandfather? you can see on the video below that this woman was full-on assaulting this 73-year old man. shameful!a woman was arrested friday after being seen on video attacking a 73-year-old man in front of an autozone on oct. 10
 tells them it’s okay to send naked photos"
"the shocking truth about how close we are to becoming a one-party fascist statethis is the most brilliant and scary analysis of where we
"the global wussification of the male identifying as a feminist may be more and more commonplace if you re a millennial or taylor swift
"jeffrey toobin chimes in to protect hillary clinton and it is in very poor taste but mostly untrue.  the reason mr. toobin s claim is untrue is that amb. stevens asked for more security 600 times! he knew the dangers but was not putting anyone at risk   it was the state department that failed him by not adding more security!during one of the breaks in hillary clinton s testimony on benghazi
"barack hussein obama the most anti-american president to ever occupy the white house this isn t an article from the onion. obama s department of education is proposing that schools spend a week celebrating illegal aliens
 just wind and snow
"this announcement seems to indicate that the obama regime already knows hillary is going to be walking away unscathed from the benghazi hearings tomorrow   fox news host andrea tantaros is pretty sure that vice president joe biden announced on wednesday that he will not run for president as part of an administration-wide plan to cover up the benghazi scandal.during a discussion about biden s decision not to enter the democratic presidential primary on  outnumbered
 i’m going to get shot” [video]"
"in case you hadn t heard
"your daily dose of insanity a san francisco middle school withheld the results of a student council election because the principal was concerned about the lack of diversity among the winners of the top four spots. eighty percent of the children who attend everett middle school in the mission district are students of color and lena van haren was alarmed no latino or black candidates were chosen for the top council spots.only white
"the same guy who donated tens of millions of dollars to obama s campaign (the first black president) is donation tens of millions to keep the black population in check via planned parenthood. how do these evil people sleep at night? three weeks after i left my job at the clinic
"obama s fundamental transformation of america s education system the american civil liberties union is suing three public colleges in missouri for denying in-state tuition to illegal immigrants
"outspoken conservative cj pearson hasn t heard from the white house and doesn t expect   to receive an invitation a teacher at columbia middle school in evans
"the first shot against pc tyranny in virginia has been fired!earlier this year
"i wish there was some way i could let tide detergent co. know that i don t approve of their association with the radical open borders
"this is an eye-opening story and should be shared worldwide in sweden
"thanks to ben shapiro of breitbart news
"indoctrination by disney pretty much covers every demographic: toddlers with sippy cups watching the disney channel and disney movies
"meanwhile
 follow the money
"event organizers are asking protesters to come out on thursday
"it s hard for millennials to escape the leftist propaganda. progressivism virtually front and center in almost every aspect of their lives. from progressive academia to a radical leftist agenda in the entertainment industry
"meanwhile
"just when you thought muslims had cornered the market on abusing gays! since you won t see this story in the mainstream media. please feel free to share it  baltimore city police arrested an aide to rep. sander m. levin
"here s the fake black guy
 christina aguilera
 many years”"
 but says he won’t run…watch surprisingly hard-hitting interview here"
"the shaming of the rich should not surprise anyone coming from a whacked out college that actually offers a major in the non-belief of god. the left s attempt to redefine the core values and beliefs that make america the greatest country in the world offends us. california college denies student yacht club
"it won t be long before the progressives start demanding we rename christmas the winter holiday. god forbid we start offending the left with our christian holidays several city councils across the country are voting to abolish columbus day   and celebrate the holiday as indigenous people s day.officials in portland
 star of newly released “steve jobs” movie sends vulgar tweet: “f*ck you ben carson”"
"when you re a republican and get a ringing endorsement from radical pro-amnesty carnival barker
"how would have america reacted if this article was written by gq magazine during barack hussein obama s run for president in 2008? where is the cry of  racism  from the right for calling one of the most brilliant pediatric neurosurgeons in history  stupid.  the double standards and clear hypocrisy of the so called  media  that american consumers support when they purchase this trash is outrageous! the real problem with the left is that they just can t get their little minds around the fact that dr. ben carson would suggest he would be willing to risk his own life for the sake of saving several others. the wussification of america is happening at warp speed and unless every day americans are willing to stand up to these freaks
 leave sick children behind
"roseberg residents and families of victims are speaking out against obama and are repulsed by his obvious desire to use the deaths and injuries of their loved ones to promote his leftist agenda. of course
"the progressive dimwits on the view proved today that they are no match for the brilliance of dr. ben carson. it s almost painful to watch him run intellectual circles around these vapid windbags famed neurosurgeon and 2016 presidential contender dr. ben carson faced-off against the women of  the view  on tuesday after he decried abortion and said that  we re killing babies all over the place. in my case
"wake up christians the left won t stop until they ve removed any mention of christ in your church the bishop of stockholm has proposed a church in her diocese remove all signs of the cross and put down markings showing the direction to mecca for the benefit of muslim worshippers.eva brunne
"the cover-ups and mistruths appear to be numerous. the question americans need to be asking is why?the oregon murderer was a black male. if you don t believe us
"because ripping babies from the womb and then carefully separating their body parts so as to procure top dollar from their vendors is very nobel indeed just don t expect my children to ever read a book that was written by you
"somebody needs to point out to this incompetent gun grabber in chief
"cnn
 kim davis"
"even though the muslim clock boy s attention seeking radical father won t allow the school to tell their side of the story
"if obama had a communist friend he d be this poor victim raul castro the champion of human rights and justice what a dog and pony show.cuban leader raul castro used his first speech before the united nations general assembly to lash out at the international body
 while ronald reagan’s son tries to defend him"
"we re gonna go out on a limb and guess that this young man s presence will only harden the resolve of most trump supporters to support his campaign lone bernie fan before trump appearance at ok state fair. tyler woodfin
"he did the same thing at obama s inauguration sounds like someone needs a trip to the confessional (and/or a psychiatrist) rep. bob brady
"leave it to our community organizer in chief to bully nuns who ve committed their lives to helping the poor in our country over a contraception mandateif obama s rules apply to these nuns why don t they apply to the tens of millions who are living in the united states illegally?  pope francis paid a short visit to the little sisters of the poor community in washington
"try telling a young black girl she can t wear dreadlocks to school  a utah school has told a teenage student she can t wear dreadlocks to school
"students at george mason university overwhelmingly thought ahmed mohamed s homemade clock looked like a bomb
"there s always another side that s usually being buried by the mainstream media in order to promote a leftist agenda media coverage on ahmed  bomb-clock  mohamed has been remarkably one-sided
" it won t lead to any solution. it s a kind of european union dictatorship towards smaller members an extra  1 billion ( 733 million) has been pledged by eu leaders to help tackle the refugee crisis following an emergency summit in brussels.it comes as slovakia says it will go to court to challenge compulsory quotas for relocating 120
"this jogger is a perfect example of how indoctrinated youth grow up to be well
"godless heartless and without conscience .senate democrats have blocked the pain-capable unborn child protection act from moving forward in the senate.the pain-capable act needed 60 votes in order to invoke cloture
"obama couldn t just endorse joe biden because like a loyal dog
"today is  schedule your mammogram day  with planned parenthood   pp lies to the american people so we think it s important to call them out on the facts: they do not perform mammograms!please call your local planned parenthood clinic and ask if you can schedule your mammogram with them   do it today! a few years ago
"sanctioned domestic terrorists taking direction from our organizer in chief and funding from his billionaire marxist friend
"everything about this muslim boy s story is a lie. from the first lie that he made the clock to the lie about him being unfairly targeted by the school. but in the muslim faith
"yeah
500"
 emily blunt “dixie-chicked” herself only days before her new movie release [video]"
 it doesn’t matter if we’re undocumented.”"
"andrew breitbart got under the skin of the left like no other. when he entered the political scene
"south carolina s daja dial could have answered a question posed to her during the miss america pageant in a way that would have likely satisfied the judge who asked a question about gun control. we give ms. south carolina a perfect  10  for standing up for our 2nd amendment. daja chose instead
"black mob goes crazy and attacks fair ride operator at the delta fair in tennessee. what they attacked him for is just so lame he wasn t loading kids fast enough. so the poor kids looked on in horror as the ride operator was pummeled. update: memphis police have arrested a man who allegedly started a fight at the delta fair sunday afternoon.24-year old antonio butler is the man seen at the center of what appeared to be an all-out brawl in front of a ride at the fair. police say the fight started because butler wasn t admitted on the ride because it was full at the time. after butler was denied he
baffling the worst terrorist attack in history and you d think american college students would have a clue about why we were attacked. 
"as the years pass
"i ve never been more grateful there are so many good men and women who are willing to risk their lives for so many ignorant people watch what happens when this palm beach co.
"it s certainly not a stretch to say that this is part of why we have obama. the media has become the national enquirer with reports on idiotic items like the one below that does nothing but dumb down americans. please make an effort to contact your local news station if they report on items like this. there are plenty of news items without this type of story even making it on the news. this is also a huge reason why americans and people around the world are turning to the new media with twitter
"no comment is expected from barack obama members of the #fyf911 or #fukyoflag and #blacklivesmatter movements called for the lynching and hanging of white people and cops. they encouraged others on a radio show tuesday night to  turn the tide  and kill white people and cops to send a message about the killing of black people in america.one of the f***yoflag organizers is called  sunshine.  she has a radio blog show hosted from texas called
"this rock legend is not very impressed with the pop stars today. we happen to agree with her 100%she provoked fierce debate by saying it was her own fault for being sexually assaulted at 21.and now chrissie hynde has waded into another contentious area   the overly sexualised nature of modern pop music.in an obvious reference to scantily-clad stars such as miley cyrus and rihanna
"occupy wall street 2011:the fun is over for a hippie mother who left her husband and four children to travel 1
"unprofessional? for those of you who might not know
"the anniversary of 9-11 reminds us of the danger we face when foreign terrorists commit crimes against our citizens. unfortunately
 co…hours later
 anti-white movement"
"this is a perfect example of how the left is able to decide which laws they follow and which laws the rest of america follows kim davis
 fed judge says telling illegals “show us your papers” is not discriminatory"
"when other people s money runs out an ngo operating in venezuela has published videos of starved prisoners in the socialist nation killing
"ferguson was the a launching pad for obama s war against law enforcement following the shooting of a sheriff in houston
hillary shows her true colors when a female student speaking broken english accidentally refers to barack obama as  mr. clinton . her overreaction to this woman s innocent error shows what really happens when you unintentionally displease the queen of the democrat party we re doing our part to expose this video she never thought would surface. here it is: 
"the left has waged a full scale war against our values and the greatness of america. unless we are willing to teach our children and grandchildren to stand up and fight back against liberal academia
"somehow we don t think this is what the queen of the clinton crime syndicate expected at this stage of her campaign the latest q-poll numbers have dropped and there aren t really a lot of surprises in the top lines. (well  there are a couple of exceptions but we ll get to those in a minute.) what was really startling
"an angry black
 aka bryce williams sued former employer for racism: former employer said he was “a crappy employee who used profanity in workplace”"
"no hypocrisy here director martin scorsese well known for violent films like goodfellas
"is spirit halloween really foolish enough to believe no one else will sell this costume? thanks to conservative news sources posting about this story
"as the anarchists and local thugs sit and nod their heads in agreement everett d. mitchell is the director of community relations at the university of wisconsin-madison. he is also an attorney
"the bad news for these bleeding heart liberals is there are even more reasonably priced pizza shop options who understand economics and reality image via lanesplitter pizza and subs facebook pageliberals love the idea of the minimum wage and a  living wage at least until it hits their bottom line.lanesplitter pizza & pub in emeryville
"when will american citizens stop being afraid to stand up and speak out against the  politically correct  thugs of the left?a new  black lives matter  textbook will soon be available to middle school and high school classrooms.according to the publisher s description
"bernie sanders can t effectively handle two loud mouthed female #blackliesmatter activists/thugs (see video below)
"nothing like a good dose of sheriff clarke to expose the lies of the left  after showing a clip of the confrontation between hillary clinton and some  black lives matter  representatives in which things became tense and clinton was clearly uncomfortable
"this is why american kids who are graduating from schools where tuition is over $60
"in 1993 harry reid wrote the immigration stabilization act of 1993
"america s next president could be eased into office not just by tv ads or speeches
"hillary may have gotten away with lying to the public for decades
"more redacted government documents covering up another scandal in obama s  most transparent  government ever .internal documents released late friday show managers at the u.s. environmental protection agency were aware of the potential for a catastrophic  blowout  at an abandoned mine that could release  large volumes  of wastewater laced with toxic heavy metals.epa released the documents following weeks of prodding from the associated press and other media organizations. epa and contract workers accidentally unleashed 3 million gallons of contaminated wastewater on aug. 5 as they inspected the idled gold king mine near silverton
 aug 22: details for protests in your state listed here"
"the center for medical progress warned us these videos would get worse .just a short time after a judge issued a ruling that the biotech firm stemexpress can t block the center for medical progress from releasing another video that shows what it does with aborted babies planned parenthood sells to it
"are these faux blacks cashing in on victim status or simply taking white guilt too far?an investigative blogger has accused shaun king
"how many of these punks treating police officers with disrespect will be the first to call them when they need help?a minnesota sandwich shop worker should have thought twice before refusing to serve a police officer his lunch.the problem started thursday when edina police officer marcus limbeck went to a the bloomington jimmy john s restaurant and was confronted in the parking lot by an angry delivery driver who told him they would not serve him because the police ticket too many of the company s drivers
"socialism sounds great until you realize the money government takes from you goes to whomever they choose (like family members) bernie sanders constantly says that he wants big money out of politics
"this story gets more and more unbelievable every day the epa has a record of releasing toxic runoff from mines in two tiny colorado towns that dates to 2005
the liberal pundits are pretty frustrated by the clinton campaign and it shows: 
"disrupting people when they re trying to have dinner came to an end when ted cruz protesters got all wet. can we do that to the black lives matter folks?an arkansas restauranteur thought some ted cruz protesters were all wet   then he made sure of it!the texas senator and republican presidential hopeful was enjoying a meal with republican arkansas gov. asa hutchinson in little rock last week when the loud group of protesters arrived. we wanted to make sure that [cruz] heard from us
 working class” party"
"has the obama regime really sunk to a new low level? is that even possible? what do hateful racist and anti-cop messages have to do with a dangerous deal with iran?the white house is getting hammered for a tweet that was posted on thursday using a popular hip hop theme for a meme promoting obama s dangerous iran deal. the meme is fashioned after a popular movie poster for the movie  straight outta compton  about the world s most dangerous group
"oh boy! target customers are hot under the collar on this pc move to give toys gender neutrality. angry customers are ditching target and have been very vocal about their displeasure on social media: @thehill so now being pc is more important than helping customers. no more target shopping for me target is bringing americans one step closer to a gender-neutral society. the department store chain announced what it called  something exciting  friday. after some customers complained about certain toys  being designated as appropriate for girls
this fed up driver was not going to be bullied into submission by these ignorant protesters. was he wrong to keep driving when these people know they re blocking traffic and putting themselves in grave danger standing in front of traffic? how do these fools know what circumstances of each one of the drivers may be facing as they re blocked by a pack of ignorant people? someone may be rushing their child to the hospital or trying to get to work on time for fear of losing their jobs. no one should never have to sit behind a wall of human protesters on a busy highway it doesn t matter what you re protesting that s just common sense to stay off the highways and roads.the best part of this whole video is when one of the brave protesters announces to everyone that he got the license plate number so he could report him to the cops they re standing in traffic to protest! #lowinformationvoters . 
 my brothers died for that flag!  
" the left believes they are winning this war. radical organizations funded by george soros and other radical leftists are paying protesters to join anarchists in the war against america. this is a must watch debate with two conservative men who are unafraid to take on one of the mouthpieces of the left and call them out on their agenda.steve malzberg from newsmax tv and nomiki konst
" a bunch of thugs
"just when you find yourself wondering if the world has gone completely mad you read a story like this that confirms that indeed
"so
 lies about treatment by cop…uncovered dash cam shows truth [video]"
"it s time to stop hitting the snooze button america! this crisis is no longer on our doorstep it s here. the democrats
"yes
"the lgbt mafia and pc police doing what they do best shaming americans and businesses into conformity. does anyone have the courage or fortitude to fight back
"schumer asked the president not to mention his decision publicly until he could make a formal announcement on friday.if that s how obama treats his closest friends who refuse to align with his reckless iran deal
"do you hear that sucking sound? that s the obama regime sucking more and more of your freedoms away every day in northern idaho
"because only a  right wing nut  believes if you re paying a fortune to attend college
"because #blackcopkillerslivesmatter right?supporters of tremain wilbourn
"the good news is the clinton crime syndicate is finally starting to come apart at the seams. the bad news is socialist bernie sanders is gaining steam
"is there really any point to go through the work and expense to become an american citizen anymore?huntington park may become the first city in california to appoint two undocumented immigrants as commissioners on city advisory boards
 farrakahn calls for army of 10
"socialism has never been proven to be a successful economic system. yet here in america
the answers to questions about donald trump by a room full of mostly democrats and independent nh voters leave these leftist msnbc hosts in shock 
"there used to be a difference. of all people
”like a really dark unpleasant death toast”"
"desperation has set in and planned parenthood is resorting to messy stunts that try and make anti-abortion groups look bad. i just don t think these ghouls realize that no matter what they do
"so much for tolerance and diversity how would you describe an industry in which the number of blacks employed has now dropped to 1968 levels?think about it. in 1968 democrats were still fighting to keep blacks from being equal to whites. actually the number of blacks employed in this industry is worse than in 1968 when you take their percentage of the overall population into account. in 1968 blacks accounted for 10.9% of the population. today they constitute 13.2% of the population. so
"malia s internship with pedophile lena dunham comes on the heels of her taxpayer funded european tour to london
 and if i ran for a third term
 “burn everything down” in large activist meeting
"who knew the radical leftist #blacklivesmatter activists had a co-founder?who knew the only political party with a black presidential candidate would be the target of the radical black left?cullors was asked by guest co-host janet mock what her plan was for republican candidates
"justice the obama way instead of investigating whether planned parenthood illegally trafficked baby body parts
 iran’s ayatollah tweets picture of barack with gun to his head"
"babies in bags and in a freezer   yes
"besides being a muslim terrorist sympathizer
"another horrible story about a deranged killer with mental health issues.  i was for his (barack obama s) re-election
"no actual verifiable evidence is available
"this brave man stood up to this ungrateful group of punks and did what every american should do when they encounter someone disrespecting our american flag.although none of the ucla students were willing to step in and help this disabled man with a can wrestle the american flag from these punks
"as barack hussein obama tours around the country trying to convince the low information voter that the lopsided and dangerous deal he and john kerry cut with iran is somehow beneficial to the united states of america he may want to consider the states can shut down his deal if they so choose to act.the obama administration has sent the iran nuclear deal to congress for a 60-day review provided by the corker bill. however
 and the people don’t trust the media”"
"if it were up to this  president
"all of these companies should be ashamed to be contributing to a to a company that kills babies
"black espn host
"obama s ice director sarah saldana is not the only one determined to help obama fundamentally transform america. in 2013
"this news comes on the heels of obama s  release the drug offenders in prisons  tour. all part of the fundamental transformation of america president barack obama s gutting of enforcement of immigration laws claimed another life
"why should armed civilians have to protect and defend our us military recruitment centers? muslim terrorists have made it clear that they intend to target these brave men and women who defend our nation. is it really too much to ask that we allow them to defend themselves?civilians
"way to go granny! perfect timing for your announcement with the discovery of the planned parenthood s aborted baby parts business in the headlines yesterday
"no conflict of interest here! only the most pro-abortion president in the history of the united states would have an  expert  who butchers babies for a living being paid by the american taxpayer to advise on healthy baby births  deborah nucatola the planned parenthood doc with the stone-cold heart and the lucrative skill of  crushing  babies in just the right spot has been advising the obama administration on family planning policy since 2010.from april 2010 through april 2014
 forced to apologize for saying “all lives matter”"
"because it was a  joke  before it was politically incorrect?before al franken became a united states senator from minnesota
"every day barack obama rubs his radical transformation of america in our noses as we sit back and watch republican presidential candidates tear each other apart over comments they make about each other this sunday marks three days since an islamist gunman opened fire thursday on military facilities in chattanooga
"when she s not shamelessly bashing people who don t think human action is dangerously warming the planet or radically confusing the role of the first lady
"greg gutfield asks the question we all would like to know about this horrific woman working for planned parenthood in the undercover aborted baby parts brokering video. after discussing the dicing of aborted baby parts over salad and a glass of wine
"transgender activist and bully
"just confirming what anyone paying attention already knew. the huffington post isn t interested in reporting the news they re strictly serving as a propaganda arm of the progressive left earlier this month
"die-hard amnesty for illegal aliens cheerleader rep. luis gutierrez: every time a little thing like this happens
"no word yet about the mayor developing a plan to help christians who refuse to bake wedding cakes for gays based on their religious beliefs for some muslims
"tell us susan what s worse
"what would a speech from a modern democrat be if they didn t include the lgbt crowd and embrace illegal aliens? it s almost as if they were trying to divide our nation in order to gain votes.??the mayor of kansas city
"don t turn off your paid internet service quite yet. if you have a job and contribute to our tax base
"nothing says tolerance like putting a loaded gun to a strangers head because you disagree with the flag they re holding a family was threatened at gunpoint for waving the confederate flag on their own private property in another illustration of how controversy surrounding the flag is only driving more animosity.the incident occurred on monday night in moseley
"being called out for his utter incompetence as a leader by the press is not something obama is used to cbs news s major garrett asked president obama at a press conference wednesday if he was  content  with four americans held in iranian jails while his administration celebrated the nuclear deal.  can you tell the country
"yesterday we told you about the company who buys aborted baby organs from planned parenthood. many of our readers were in disbelief and demanded proof that stemexpress was an actual company that sold baby parts online. here is the undercover video that exposed planned butcherhood: here is your proof: stemexpress
"the consequences of a failure to control immigration in america a foreign-born alien who sought help with his immigration papers has been arrested for the alleged brutal beating and rape of the woman who was helping him. zenen alvarez-alguezabal
"i m a mom who grew up in romeo
 dad fired for criminal activity"
 liver
 tough talk from washington does not solve problems  says our thug in chief as he threatens congress not to cross him on this dangerous iran deal here is why fox news  britt hume says obama doesn t need to sell this iran deal to congress:
"b b but i thought they said they re just trying to provide quality  health care  for women .an undercover video recorded by the non-profit organization
"like a spoiled child on a spending spree with no parental guidance
"kate steinle is the  wrong race
"well
"it s not just trump who s exposing the truth about the hundreds of thousands of muslims being sent to our country where they have no intention of assimilating. expert ann corcoran tells us the truth about why our state dept. is bringing mostly muslims over here in video below. over the past several years syrian christians have been desperately trying to smuggle themselves out of syria as isis tells them to convert or die.the obama white house sa far has ignored their desperate plight.it is also widely known that barack obama has been absent as thousands of iraqi and syria minority populations have been persecuted and slaughtered by isis.today in las vegas donald trump attacked the obama administration s policies that have allowed thousands of syrian muslims in the country while christians from syria suffer. you re worried donald may not have his facts straight on this issue
"it s not just the our open southern borders we need to be concerned about. it s our state department who seems to be hell-bent on populating our states with refugees from mostly muslim nations in africa and the middle east.this is one of those feel-good stories about how minnesota is such a wonderful state with its ever-expanding african migrant population. if you are a minnesotan it s probably a good thing to read.however
"as a poll challenger who has witnessed unbelievable blatant voter fraud by democrats
" they shot him in the head with a  45. they found out from the coroner that he was on his back (like this)with his hands  up and they shot him through his hands and through his head. now that s the original  hands up don t shoot
"an arkansas woman who went to pick up the class ring she ordered from walmart left disappointed
"miss him yet?here s an up-close look at a quality-of-life offense the city council wants to decriminalize.this urinating vagrant turned a busy stretch of broadway into his own private bathroom yesterday   an offense that would result in a mere summons if council speaker melissa mark-viverito and her pals get their way.wrapped in rags and a mets blanket the hobo wandered into traffic at around 10:30 a.m. and relieved himself as cabs
"fox news host megyn kelly shut down a liberal guest in a blistering thursday night exchange about president barack obama s silence on the senseless killing of kate steinle at a san francisco tourist area.kelly observed that the president was only too willing to speak out on the trayvon martin
"to watch a black comedian with a net worth of $70 million in a country with a majority white population whine about his victimhood is just pathetic. and for anyone who thinks it s okay for rock to spew this kind of hatred for whites in a video because he s a  comedian
 kid rock into ditching confederate flag [video]"
"the left has officially taken parenting out of our hands via legislation and handed it over to our government the list of things 15-year-olds are not legally allowed to do in oregon is long: drive
"america better wake up and realize we are quickly becoming victims of leftist bullies and their desire to destroy our right to free speech celebrity chef jose andres is backing out of a deal to put his new flagship restaurant inside the new trump international hotel in washington dc after republican presidential candidate donald trump caused a media firestorm with his recent comments about illegal immigration.in a statement
 but ventura county sheriff disagrees"
"cj pearson
"it s interesting how many of these celebrities who hate america and american citizens have no problem taking their money pop star ariana grande said her words were taken out of context when she was caught on camera saying she  hates america. a video of grande slamming the u.s. was posted by tmz on tuesday. the video shows the singer licking a doughnut at a california doughnut shop when she thought no one was looking. when an employee brought out a tray of oversized doughnuts
 
"since when did future democrat voters take precedent over enforcing the law? family members suspect jealousy may have led to the gruesome slayings of an othello teen and her 3-year-old son found shot and severely burned in a remote part of franklin county.maria g. cruiz-calvillo
"just another interesting discovery in a story that has already exposed a very corrupt government that favors illegal aliens over american citizens the gun used in the seemingly random slaying of a woman on a san francisco pier belonged to a federal agent
"so much for the us refusing to work with countries who are guilty of some of the worst human rights violations in the world from human rights watch: vietnam s human rights record remains dire in all key areas. a one-party communist state suppresses virtually all forms of political dissent
"wow maybe they could include a place where the  mothers  could pose with their dead babies a photo gallery of sorts women all over the world have opened up on the still relatively taboo subject of abortion on secret-sharing app whisper.finding relief in the anonymity aspect of the app
"about 62 percent of americans say they won t be taking a vacation this summer at all. out of that
"so much for that whole  dead broke  nonsense hillary clinton has vowed to be a champion for  everyday americans. the former secretary of state who once described herself and husband bill clinton as  dead broke kicked off her campaign on june 13 and in her 45-minute speech on new york city s roosevelt island
"disney s just doing their part to advance a radical leftist agenda by punishing conservatives and anyone who dares to challenge their views espn has become the latest corporate entity jump on the pig-pile on donald trump.following moves by macy s
"if the chicago public schools were a business in the private sector
"because the government knows best when it comes to raising your children or something like that.a maine mother faces child endangerment charges for allowing her daughter to play at the park across the street from her house without her constant supervision.nicole jensen told wmtw she often allows her three children to play at the park a few hundred feet from her house and parents in the neighborhood make a coordinated effort to watch each other s children. she watches from her front porch.but when jensen s 7-year-old daughter was playing in the park by herself last week
"because we don t have enough crime in our country already we need to import it from mexico and south america.to hell with america it s all about the votes the man suspected of gunning down a young woman at random at a popular san francisco tourist spot on wednesday has been  deported to mexico several times
 as nyc police officers with targets placed on their backs by obama and deblasio wear nuclear bomb detectors july 4th weekend"
"wow just wow!a pregnant woman has challenged pro life activists to pay her $1 million to keep her baby.in an anonymous essay titled  how much would you pay to stop an abortion? 
 bernie sanders in primary"
"it doesn t get much more anti-american than forcing the removal of american flags from an american owned business a florida car dealership is facing fines for displaying its patriotism.the kia dealership in west palm beach faces penalties of up to $1
"well
"i guess we re not the only ones who are 100% fed up with our marxist president following the influx of illegal immigrant minors from central america
 but kids with cancer…not so much"
be proud! one u.s. army veteran remained after the smoke cleared at the flag burning event in brooklyn on wednesday night. mark brummitt vowed to stay until the very end to ensure  that at the end of the night there is a flag left standing.  
"because according to the left
"americans need to put american citizens first and dump macy s. macy s has a customer service department phone number that should be ringing off the hook with americans who love their country and are sick and tired of the left bullying us into submission. tell them it s time to put american citizens first and you appreciate donald trump standing up for legal immigration: 1 (800) 289-6229  i ll be canceling my macy s credit card today. macy s just lost its  magic #makeamericagreatagain .dump macy s!real-estate mogul and gop presidential candidate donald trump called for a boycott of macy s on wednesday after the retail company said it would drop trump s products. earlier in the day
"no word on when soros will be put on trial for paying protestors to riot or when al sharpton will be charged with inciting the riots with his inflammatory racist rhetoric (all comments in italics are opinions of 100% fed up!)according to a report  from the u.s. department of justice
"are there any coincidences in the quid pro quo world of obama s chicago style politics?  here s the link story we posted about chobani and their naked lesbian ad. the video of their ad can be seen below:new york yogurt manufacturer chobani just landed a massive u.s. department of agriculture contract for school lunches after years of lobbying lawmakers and president obama on its products.the upstate-new york greek yogurt maker will be distributing its products to schools nationwide next year as a usda-approved meat substitute for school lunches
"gay pride? tolerance is a one-way street for those on the left two street preachers were brutally beaten   punched and kicked   by a crowd at a gay pride festival in seattle and the entire melee was captured on video.the preachers were holding signs reading  repent or else  and  jesus saves from sin.  the video shows a group of people initially screaming and threatening the men during pridefest at the seattle space needle.television station komo reported that some of the attackers belonged to a group called noh8a group of women tried to steal their signs but were unsuccessful. the video then shows a group of men grabbing onto one of the preacher s signs and dragging him to the ground. at some point he was punched in the back of the head a number of times while others can be seen kicking the man.another preacher was sucker punched in the back of the head.police arrested two suspects   one of whom has a long rap sheet.it s not the first time christians have been attacked by pro-gay activists.last august a gunman opened fire inside the headquarters of the family research council in washington
"a defender of the confederate flag who says the flag is not about race says: i m gonna tell you one thing
"this is just another example of the rampant indoctrination of our children by the anti-american left god bless these local veterans who came forward in defense of our american flag:a teacher who allegedly stomped on the american flag during a high school lesson on free speech has been fired.the martinsville school district board has unanimously voted 6-0 to fire english teacher jordan parmenter
"the children were greeted at the capitol steps in the communist state of wisconsin by protestors singing hate songs with signs that read: republicans and walker rape or molest women and girls.appleton
"no threats of beheadings have been made yet  oh wait those types of threats only come from the  religion of peace  there won t be any criticisms of this piece of  art  created  specifically to mock the belief that catholics hold about contraception by the mainstream media. no one will accuse this  artist  of asking for trouble or inciting hate or violence. catholics will just be expected to suck it up and deal with it after all
 once you don’t give a damn…no one can stop you” [video]"
"mexicans have been given a green light by obama and his regime to enter our country. why shouldn t the drug cartels capitalize on their expansive underground highways?  thanks to obama s open borders and lenient policy on illegal aliens
"it s actually quite refreshing to see someone on the right who is unafraid to take off the gloves. his message to those who support amnesty is pretty clear and he s not backing down to political pressure from the left. firing back at univision for its refusal to air his miss usa and miss universe pageants
 gun-toting flag stomper who caused month long man hunt threatening: “i am a terrorist toward white people” is released on bond"
"the  fundamental transformation  of america is almost complete. even barack hussein obama must be surprised by how few hurdles have been placed in his way in less than 24 hours
"hillary got a bit of a surprise while leaving a campaign stop in st. louis this week. who wiped the blood off your hands hillary? was it the same people who wiped your servers? how many cell phones do you have today hillary?  at the end of the video
"of course
"america s  first black president  continues to destroy employment opportunities for the black community we ve got a bad guy in the family
"like obama and his regime
"when it comes to limiting our free speech
"open borders have consequences bob barry jr. is survived by his wife
"it s painful to watch the stupidity and irresponsibility of the democrats who run the city of chicago along with chicago teachers union president
"where s the outcry from the left about the mistreatment and relentless badgering of black conservative gop presidential candidate
"i m sure the apple doesn t fall far from the tree in this case. many of us have known about the father-in-law but this digs deeper into valerie jarrett s own family. federal bureau of investigation (fbi) files obtained by judicial watch reveal that the dad
"remember joni ernst? conservatives were so excited to see her win a senate seat in iowa. you may be surprised to see who this  patriot  supported with her vote(below).bipartisan congressional trade priorities and accountability act of 2015senate vote 218   advances trade promotion authorityresult: cloture motion agreed to by a margin of 0 votes date of vote: june 23
" as americans we insist that no one should be targeted because of who they are
 barack obama
"the producers vs. the looters the man honeymooned in a communist country. he even wrote a paper about how woman fantasize about being gang raped. combine all of that with the fact that he subscribes to the disturbing belief of socialism and a reasonable person might believe it would all add up to a failed presidential campaign. in the america of the past that would undoubtedly be the case. but in the progressive hell the united states has now become a candidate with those credentials just seems to draw an ever larger crowd of supporters.politicus usa reports that socialist presidential candidate
"why would anyone want to risk their lives while serving their community as a cop in this hostile
"why does fox news even give this guy a microphone? he lost his relevance about a decade ago
"all the progress that s been made with race relations in america since the civil rights era has been ignored by so many angry blacks who ve bought into the carefully orchestrated obama
"this reminds us of the list of demands that were made by the american prisoners in mexico oh wait never mind the border has been a hot topic in this country
"of course
"we re living in such  historic  times i can barely take all the diversity and equality help us to choose the woman the obama regime will select to replace alexander hamilton on the $10 bill (below). the treasury department is preparing to announce that they are putting a woman on the $10 bill
"aren t the kids already suffering enough by being forced to eat mooch s slop for lunch? isn t it always  all about the kids  for the unions and dem s? when the washington d.c. city council pleaded for $110
"it s a shame really when a company who produces a really great product is more driven by their desire to promote a perverted social message than to actually promote their product. my husband thanks you chobani
"if the murderer was arguing in defense of a republican would the media be working so hard to keep her political persuasion private?  in a dramatic and colorful case with strong political overtones
"bayna-lehkiem el-amin
 great wall on our southern border and make mexico pay for it”"
"a different set of laws apply to illegals in fact
"karl rove is suggesting hillary suffered brain damage following her blood clot.on sunday
this whole public nightmare must be heartbreaking for her parents h/t weasel zippers
"george
these people will support just about anything obama says scary stuff!
"don t worry the liberal elite always know what s best for the little people.goldman sachs chairman and un special representative for migration peter sutherland said yesterday that britain should take in more migrants in order to avoid creating an environment of  xenophobia and racism .shocking footage filmed in the french port town of calais shows desperate migrants attempting to break into delivery trucks heading to the united kingdom in another illustration of how the country s generous welfare system acts as a beacon for illegal aliens.the clip shows huge gangs of migrants roaming around on a highway attempting to attack vehicles.police or immigration authorities are nowhere to be seen as migrants rip open the back door of a truck before attempting to pull down its contents to make their way inside
" you can t have people walking around with guns says the husband of the woman who wants to be your next president sunday on cnn s  state of the union
"black lives matter but only when white cops are responsible for their deaths. when blacks kill other blacks not so much.  kudos to the fred l. davis insurance company for telling the truth about who s really doing the killing in black communities.that s the statement on a billboard in memphis
"why would the vatican invite an aggressive leftist speaker to the rollout of the pope s papal document on phony  global climate change?  as a catholic
"does anyone care? if hillary personally gassed these citizens would anyone care? has america become so conditioned to reading about clinton crimes that they ve become desensitized to the serious consequences of their selfish actions?the clinton-run state department s approval of chemical and biological exports to the egyptian government increased in volume just as dollars flowed from mubarak-linked entities into the coffers of clinton family concerns. a group closely associated with the mubarak government paid bill clinton a $250
 used fake ss#’s and committed felonies are granted special privileges because they are considered “victims”"
"wouldn t it be great to have a president who made our national security a top priority? the obama administration will agree to let iran bypass questions about its past nuclear military work under any final deal signed in the coming weeks
"the army can t be bothered with defending or protecting war heroes
"as a side note
"here s one sure way to turn a solidly  red  state  blue in fiscal year 2014
 va board votes to teach students grades k- 8 about gender identity and gay marriage in a way parents cannot opt out"
"this is so over the top it s not funny. i m a huge advocate of parents being there for the kids but a felony charge? held overnight in jail? does anyone out there have anything new to add to this or is it a case of our ever overreaching government getting into our business?if this doesn t convince lawmakers that they had better start revising the child neglect laws   and convince politicians that supporting free-range legislation would be a great
"why do we even need a congress anymore? we have a king
here s a mom who knows how to raise her children 
"the left shouldn t be offended by graham s decision to do his banking elsewhere since they re all about defending  choice franklin graham is calling on christians to boycott corporations that feature same-sex relationships in their commercials. and he says he ll do his part by moving all the bank accounts for his two ministries out of wells fargo because of its ad featuring a lesbian couple. this is one way we as christians can speak out   we have the power of choice
"it would be a real shame if that hot coffee was made by some horrible war-mongering veteran or evil gay person .a marine veteran who  spilled  coffee on westboro baptist church protesters last weekend admits he lost his temper
"before we explore the actual details of marco rubio s  extravagant purchase
"it sounds like a perfectly legitimate reason it s likley nypd commissioner bill bratton has claimed it is hard to hire more black cops because  so many of them  have spent time in jail. we have a significant population gap among african american males because so many of them have spent time in jail
"perhaps this young girl aspires to be the first lady someday. is it really fair to fire her for making racist remarks on social media when our  president  and first lady have been on a  hate/blame the white man  media tour since they entered the white house? meet illinois resident shana poohpooh latrice
"it s almost like hillary s not really that interested in the  everyday people after all  except of course
amen! this judge brings it to this man and it s amazing! love this!
"with an imperial president who believes he is above the law
"hillary heads to dc for an exclusive fundraiser hosted by  one-percenter lesbians hillary clinton will be in washington
"kids just want to use words  that s racist
"hey al  why don t you try going into the neighborhoods of chicago and ask the residents to contribute to your worthless charity? everyone knows  shakedown al does nothing to help the hundreds of young black men who are killed by other black youths every year. it s all about the contributions to al and his worthless  charity at a hartford
"which begs the question:how many iraqi s have been placed on trial for similar circumstances? and do the rules of engagement only apply to the us military? a retrial is set to begin monday at camp pendleton for a marine convicted in the 2006 killing of an iraqi civilian   one of the most high-profile and legally and politically complex court martials of the iraq war.sgt. lawrence hutchins was convicted in 2007 by a marine jury of unpremeditated murder in the killing of a 52-year-old former iraqi police officer in hamandiya
"ultimate gun control is the end game of barack obama and his regime period.on june 1 breitbart news reported on obama s spring 2015  unified agenda.  the gun control measures contained therein which were to be passed by executive fiat.since that time representatives like rep. thomas massie (r-ky)91% (r-ky-4th) have placed riders on a doj appropriations bill to stop portions of the executive gun control push in its tracks. now the nra-ila is revealing that the obama administration is working behind the scenes to stifle reporting on firearms.from the nra-ila:even as news reports have been highlighting the gun control provisions of the administration s  unified agenda  of regulatory objectives
"not that it matters
"timing is everything
"no need to file rules don t apply to obama s amnestied illegals illegal immigrants granted executive amnesty can claim back tax credits for work they performed illegally
"but then again
 lil wayne starts fight at “stop the violence” fundraiser"
"but what about hillary being a  formidable opponent  when it comes to women voters? hillary clinton had trouble attracting high-powered women to a new york talk hosted by silda wall spitzer two weeks before her campaign officially kicks off. sources said that after ticket sales fizzled for an intimate
"the last three recipients of the highly coveted arthur ashe award for courage were gay: gma host
"how many american taxpayer dollars have already been used by the obama regime to spy on
"eric holder in a skirt obama s department of justice is working on  more than a dozen  new gun control regulations it plans to begin implementing apart from congress. some of the regulations are set to be put in place by november
"with 25% of mexico now living in america americans should be demanding our  president  tell us why he allowed these illegal aliens to cross our southern border and who will pay for their health care and education? americans pride ourselves on being people who have a government. but these days
"dr. christopher driscoll
"but what about that whole unfair  student debt  thing that hillary and bill are so concerned about?while arizona state university has almost doubled its tuition over the past 10 years amid claims that it needs more state money
"b b..but she s a victim (mosby claims her account was hacked).earlier this month
" i was always loyal to u.s.a and never betray its mission.  this sad story reminds us of the pakistani doctor whose intel he shared with the us lead them to discovery of osama bin laden s hideout. he wasn t much of a priority for the obama regime either
"pretty much people just yelling at each other so far. pic.twitter.com/jfndizcax5  adam housley (@adamhousley) may 30
"i wonder how many government funded trucks will be following mooch s kids this summer? oh
"because books written by authors like ernest hemingway
"according to bedford
"isis supporters on twitter are making open death threats to bikers attending the  freedom of speech round ii  event to be hosted today in front of a phoenix
"the presence of any kind of privilege puts unnecessary pressure on the people of colour to defend any anger or frustrations they have
"because you can t take a chance that a sailor in uniform might offend an anti-military patron manhattan s swanky standard hotel has issued an apology after a navy officer wearing her iconic white uniform was turned away by a bouncer   during fleet week.the sailor was blocked at the elevator to the top of the standard lounge around 8 p.m. saturday when she arrived with three others who wore cocktail attire
 mn public schools ‘white privilege’ training asks teachers: “when do you wear the hood?”"
"why should barack obama bother with the courts? he s always been above the law. he s already proven to us that he doesn t need a court ruling to bring millions of illegal aliens into our country. he s not following any laws when he demands our border patrol agents stand down to drug cartels
"megyn kelly interviews the blaze s dana loesch about baltimore s racist
 anti-cop commencement speech [video]"
"because after all
"nothing says  authority  like an unarmed officer in a mob of lawless thugs footage showing at least six home office immigration officers being hounded off the streets of peckham has emerged on the internet.the short video shows two officers getting into a brief physical altercation with one man
"coming to a town near you a sign was hung in a public square in antwerp
"a citizenry with no respect for the law or our law enforcement officers is the result of a lawless president who encourages this kind of behavior by making the criminal out to be the victim police in melbourne said one of their officers was attacked by a crowd as he tried to make an arrest saturday.the officer approached phoenix low
"just another whiny radical leftist keeping it classy. birds of a feather robert de niro delivered the commencement speech to graduates of nyu s tisch school of the arts on friday
 falls down when he sees tv cameras and claims injury"
"members of the catholic church need to pay close attention to the radical statements that are being made by the vatican s top advisor
" the banality of evil  is how ann mcelhinney
"our state department brought in over 1 million 1 legal immigrants entered the us in the last 20 years as a result of the refugee admissions program that was brainchild of senator ted kennedy and was signed into law by president george h.w. bush in 1990. its primary purpose was to increase diversity in america. has everyone had enough  diversity  yet?clockwise
"perhaps if one of her children or a close relative was sexually abused by a pedophile
 is that everybody will be as miserable as you”"
"a pentagon spokesman claims it s more like  one toyota speeding down the road by itself at night with its headlights off.  um unless i m mistaken barry
 while 89% of long-term jobless americans would ‘search harder’ if benefits ran out"
"we ve been screaming from the rooftop that obama s new open border policy will destroy job opportunities for americans who really want to work. can you hear us now?if they keep this up disney won t be referred to as the  happiest place on earth  for very much longer republican senator and presidential candidate marco rubio is backing a bill that would triple the number of guest workers businesses could hire every year
"what s a million dollars between friends? to hell with human rights violations hillary s got a campaign to win!a major clinton foundation donor regularly arrests dissidents and brutally tortures them to extract confessions
"it would have been more appropriate for the plaque to mention that the obama-holder-sharpton race war started here on canfield dr in ferguson
 
 
"in the face of mounting threats of terrorism and civil unrest in u.s. cities
"  we would encourage biker groups to stand down. there s been enough bloodshed.    waco police sergeant w. patrick swantonpolice in texas are on alert after two biker gangs involved in a deadly shootout in waco over the weekend allegedly issued orders to shoot and kill uniformed law enforcement officers.state and federal authorities distributed memos to local police warning that the cossacks and bandidos motorcycle gangs had been told to arm themselves and head to north texas in the wake of last weekend s bloody shootout. nine people were killed and 18 injured in the gun fight
" misogyny is ingrained in people from the time they are born   taylor swiftmi sog y ny m s j n /submit noun dislike of
"michael conger was arrested by eustis police once on a violation of a probation warrant and jeremy robertson had never been arrested by the marion county sheriff s dept.
" my success in the financial markets has given me a greater degree of independence than most other people
"like mother like daughter? chelsea is  very difficult  according to insiders. we know from former clintonites that hillary can cuss like a sailor and really hammer people so perhaps this is a case of  you are what you know chelsea knows being difficult to work with chelsea clinton is so unpleasant to colleagues
"****strong language warning****you have lit a fuse
 you can be no gender
"why would anyone expect anything else from a mayor who criticized barack obama for being  too conservative  and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that president roosevelt took  during the great depression miss me yet?last week
"the hate for our law enforcement is at an all time high. the blame for the injuries suffered and murders of innocent law enforcement officers falls squarely on the shoulders of eric holder
" we re going to have people who are bilingual teachers
"keep buying jay z and beyonce s music and keep telling us you like their music and see no connection between buying their music and using it to fund obama s race war rap mogul jay z has quietly used his wealth to post bail for people arrested in protests across the united states against police
"beware of this agenda that s agenda 21 for those who aren t familiar with the term sustainable development. your every move will be micromanaged for the  common good . i am really disappointed in the pope s position on this and many other things. he s so far left on so many issues but the fact that he s buying into the global warming scam is very disturbing. the un plans to launch a brand new plan for managing the entire globe at the sustainable development summit that it will be hosting from september 25th to september 27th. some of the biggest names on the planet
 instigate violence and disrupt"
 jokingly asks if it counts as a police chase?"
"apparently
"time to exhale james barack obama supporter james taylor doesn t just think the u.s. president is great   he believes obama is the greatest of all-time. i ve been watching politics since (dwight) eisenhower and adlai stevenson
"dr. mauricelm-lei millere
 we will take obama”"
"perhaps democrat mayor michael nutter is taking a cue from the reckless da in baltimore in presuming guilt of the engineer without the benefit of an investigation. the mayor basically accused the engineer of criminal negligence without even knowing all of the details of the crash. from democrat mayor michael nutter:  clearly it was reckless in terms of the driving by the engineer. there s no way in the world that he should have been going that fast into the curve. clearly he was reckless and irresponsible in his actions. there s really no excuse that can be offered. listen to the mayor s unjustified
"another disturbing teen melee broke out inside a brooklyn mcdonald s friday
"no mercy for welfare leech and america hater
" we do this not because it s legally required
"barack obama s reckless desire to open our borders to international criminals will likely result in the most serious security threat our nation will ever face. a group of 15 heavily-armed masked gunmen kicked down the door of a texas border home and opened fire without warning
"if nothing else
 george stephanopoulous made huge donation to clinton foundation"
 over 200 injured in amtrak crash and this passenger has the audacity to complain about this…"
"emboldened by a radical leftist  president  who thumbs his nose at our constitution and the core values our nation was founded on
"nothing like a ridiculous notion after all these years that hollywood is sexist-bahahaha! the aclu is such a useless organization that s reaching for conflict in areas that are inherently more incestuous than anything. what a joke!major hollywood film and tv studios have long been criticized for failing to create a level playing field for women. while insiders and studies have highlighted the entertainment industry s one-sided hiring practices in recent months and years
"the epa must be really bored with the important things they need to look into. it is just like the government to stick its nose where it really doesn t belong. do we really need to spend taxpayer dollars on this??? it just seems that the lines with all these government agencies are becoming more and more blurred. defund the epa!!!environmental protection agency administrator gina mccarthy will take a trip to a san francisco nail salon wednesday a visit intended to shine a spotlight on health risks posed by the industry.mccarthy s west coast trip arrives on the heels of a new york times expose published last week that documented poor working conditions in new york city-area nail salons
"it s hard to know who obama hates more america
"the war on the american flag continues.retired mounted an american flag in front of his house
000 after judge ordered him to stop"
"so is radical islam a made up idea? are all horrors committed in the name of radical islam just a figment of our imagination? our own military would disagree with the liberal premiss and would go further in warning our military vets against acting  pompous  for fear of an attack from a very real threat and not a  made up idea . you can t have it both ways and ignore the enemy but then raise an alarm against the possibility of an attack by them. so which is it? i stand with reality and truth. i stand with our military  against the very real enemy that is islam. the hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody has decided not to see.    ayn randmilitary vets told not to act  pompous over the weekend
"obama s apology tour for the greatest country in the world continues the united states heard widespread concern monday over excessive use of force by law-enforcement officials against minorities as it faced the u.n. s main human rights body for a review of its record.washington also faced calls to work toward abolishing the death penalty
 
"so am i getting this right? everyone needs to let the high schoolers rampage through the museum or else they ll scream racism? if we want everyone to be treated equally
"rate your mom for mother s day sounds like the perfect project that only an intrusive
"we d like to offer a special word of  thanks  to pamela gellar for shining the light on the truth about americans who are being bullied into submission by muslim terrorists. skit points out the ridiculousness of the argument by the left that we need to draw the free speech line at criticizing islam. it s okay to criticize christianity or judaism. there s no need to fear criticizing other faiths
"not that anyone should be surprised by this insanity after all
"get over yourself! mooch plays the race card again this woman loves to stir it up and fabricate things because it does exactly what she wants. it further divides us as a nation. why else would she (a lawyer) not know that in both highly charged police abuse cases in ferguson and baltimore
" the point is alan dershowitz made this absurd comment earlier
"in the initial interview with the owner of this bbq restaurant it was clear that this guy had good intentions. his intent was that we re all americans and that we have special months and days for others but not one thing for whites. could be that people might think he s doing this for the publicity but if that s the case
"conform or pay the ultimate price police seized ten children from an  off grid  homeschool family in kentucky on wednesday after receiving an anonymous tip about the family s traditional lifestyle.the nightmare story began when sheriff s officers set up a blockade around joe and nicole naugler s rural property before entering the premises. eight of the kids were out with their father but nicole and two of her oldest children were at home. nicole attempted to drive away but was subsequently stopped and arrested for resisting (attempting to prevent officers from taking her two boys away).the sheriff then demanded joe naugler turn over the other eight children by 10am the next day or face felony charges
"released from guantanamo and then making his way back to canada thanks to obama
"nothing to see here just obama evening the playing field by giving an ad hoc international tribunal the ability to overrule us laws and allow them to levy fines against the us the american taxpayer would be responsible for paying. it is really worrisome
"how very  charitable  of the lutheran and catholic churches to bring tens of thousands of refugees to america
 swedish citizens devise a controversial scheme"
"after a recent speech given by minister louis farrakhan
"bosch faustian
"it s interesting that josh earnest still carries around the line of bs that all middle class americans know is a lie. he is
"another positive step towards restoring our freedoms a federal court has decided that the national security agency s (nsa) bulk
"what comes around
"bah
"chuck norris wrote about jade helm 15 in a commentary for the conservative website wnd last weekend
 gay and oral sex"
"the radical baltimore mayor who ordered the baltimore police department to stand down is now calling for a federal investigation into the baltimore police department. what about a federal investigation into her reckless actions that were clearly motivated by her desire to side with the rioters?? are we living in some alternate universe where all ability to reason and to use common sense has been removed from our society?baltimore s streets will likely take years   if not decades   to recover after april s riots that left scores of business owners devastated and local police disheartened. many cops feel  demoralized
"meet alice miller who single-handedly scr*wed the legal voters of america by letting non-citizens vote. i guess voter integrity only applies to some .the supreme court has been asked to allow kansas and arizona to verify that only united states citizens are registering to vote in those states. unfortunately
"so words deemed offensive are only offensive if you re white? isn t that racist? shouldn t the same punishment be given to people no matter the color of their skin? we d love to know your thoughts on this.a high school baseball player lost his scholarship to cal state for being overheard using the term  nigger. meanwhile
 
"we re not sure which of judge mary murguia s qualifications for becoming a u.s. supreme court justice would be more attractive to obama. could it be the fact that she
"the stats don t lie on this one obama s hoping to reach the low information voter who watches letterman and will buy this bs. the stimulus under obama gave billions for work programs and education but we still need to give more??? as a taxpaying american i am 100% fed up! and ready for the black community to take responsibility for their towns and their youth. we do not ignore pockets of poverty but i would say that we ignore the truth of what s going on in the black community and what s the real problem here. it s just like when the main stream media ignores and covers up the bad behavior of groups of black teens. we ve reported on numerous cases of this bad behavior that caused damage and physical harm to others. the latest case was ironically in baltimore and the local press called the offenders  kids  when you can see clearly that these are teens. downplaying and not punishing the bad behavior by these teens only makes it worse. no consequences breeds chaos president obama said that  too often we ignore   pockets of poverty
"our first lady has taken time out from her self-appointed role as america s food nazi to fulfill her new role as  first propagandist  in obama s coordinated race war on america first lady michelle obama used a speech monday that was supposed to be celebrating the opening of a new museum to instead dig deeper the racial divide that s been growing ever wider during her husband s presidency.  museums and concert halls
"sooo when terrorists attack je suis charlie
 
" medal of honor recipient @dakota_meyer asking you to stand up against those who disrespect the flag #neveroutgunned   fox & friends (@foxandfriends) may 5
 you’re gonna be here a while…remember when barack promised number of emergency room visits would decrease with obamacare?"
"local residents supported the flag but national groups said they had received complaints about the flag. so this one is a good case of separation of church and state debate away!a month after a north georgia county caught hell for raising the confederate battle flag over its courthouse
"remember when the left would have been ashamed to say singing  the star spangled banner  was considered a  false display of patriotism? jamie foxx is being heavily criticized for his performance of  the star-spangled banner  at saturday night s fight. how about stopping this false display of patriotism altogether? what does two people beating the bejesus out of each other have to do with  the rockets red glare  and  bombs bursting in air ?here s racist jamie foxx s version of  the star spangled banner in fact
 
 
 
"leftist indoctrination for toddlers how i wish this wasn t a true story a three-year-old named lee defends the abortion of his sister in a new children s book   by an author with her own  ghost sister.   sister apple
" you re at forefront of this cause and as young people
"this is like one big slush fund for hillary 2016. the clintons not only collected millions from foreign donors
"a sick new  challenge  is going viral
marilyn mosby held a press conference today in which she said police officers had no probable cause to arrest freddie gray. that s a lie  freddie gray had an active warrant out for his arrest so baltimore police had every reason to bring him in.
"the police union came out almost immediately after the mosby press conference today with a response against her assessment of the freddie gray case. they are fighting back against the claim that the 6 officers did anything wrong during the arrest and transport of mr. gray.fraternal order of police lodge is asking baltimore state s attorney marilyn mosby to appoint a special prosecutor to the freddie gray investigation because of her personal connection to the gray family s attorney
"bill o reilly isn t my favorite and can be belligerently wrong sometimes but this rant is spot on:  the truth is   we don t know what happened to mr. gray. the same way we did not know what happened in ferguson
"so now that this guy fears for his life he s backtracking on the story he told or is he?this is such a mess and so convoluted that i doubt we ll ever get answers. this entire thing really is a sideshow to the bigger agenda of the obama administration. federalizing the police force is next from the beginning
"holy smokes! could someone tell obama he doesn t need to dump more money into the baltimore school system. i think they need to point the finger somewhere else the baltimore school system ranked second among the nation s 100 largest school districts in how much it spent per pupil in fiscal year 2011
"what is it that they don t get? does anyone even listen to these inciters of anger and hate? this is pitiful!warning: profanity/strong racial languagethis week on the new black panther party s  black power radio
"we all knew this but we also know that the reporting is very biased in favor of the trayvon martins or freddie grays of the world. the squeaky wheel gets the grease  the stat that s shocking is that there were 6
"this answers questions but also raises many more questions in this case. why did the van stop four times? the police van driver hasn t given testimony yet so perhaps he can shed some light on what happened to freddie gray an investigation into the death of baltimore resident freddie gray has found no evidence that his fatal injuries were caused during the videotaped arrest and interaction with police officers
"who knew that in our  first black president s  second term killing cops would be all the rage in the black community? a houston community college police officer has survived an assassination attempt after being stabbed by her assailant 14 times. the officer was saved by civilians who stepped in and stopped the attacker. the attacker told investigators he did this to get back at police for their brutality. a spokesman from the family said it might be related to the baltimore riots.officer april pikes remains in critical condition at houston s ben taub hospital
"new york mayor bill de blasio traveled to milwaukee to attend a fundraiser where he delivered a blistering speech attacking scott walker and the wealthy. governor walker is part of a dangerous breed of republicans
"the great society $22 trillion
 tried to set him on fire"
"midtown bbq & brew owner tony harrison was on  fox and friends  to explain that he saw video of a police line being breached and  realized that [authorities] weren t going to be able to help us.  that s when he decided he would stand watch outside of his business instead.harrison said that he left his restaurant at one point. when he came back
"a source involved in the enforcement efforts confirmed there was a direct order from the mayor to her police chief
"ferguson part ii:  police are having a difficult time investigating because of the rocks being thrown at them. baltimore and ferguson are one in the same. they re organized by radical leftist groups
"i watched this exchange last night and couldn t believe the insanity seriously. it was curfew and the people in the streets ignored it which is crazy in itself but then geraldo shows up. he almost comes to blows with rioters and is screamed at. one rioter said
100 donors to the clinton foundation"
"whiskey
"the american taxpayers are on the hook for less than predicted but this is still huge! it was obama s green energy scam with companies like solyndra that was like flushing millions and billions down the toilet taxpayers are on the hook for more than $2.2 billion in expected costs from the federal government s energy loan guarantee programs
"kevin d. williamson of national review nails it in this brilliant and true piece! this is so worth the time! this all encompassing look at baltimore and the failed democratic city governments gives us the problem and the solution. all i can say is amen!a few weeks ago
"the identity of the victim has not yet been confirmed
 
"wouldn t it be great if our first  black  president would make an effort to quell the angry and violent crowds in baltimore by and asking for calm? is it too much to ask that he take this opportunity to address our nation and behave like a leader for the entire country and not like a community organizer with an agenda? as long as the negro finds himself living every day in a major depression
 
 
 bloods and crips contracted to attack baltimore police"
"could someone please explain this? i honestly don t think it s any accident.i stumbled onto this video via badblue
"we should do nothing for these terrorists! they got money and a house from the government of uruguay but want even more from the u.s. and uruguay. unreal!four former guantanamo bay prisoners protested for a second day saturday demanding more help from both the uruguayan and the u.s. governments for adapting to life in their new home in this south american country.the men began their protest in front of the u.s. embassy in montevideo on friday and said they slept there through the night. they insisted would stay until they met with the u.s. ambassador. we ll be here until monday. we are not leaving until with speak with the ambassador
"mayor stephanie rawlings-blake: while we tried to make sure that they were protected from the cars and the other things that were going on. we also gave those who wished to destroy space to do that as well. and we work very hard to keep that balance and to put ourselves in the best position to deescalate
"because nothing says  justice  for freddie gray like a large group of teenage thugs descending on a defenseless woman and stealing her purse a producer for ruptly
"1). i m a christian.2). i m not gay.3). he fears his lifestyle puts him at odds with the bible.4). he s a republican.5). he doesn t like president obama.and the mortal blow to the left .6). he believes in the us constitutionin an interview with diane sawyer friday night on abc
 not so deceptive’"
" i will close my business before i will make any compromises that could jeopardize the safety and security of the members who shoot here. you can be certain the feds are more concerned about those  peaceful  muslims in america who want to kill me than they are about anything i might say or do that hurts the feelings of islamic (sic) terrorists. -jan morganon saturday
"try to process this: a woman running for president of the united states (whose entire career has been built on lies and deceit) has a  charity  that has now been placed on a  watch list  as a way to warn potential donors about investing in the clinton foundation the clinton foundation s finances are so messy that the nation s most influential charity watchdog put it on its  watch list  of problematic nonprofits last month. the clinton family s mega-charity took in more than $140 million in grants and pledges in 2013 but spent just $9 million on direct aid. the group spent the bulk of its windfall on administration
 
 
"this mayor s involvement in potential illegal activity will get little attention this story will be a full blown case of racial injustice in 5 4 3 2 1  betty mccray
"television just doing their part to contribute to the moral decay of america sex in a box in front of a studio audience having failed to save american marriages
 cop hater and rapper
" these are people who claim to love diversity
"adios america census: record 51 million immigrants in 8 years
"the recipient of the presidential medal of freedom from barack obama in 2012 had this to say when asked about racism: and i want to see a white man convicted for raping a black woman. then when you ask me
"the wu$$ification of our military army rotc cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on monday for an arizona state university campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.the army openly encouraged participating in april s  walk a mile in her shoes  events in 2014
"the laws don t apply to the clinton s they re just for the  everyday americans democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton s campaign bus (known as the  scooby van ) reportedly led reporters on a high-speed chase monday
"this story should send chills down the spine of every american. communism is on our doorstep they came with a battering ram. cindy archer
"nothing but the best for the queen and the queen s mom no other mother-in-law of a president in the history of the united states has enjoyed a more extravagant lifestyle than that of mooch s mom
"hell has a special spot reserved for this horrible man according to an article published sunday by world net daily
"seriously? first grade? when are parents going to stand up and say they ve had enough?!!officials at mitchell primary school are apologizing after a book about a transgender child was read to most of the school s k-3 students. we have a practice of if a topic is considered sensitive
"listen to the mind boggling answers to these questions asked by caleb bonham
"alan noticed his son liked to lay on his belly and pretend he was flying.one day he edited an image to make it appear as though wil was floating in mid-air. our family and friends loved this idea and it soon became a weekly thing on my instagram to see where wil had been flying that week. these photos soon took on a whole new meaning for us as we began to consider some of the unique challenges he will face as he grows up
 delta smelt
there s just something about shrillary that almost makes you wonder if everything she does has to be staged watch how differently marco rubio is able to handle an impromptu interview with this tmz reporter vs hillary clinton (below): h/t ij review
"jeb bush just unofficially placed himself on team  democrat potential gop presidential candidate jeb bush is calling on congress to confirm attorney general nominee loretta lynch
"hillary s for all  everyday americans just not the elderly ones in wheelchairs hillary clinton wants to meet  everyday americans  so badly
"because there wouldn t be any outrage over a  white kids only  field trip to a local college would there?parents criticized indiana school officials thursday for a trip planned to local colleges that was only offered to black third-graders
"don t worry
"because there wouldn t be any outrage over a  white kids only  field trip to a local college would there?parents criticized indiana school officials thursday for a trip planned to local colleges that was only offered to black third-graders
"from the amazing ann corcoran s refugee resettlement blog: ho hum! another of those somalis we are still bringing into america as refugees at the rate of 800-900 a month has been indicted in columbus
"as it turns out
"you d think she d know a thing or two about email servers and at a minimum
"umm yeah okay would it be acceptable to the school if this teacher asked her students to close their eyes and pretend to be jesus? it s a rhetorical question of course union grove
 but i bet you didn’t know this…"
"this is political correctness out of control! what do these goofballs think we won the war with? hopefully
"who needs family when you have a neighborhood mentor who can teach you the value of racism
"meet keegan stephan. he could be barack obama s son. he s a community agitator with a sizable following on twitter
 
"it s simple and it s wrong: the obama border policy asks ice agents to disobey federal law. it would be nice if people we ve elected to congress would stand up for the legal citizens of america. it s literally been an invasion from central america that is now on its second wave. please pick up the phone and call your elected congressmen and tell them to do their job! it does make a difference!during a hearing on ice oversight on april 14
not that anyone should be surprised by the lap dog mentality of these second rate liberal hack  journalists.  they re the reason the most crooked woman in america is even a contender in this race.
"everyone s been asking where the hillary van is so hillary pulls up in a gas guzzling van with tinted windows-i thought she wanted to mingle with the regular folk? this monster gets 16-18 miles per gallon! ouch!the van
"yep hillary s now a champion of lesbians and gay marriage. or is she? it s hard to tell exactly what hillary stands for. she seemed pretty adamant in the videos below that she was committed to preserving the sanctity of marriage between a man and woman. hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house: the nation s largest lesbian political action committee.the group
"wow! what a list of accomplishments! the problem is that these accomplishments are rotten to the core. just read a few and you ll get a taste of the corruption and chicago style politics transplanted to d.c. via obama. not pretty!law and justice  first president to violate the war powers act (unilaterally executing american military operations in libya without informing congress in the required time period   source: huffington post)  first president to triple the number of warrantless wiretaps of u.s. citizens (source: aclu)   first president to sign into law a bill that permits the government to  hold anyone suspected of being associated with terrorism indefinitely
"yada
"don t you know obama would love to just throw those who disagree with him in jail. well
 emily’s list doing its part to keep minority population in check… endorses hillary"
" we have not observed the principles and ideals upon which this country was founded. obama makes sure to let everyone know  americans never makes a claim about being perfect
"you won t believe this judge and how he berates a family that was terrorized in a home invasion. can a three-year old help how she feels after this traumatic event?the reason judge olu stevens of louisville
 ambitious


" i am a student of history so i tend to actually be familiar with many of these episodes that have been mentioned. i am the first one to acknowledge that america s application to concern around human rights has not always been consistent. and
"is everyone else thinking what i m thinking? two words come to mind on this one: concealed carry a stroudsburg
 the clintons are back!’"
"since hillary s making a big announcement today we thought we d give everyone a chance to see the real hillary. this is a side of hillary that we ve all heard about
"update: robert barnes
"but wait wasn t the muslim brotherhood s arab spring (sharia law for all egyptians) supposed to be a good thing? an egyptian court sentenced mohamed badie
"where was the media coverage when this black thug shot a white police officer in the face? it clearly doesn t fit their narrative which explains why this horrific incident took place on march 27
 mohammed abdullah hassan was caught attempting to bomb us army base"
"yep that s correct. your hard earned tax dollars are helping to pay her salary just days before easter
"a 14-year-old boy suffered a gunshot wound to the leg wednesday (april 8) after a woman drove him and five other juveniles to a residence in kenner to continue a fight that had occurred earlier in the day
" if you have a system that rewards you for being a victim
you won t want to miss this 
"poor little al if he s not race baiting
"this is a story that will never make the news. a woman uses a car to intentionally hit another woman (this is the second time she s used her car as a weapon to hit another human being) but unfortunately
 “reverend” al sharpton calls for federal police force"
"be aware and be ready to push back on this effort by the state department and the united nations to spread  seed communities  (their term) all over the u.s. pretty soon we ll be covered up in refugees who are mostly (90%) muslim. we already have millions of illegals from central america that we cannot and should not support. we now know that small towns across america like athens
"dirty harry must ve jarred something in his head that makes him unaware that he s lying in public. he used to be pretty good at hiding it senate minority leader harry reid (d-nv) is changing the story about how he sustained those gruesome new year s day injuries that have left him blind in one eye.previously
"only one journalist has made it his mission to set the record straight about what really happened in ferguson
"this story just proves what we ve been saying all along. when it comes to unions
"huge news: the head coach of the university of michigan s football team just tweeted that the football team will watch  american sniper.  coach harbaugh made his remarks in defiance of the university and the muslim student association   who canceled an upcoming screening of the film. coach harbaugh said he is  proud to be an american and if that offends anybody   then so be it. to hell with a true story about one of the most important american military heroes of our time. sadly
"if i were u.s. district judge andrew hanen
"thanks to obama
" attacks against us are increasing in frequency
"this is just one we caught crossing the border. what about the thousands we haven t caught or that we haven t heard about? nothing to see here breitbart texas exclusively obtained leaked information on the iraqi man who was apprehended while illegally crossing the u.s.-mexico border into texas on february 12
"a customer at burger king is hoping to get a refund on her shake
"the moral decay continues the kapiolani medical center for women and children at the university of hawaii is currently recruiting pregnant girls and women to participate in second-trimester abortions to measure their bleeding during the operation
"evil hiding under the banner of  religion  in our own backyard a 32-year-old woman was harassed and intimidated last week when she tried to pick up her four children from the fundamentalist mormon sect she bravely left to escape an abusive husband.sabrina broadbent tetzner
" i was wondering if i could get a cake that says:  gay marriage is wrong.  the tolerant answers that follow this question show the astounding hypocrisy of the left.say that  bestiality is wrong  or  polygamy is wrong  and it s not considered hate speech
"if we didn t know better
" about 2
"our culture is what makes this nation great and very exceptional. unfortunately
"it s not for her to decide! we have the second amendment and that s enough for any american. delauro doesn t get to decide for us what s a gun that s ok to own. it might be a good idea to pick up the phone and voice your objection to this bill.gun owners would receive tax breaks for voluntarily turning in high-powered assault rifles under new legislation proposed monday.the support assault firearm elimination and education of our (safer) streets act expected to be reintroduced next week by rep. rosa delauro (d-conn.) would provide gun owners with an incentive to turn in their firearms to local police departments. assault weapons are not about hunting
"what an evil bunch of freaks! the agenda is so important to them that they can t see the forest for the trees. overpopulation is a problem in itself but connecting it to the scam that is global warming is just crazy. these people have such a twisted view of everything that it s really scary. i m 100% fed up! with the un climate freaks and their agenda.climate one founder greg dalton and the executive secretary of the united nations framework convention on climate change (unfcc) christiana figueres
"the gun grabbers are at it again pushing for more oversight and background checks for gun owners. the sheriff says it s  borderline treasonous  and will be a  nightmare  for law enforcement. he s refusing to enforce these efforts at gun control and we salute him for his stance! bravo!while oregon democrats stood with gabby giffords and the brady campaign to prevent gun violence to push expanded background checks on april 1
"insane! this really is the definition of insanity. letting  non-citizens  vote in our elections is something no other country would even consider ever! when you elect a socialist radical as mayor then i guess that s what you get new york city lawmakers and mayor bill de blasio are reportedly discussing legislation that would give voting rights to non-citizens in local elections. the guardian noted that under the legislation that is being discussed
"is anyone else 100% fed up?on friday
"socialism doesn t work but i guess venezuela didn t get the memo. no toilet paper? no food? yes
"patriots removed the the chinese flag between the american flag and the state flag at the capitol building in olympia
pretty funny stuff-make sure to watch to the end.
let s get real with some awesome truth from mark levin.is this guy not just the best ever truth teller! why can t we have more of him! patty and i can t get enough of levin and his ability to cut through the bs of the left.
"so a wannabe female bomber was a pre-school teacher by day in queens
"the michael brown and eric garner cases have opened up so many doors for opportunists looking for their 15 seconds of fame  as an added bonus
the congress is there to do what s best for the american people yet they re like deer in the headlights. listen to this former doj whistleblower who s been in the belly of the obama regime beast and knows the deal.
"corporate sponsors like coke should think again before hiring this potty mouthed anti-american hack singer for anything.rihanna performed  american oxygen  live for the first time at saturday s march madness music festival.if
"don t you just love an entitled irs lawyer who claims she can t be fired? what s even better is she was an ethics lawyer who really had no ethics at all. she was fired from the irs but just yesterday was disbarred.a lawyer who worked in the irs ethics office was disbarred thursday by the district of columbia court of appeals
"this is a sad commentary on a generation who has truly lost their moral compass. no self respect
 leader of group founded by mlk calls on blacks to take up arms"
 did he?”"
"the irony here isn t lost on us. hillary is being compared to the president she wanted to take down. nixon s got nothing on this criminal who wiped her server clean after e-mails were requested from her. john fund questions the democrat s strategy  to support a nixonian type candidate with more baggage than a samsonite factory she s secretive
"patrick henningsen and shawn helton 21st century wireonce again
"looking back on the 2016 presidential election
"it should also be said that the current us administration is merely finishing the job which started under three consecutive two-term presidents; bill clinton
"170619-n-aa175-092..san diego (june 19
 mcafee hacked
" dr can erimtan 21st century wiredid donald j. trump have any idea about the impact his words would have across the world?!? did he have any idea that the whole wide world
acr s boiler room presents a christmas poem twas the night before cnn s #fakenews christmas    by randy j.. help us to keep doing what we do   donate now to 21wire!support 21wire   subscribe & become a member @21wire.tv
"mark anderson  21st century wirethe greek philosopher plato was credited with saying
"this past week saw one of the most colorful debates regarding the cnn and us mainstream media meltdown over the russia-gate conspiracy.crosstalk says:  trust in the mainstream media is at an all-time low. but no one should be surprised and the media has itself to blame. this sad state of affairs is a self-inflicted wound and actually a conscious business model. the media no longer has an interest in reporting news   media today propagates ideology. host peter lavele is crosstalking with guests eric alterman (senior fellow at center for american progress)
"shawn helton 21st century wiresince late october
"21st century wire says more evidence of collusion has surfaced this week  just not the kind mainstream media has been incessantly reporting for months.zero hedge is reporting that glenn simpson
"deputy attorney general rod rosenstein appeared before the u.s. house of representatives judiciary committee on wednesday
"the us embassy in lebanon went on lock-down today after demonstrators gathered outside on sunday morning
 serial killers
 kushner was acting as foreign agent for tel aviv"
"cia appointed head mike pompeo is now ready to disregard basic press freedoms enshrined in the us constitution.as the press speculate this week over the imminent exit of mike pompeo from langley to foggy bottom
"after 18 months of rampant speculation over trump and  russian collusion  and alleged  russian hacking  in the 2016 election
" table set for thanksgiving in siem reap. (photo: andre vltchek)andre vltchek neoa table was set up for two
 swamp chess
"21st century wire says at tuesday s u.s. state department briefing
"21st century wire says facebook is rolling out its latest artificial intelligence bot with the hope that the software will save lives
"when it comes to interpreting current events
 ‘left’ goes bonkers"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says this has been an ongoing project of the search giant
sunday wire host patrick henningsen delivers another blow to the  resistance  exposing the shakespearean tragedy of the  russia hacking  hoax and explains why hillary rodham clinton might have very well been one of the worse presidential candidates in us history   as well as why it s wrong for us federal government to brand rt america as a  foreign agent.  enjoy the rant read more russia-gate news at: 21st century wire russia-gate filessupport 21wire  subscribe & become a member @ 21wire.tv
"nicolas j s davies consortium newsseventy-seven million people in north and south korea find themselves directly in the line of fire from the threat of a second korean war. the rest of the world is recoiling in horror from the scale of civilian casualties such a war would cause and the unthinkable prospect that either side might actually use nuclear weapons.since the first korean war killed at least 20 percent of north korea s population and left the country in ruins
 narco-memes & the league of shadows: boiler room ep #136"
 gunman tried to carry out death threats on cia linked air force base"
 dc swamp chess
the late libyan leader muammar gaddafi remarked before his death about what he believed was an overriding reason for the assassination of american president john f. kennedy in 1963. his conclusion as shocking as it was orphic. watch this video montage which recounts some of the key moments and evidentiary points in what remains one of the biggest unsolved political mysteries in modern history.. read more jfk news at: 21st century wire jfk filessupport 21wire  subscribe & become a member @ 21wire.tv
 androids
"shawn helton  21st century wireyears before allegedly carrying out a truck rampage on halloween
"21st century wire says it s no wonder that when the cnn news crew ventures out from beyond their cozy
"21st century wire says it s halloween   and hillary clinton is getting asked what she will wear for a halloween costume. there s plenty of scary to go around
"consortium news exclusive: the u.s. mainstream media finally has its  smoking gun  on russia-gate   incriminating information from a junior trump campaign adviser   but a closer look reveals serious problems with the  evidence
"21st century wire says when the news broke in 2013 that amazon.com founder and bilderberg member jeff bezos bought the washington post
"21st century wire says while the mainstream press can t wait to find out (or get illegally leaked grand jury details) about the next target of  russian collusion  investigator and special counsel robert mueller
 funk$oul and patrick henningsen live from iraq"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" twitter s pitch deck for rt?21st century wire says in what appears to be a coordinated attack on rt and sputnik
"21st century wire says the fbi recently released new documents regarding the bizarre and still forensically critiqued sandy hook elementary school shooting tragedy.  sandy hook    many questions still remain in this perplexing case.  (photo illustration 21wire s shawn helton)key point: it s important to remember that even though the events at sandy hook were said to have been carried out by a deranged lone gunman named adam lanza
"ever since isis appeared in iraq in 2014
"americans have lost the plot when it comes to evaluating the true nature of the  terrorist threat  (image source: wikicommons)by matt agoristan extensive survey of hundreds of adults across the united states has just revealed that the thing most americans fear more than anything else is their own government. in fact
 reigniting conspiracy suspicions"
"what this story shows is that while there are some conscientious journalists at the new york times who have made a concerted effort to discover the truth about president trump s somewhat outlandish claim that the cuban government have deployed sonic attacks against us diplomats in havana   the paper s editors also ran with the predictable mainstream conspiracy theory that putin might be behind this malicious high-tech assault on us foreign service officials.is there an internal struggle underway in mainstream media institutions   between those who want to retain their integrity
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"shawn helton  21st century wirewhen looking at the deeply entangled mystery surrounding the las vegas mass shooting
" antifa (photo: twitter)diana johnstone 21st century wire fascists are divided into two categories
"two protagonists: jesus campos
"this latest move by america s notorious transportation security authority (tsa) seems to be step one in a move towards a national id card
"our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21wire.how many of your favorite movies have been shaped and directed by the pentagon? since the 1970 s
" andre vltchek anti diplomaticothe following is an interview with andre vltchek by alessandro biancchi
"the world of personal digital devices is moving at a rapid rate and few cyber pundits are as well positioned to comment on all of these developments   as cyber security expert john mcafee. while attending an international tech conference in romania
"is the democratic party really the  party of the oppressed  and of  blacks and minorities ? critics have accused the democrat party has been accused of cynically cultivating a  dependence class  whose main function for the party is to bring home the minority vote every few years.were african-americans better
" long shadow: the wake of the recent mass tragedy in las vegas has overtaken various current events
"shawn helton 21st century wirefor the second time this week
 hollyweirdness & eminem the establishment rapper"
"shawn helton 21st century wirealthough many are still stunned in the aftermath of the route 91 festival tragedy   a series of  unanswered questions persist following what has been described by media as the deadliest mass shooting in modern us history. the motive for the las vegas mass shooting crime still remains unclear.  mandalay mayhem    there s been a host of unexplained anomalies in the mandalay bay resort and casino shooting massacre. (photo illustration 21wire s shawn helton)the imprint of mass tragedythe recent mass shooting involving the las vegas mandalay bay resort and casino
"taking the mickey: rt uk billboard campaign on london underground pokes fun at us-led russiagate campaign of hysteria.philip giraldi unz reviewsomehow everything keeps coming back around to russia. in one of its recent initiatives
"finian cunningham sputnikgoogle is the latest us internet company to claim it found  russia-linked  advertisements on its network   allegedly posted to influence the us presidential election last year.twitter and facebook have already made similar claims and all three are now facing more scrutiny in the coming weeks before congressional committees.what is truly astounding about this hysteria over alleged russian interference in us democracy is that american citizens are being distracted from what is
"21st century wire says in previous articles
"fresh off its humiliating six-year-long debacle in syria
 hesher & shawn helton"
"21st century wire says we ve been covering the anti-vaccine movement (and the science) for quite some time. the dangers of aluminum and the neurotoxicity of vaccines are well-documented. now
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 abetted ‘isis’ terrorist attack at ‘mohammed cartoon event’ in garland
"washington dc   this week the senate intelligence committee finally gave an update on its continuing investigation into whether russia actually had anything to do with the 2016 election. if anyone was expecting any actual evidence to be presented
"as 21wire said last year
 spore
"robert parry consortium newsmake no mistake about it: the united states has entered an era of a new mccarthyism that blames nearly every political problem on russia and has begun targeting american citizens who don t go along with this new cold war propaganda.a difference
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" what will the  new cold war  look like? (illustration by brad holland)william blum ichthe anti-russian/anti-soviet bias in the american media appears to have no limit. you would think that they would have enough self-awareness and enough journalistic integrity -  just enough -  to be concerned about their image. but it keeps on coming
"just look around the world and throughout recent history
"regarding the current north korea missile crisis
"this is a story about how once trusted mainstream media outlets like washington post and the new york times have used their vast platforms to distort reality and spread disinformation en masse   to both the american and global public. it s also a story about a new  excuse industry  which has sprung up to medicate hillary clinton s tragic defeat.the article below
"this week s documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21wire. the us has a highly developed pharmaceutical industry offering treatments for all kinds of mental disorders. millions of americans are being medicated for ailments as diverse as depression
 basil valentine"
"mark anderson truth houndchicago
"jay dyer 21st century wirein the famous treatise by miles copeland
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 rothschild
 “in a kind of neocon full monte”"
"21st century wire says after 12 months of perpetrating one of the greatest political hoaxes in history   blaming russia for the presidential victory of donald trump   the washington establishment is now wanting to take the lie to the next level by sanctioning not only russian international media outlets
"back in july
"bruno guigue 21st century wirepurveyor of platitudes
"has president trump handed over us foreign policy to an elite clique of military generals?rt says:  candidate donald trump ran on a campaign that not only questioned many foreign policy orthodoxies
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 randy j
"21st century wire says reframing the current diplomatic crisis in north korea is essential if genuine progress is to be made in diffusing the current tense situation.former us president jimmy carter is suggesting just that. but will the hawks in washington listen?. the carter centerthe harsh rhetoric from washington and pyongyang during recent months has exacerbated an already confrontational relationship between our countries
 come to ukraine’"
"patrick henningsen 21st century wirehere we go again. there seems to be no end to the escalation of tensions between north korea and the united states and its allies.yesterday
"our weekly documentary screening curated by the editorial team at 21wire.editor s note: although this is not an actual documentary film
"one of the ancillary benefits of donald trump s insurgence into the us political scene has been a forceful injection of realism into the national political discourse. one of those points of discussion is centered around the concept of a  state within a state
"21st century wire says after 7 years of systematic and pathological lying
 “let the truth be told”"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says some devastating news befell john sidney mccain iii  recently
 jerry springer style"
"jay dyer 21st century wirethis is an addendum to the 8 lectures last year on the monumental atlanticist apologetic tragedy and hope   based on quigley s other telling book
 north korea: trump’s “axis of evil” is bigger and better than the george bush version"
" by ramping up us troop levels in afghanistan
 accuse him of supporting ‘white supremacists’"
"21st century wire says with the ongoing hysteria constantly spouting from the american mainstream media about alleged  russian meddling  in the 2016 election which saw donald trump elected as president of the united states
"episode #199 of sunday wire show resumes on aug 20th
". the daily callerthe democratic party and mainstream media have become increasingly consumed with the narrative that donald trump s election win is largely influenced by russian hacking.the narrative is centered around two hacks the hack of a dnc server that led to the release of embarrassing emails during the democratic national convention
". by gilad atzmonearlier this week
 cnn accuses him of lying"
"21st century wire says in the wake of the charlottesville m l e
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 america’s liberal abortion agenda looks a lot like nazi eugenics"
". by gilad atzmonin my recent book being in time   a post political manifesto
"21st century wire says last friday
"the events in charlottesville have shaken the american political scene.21wire editor patrick henningsen speaks to sputnik radio about the tragic incident which took place this past weekend in charlottesville
"by neil clark for rtof course
"21st century wire says each week
 with one person dead"
 but what us is planning could be much worse"
 andy nowicki
"21st century wire says late last year
"21st century wire says speaking to reporters from his summer golf retreat in new jersey
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says clearly
"21st century wire says it s been confirmed that the fbi did conduct a predawn raid of the home of former trump campaign manager paul manafort
 what then?"
"21st century wire says nevada assemblywoman michele fiore reports for newsmax tv in las vegas
 google fires man who complained about firm’s repressive political culture"
"editor s note: we recognize the following eloquent rant posted on oliver stone s facebook page as being of high integrity and congenial to boot. america
"21st century wire says based on their own reports and public statements
"21st century wire says the war between the white house and cnn continued this week.during a recent white house press briefing for trump s new immigration restriction bill
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says for his role in helping to sow chaos in the us political system and for promulgating the official conspiracy theory that russia somehow  hacked  the us electoral process helping donald trump to win last november
 not regime change"
"thierry meyssan voltaire netit is a scandal without precedent.the white house secretary general
"21st century wire says it s no secret that the us mainstream media enforces a very tight party line when it comes to saying anything about israel. generally speaking
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says everything changed on 9/11. overnight
 russia
"earlier this week
 caitlyn jenner slighted"
 trump really abandoned ‘regime change’ in syria?"
"american liberal activists still struggling with the concept that a wax figure is not meant to be real.21st century wire says the progressive culture police are on the march again   this time to madame tussauds wax museum in new york city. the recent unveiling of the new beyonc wax statue sent activists into a frenzy when it was claimed that the celebrity pop singer was  too white.  america s unofficial cultural stasi slammed the museum for purportedly  whitewashing  the singers skin tone.the liberal outcry on social media prompted the museum to withdraw the statue temporarily to avoid any further uproar
"21st century wire says failing us magazine newsweek once again finds itself on the ropes.for the last year
"patrick henningsen 21st century wirethis week some devastating news befell john sidney mccain iii.on wednesday
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says you know that western society is approaching its final hour when animal rights activists start advocating individual animals to be able to sue humans in courts. that s exactly what has happened in the us.we can trace some of this line of thinking back to cass sunstein
 hires high-profile dc lawyer"
 retreat and surrender’"
"21st century wire says in 1983
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"patrick henningsen 21st century wiredespite repeated failures in litigating the  russian collusion  case
"21st century wire says this latest move by the us is being sold to unwitting british holiday makers and business travelers as a  solution to long immigration queues at us airports. under the new scheme
 send in the clowns"
"21st century wireyesterday
 are traditional shopping malls dead?"
 but not gone"
"sartre 21st century wirethe only conclusion any honest american citizen can come to is that the republic is dead. once again the flags wave and the songs play as the parades march to celebrate another 4th of july.picnic meals are eaten while children frolic in the warn sunshine of summer. few people reflect on the true meaning that established the solemn commemoration of the nation s birth. the reality of this post federation of independent state sovereignty is that a centralized federal behemoth has superseded the original intent of thomas jefferson s vision: that government is best which governs least .today the society that exists demands compliance or compels obedience by way of punishment.the empire that emerged after world war ii has established an amerika imperium. with the consistent dumbing down of the youth
"so once again
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 staff ‘sheltered in place’ amid backdrop of active shooter drills"
" 21st century wire says the real cause of the great upheavals which precede changes of civilisations
"21st century wire says back during the 2016 election
"21st century wire says cnn has reportedly refused to punish one of its senior producers john bonifield
"consortium news exclusive: the mainstream media is so hostile to challenges to its groupthinks that famed journalist seymour hersh had to take his take-down of president trump s april 6 attack on syria to germany
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says there is one curious thing the presidents of your country [us] change but the policy doesnt change
" 21st century wire says washington s muscle flexing seems to have taken on a life of its own as the shadow of us neocolonialism falls over much of the world with increasing intensity. in syria
"21st century wire says what this latest result proves is that the level of institutional criminality in washington dc is so deeply entrenched that american congressmen are not fit to govern   not even in a progressive democracy
" image: air defense and satellite tracking center in russia.21st century wire says as of june 19th
"andrew korybko global village spacethe us  deployment of the himars missile system to eastern syria is designed to deter the syrian arab army s dash for deir az-zor.many people were caught off guard when the russian defense ministry announced earlier this week that  the us has redeployed two high mobility artillery rocket systems from jordan to a us special operations forces base near the syrian town of al-tanf 
"21st century wire says yesterday a us f/a-18e super hornet is reported to have shot down a syrian army su-22 jet near the village of rasafah
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" us paratrooper on security duty during a mission to train iraqi forces (photo: us department of defense. source: wikicommons)21st century wire says in southeastern syria
"image: democratic party activist and gunman
 omran & technocratic tech"
 or liberal oligarchy?"
"21st century wire says last april
 aims to destroy arab unity"
 not victims"
"hollywood is having kittens over us president trump s recent snub of the paris climate agreement. especially upset are the elite cadre of multi-millionaire celebrities
 us senators"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"consortium news exclusive: in his mideast trip to saudi arabia and israel
" duterte takes clear lead in philippine elections. (photo: ibt)andrew korybko the duranmay 2016: as filipinos choose their next president on monday
 globalist scion
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 virginia"
"21st century wire says .from may day riots to designer technocracy  (photo illustration 21wire s shawn helton)21wire s shawn helton joins well-known talk radio host jack blood on the jack blood show
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"erdogan has very little to offer trump in syria. but the question should not be whether trump could even turn his back on the kurds in his fight against isis. it is more
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wireus president donald trump has accepted a recommendation to  dismiss  fbi director james comey. was this a reprisal for the suddenly widened russia-gate probe into the white house or was there something else at play within the operations of the deep state?comey was at the center of a political controversy over much of the last year during the us presidential election cycle in 2016
"21st century wire says if it wasn t enough with james comey doubling down on the russia-gate narrative
"21st century wire says it was a major scandal that broke out in 2009. academi
"21st century wire says f. william engdahl is a strategic risk consultant and lecturer
"21st century wire says investigative reporter robert parry broke many of the iran-contra stories for the associated press and newsweek in the 1980 s and has been a featured guest on patrick henningsen live at 1100kfnx.  in this report
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 the private sector does it for free"
"21st century wire says investigative reporter robert parry broke many of the iran-contra stories for the associated press and newsweek in the 1980s.as the mainstream media in the united states continues to double down on  russia-gate 
"21st century wire says the contrast in the numbers protesting is astounding.this past weekend
"randy johnson 21st century wiredigital technology has increasingly and exponentially become a part of our lives. virtual worlds and reality
"21st century wire says russia-gate was pushed by us media outlets everywhere   only to disappear after the highly questionable chemical attack in the idlib province of syria. the fact is
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 falling for ‘chemical weapons’ theatrics"
"21st century wire says are we already seeing the results of political ignorance?in the first episode of a new video interview series
"by the truth houndin the words of abc news  anchor david muir
"21st century wire says robert parry
"21st century wire says congresswoman and iraq war veteran tulsi gabbard continues to face down the mainstream propaganda machine with her based and skeptical opinion surrounding the war on syria
 two injured in school murder-suicide"
"21st century wire says us secretary of state rex tillerson tells us that the war on syria can only be solved through a  political process . wait
"21st century wire says out of all the intelligence agencies in the united states
"bill aukenthe day after us warships rained some 60 tomahawk missiles on a syrian government airbase
"21st century wire says not at all.yesterday s syria strikes have created quite a rift in president trump s support base
"little did we know at the time of this recording just how accurate our guest s comments would become.in last week s episode #179 of the sunday wire
"members can join co-hosts patrick henningsen and shawn helton for the full version of this episode of drive by wire  at 21wire.tv episode #6  here is part 1 of this special emergency installment of drive by wire with patrick henningsen and shawn helton. this is an urgent discussion on this week s alleged  chemical weapons  attack in idlib
 trump launches 59 cruise missiles
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" members can join host patrick henningsen and guest matt lee from inner city press for an unusual evening commute
"by jon rappoportcnn is already claiming the whole susan rice scandal is a tempest in a teapot
" patrick henningsen 21st century wireyemen is proving what should be clear by now: president trump may never make good on his bold campaign promise of less senseless wars overseas. watch as trump defers to the generals to double-down on a bad obama bet.this week
 drugs & the cia (1988)"
"this interview with wikileaks head julian assange might explain john mccain s recent angry outburst over the trump administration s announcement that  assad can stay  as leader in syria. syrianna analysis: on the german dw-tv channel
 decries trump for ‘letting assad stay’"
"21st century wire says the fbi released 27  never before seen  images chronicling the destructive pentagon attack on 9/11. while the fbi move appears to be an effort to be more transparent
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" this is the final episode of patrick live on independent talk 1100 kfnx and globally at alternate current radio this week: episode #19 this week we we wrap-up an amazing run on 1100 am kfnx   first hitting the headlines with al gore s hot air
" members can join co-hosts patrick henningsen and shawn helton from 21wire for the best morning commute show going
"21st century wire says can you say:  out of touch ?al gore may have finally proven that he has completely lost touch with reality after his recent comments in london during an interview.the former vice-president and professional alarmist extraordinaire said that climate change is a  principal  cause of the syrian conflict
"setting the stage of the press-president war.us ruling ideology and washington power have become unstuck as never before. a war of opposing certitudes and denunciations is waged day to day between the long-ruling us corporate media and the white house. both continuously proclaim ringing recriminations of the other s  fake news . over months they both portray each other as malevolent liars. prof. john mcmurtry global researchus bully pulpits are now beyond show disagreements and successful media inquisitions of the past. slanderous accusations long confined to vilifying the designated enemy have crept into accusations of the president himself.  the russians are coming  is returning as the final recourse of smear to stop deviations from the global program of hugely profitable enemy hate and perpetual preparations for foreign war.the ruling big lies of the us money party and corporate globalization have divided into opposing camps. the press and the president denounce each other non-stop on the public stage
"our weekly documentary film
 or america"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"lili bayer and larry cohler-esses haaretzsebastian gorka
"21st century wire says here s some intense debate.yesterday afternoon
" j.r. smith 21st century wirefor the last two months
"21st century wire says this is why nobody takes the mainstream media seriously.foreign policy has released a new article hyping up the dangers of mass surveillance
 it is.”"
" the trilateral commission is international and is intended to be the vehicle for multinational consolidation of the commercial and banking interests by seizing control of the political government of the united states. the trilateral commission represents a skillful
"21st century wire says this is a string of disturbing stories.over just the past week or so
"21st century wire says president trump is drifting further into neoconservative land
 liberal hypocrisy & humanity’s future"
"21st century wire says it was an awkward fit of nerves when donald met angela  during an interview in october 2015
"21st century wire says a laptop was reportedly stolen from a secret service agent s vehicle in brooklyn earlier today. the computer allegedly contained details surrounding the hillary clinton email probe
"21st century wire says earlier this week
000 more ground troops into syria"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"consortium news exclusive: the neocon royalty kagans are counting on democrats and liberals to be the foot soldiers in the new neocon campaign to push republicans and president trump into more  regime change  wars  robert perry consortium news the kagan family
"21st century wire says the fake news continues.today
"21st century wire says welcome to spaceship earth.this past week
"join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and globally at alternate current radio for the very best in news
"this was rachel maddow s geraldo rivera moment. on tuesday night the shrill msnbc host baited audiences with an extended monologue
"james hall 21st century wirethe obsession over sports
"21st century wire says legacy note to obama s ghost writer: barack hussein obama will go down in the record books as the greatest gun salesmen of all time. both obama and his attorney general eric holder embarked on one of the most aggressive
" he who controls the spice controls the universe.    frank herbert
 reality for sale & conspiracy theorist swag"
" the very people who for years talked about the problem of conspiracy theories have become the keenest spreaders of conspiracy theories. the people who spent the past few months banging on about the  post-truth  politics of brexit and trump have shown they don t have the first clue what truth is. the people who posed as champions of logic have revealed themselves as peddlers of paranoia  21st century wire says during last year s the election cycle
500 soldiers for ‘syria and iraq’"
 larry johnson
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and globally at alternate current radio for the very best in news
"niraj srivastava 21st century wireit is barely seven weeks since donald trump became the 45th president of the united states. perhaps too early to figure out the details of america s foreign policy during his presidency. however
"21st century wire says wikileaks founder julian assange has revealed at a press conference earlier today that wikileaks will give tech companies which suffered  billions of dollars of damage  when hacked by the cia  exclusive access  to its technical expertise.assange said the leaked information came from an isolated computer on the network at cia headquarters in virginia. he described the loss of the information as a  historic act of devastating incompetence. more on this report from rt  rtwikileaks will give tech companies which suffered  billions of dollars of damage  when hacked by the cia  exclusive access  to its technical expertise
" us army m1126 stryker armoured vehicles rolled into syria this week (source: twitter)21st century wire says yesterday reports emerged of a us heavy armoured convoy heeding through northern syria
 but they can!"
"21st century wire says just 24 hours after the release of  vault 7
"21st century wire says former nsa executive and whistleblower william binney confirmed that president donald j. trump is  absolutely right  to claim he was wiretapped and monitored. binney
"21st century wire says a small miracle   a rare moment of truth on the mainstream media. buried below all of the salacious and sensational headlines and faux russian intrigue in washington over the last week
"21st century wire says wikileaks has released its largest ever publication of confidential documents on the central intelligence agency. entitled  vault 7  and containing a password that echoed the alleged jfk quote  splinter the cia into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds
"21st century wire says facebook knows best?facebook has begun its rollout of the  disputed story  tag
"21st century wire says after president donald j. trump s previous visa suspension was blocked by federal courts
" photo illustration by patrick henningsen@21wire  nader talebzadeh   21st century wirethe american enlightenment has started.  the dormancy of over three decades
"21st century wire says president donald j. trump is leaving no stone unturned by asking the us congress to investigate the alleged abuse of executive powers by the obama administration as part of the investigation into alleged russian interference in the presidential election.the white house request was directed to  congressional intelligence committees  and asked them to  exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016. more on this report from russia today  rt   the white house has asked the us congress to investigate alleged abuse of executive power by the obama administration as part of the investigation into alleged russian interference in the presidential election.the white house request released on sunday was directed to  congressional intelligence committees  and required them to  exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016. #breaking trump is requesting congressional intel committees to determine whether the obama adm. abused its investigative powers in 2016 pic.twitter.com/6guqtxjspj  rag p soylu (@ragipsoylu) march 5
"21st century wire says yesterday
"21st century wire says trump supporters gathered at a rally in austin tx on a rainy march 4th to participate in the nationwide gathering of citizens in support of president trump
"21st century wire says partisan liberal hypocrisy strikes again.yesterday
" join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and globally at alternate current radio for the very best in news
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says is mcmaster going to reignite tensions with russia?in the follow video stuart j. hooper asks if we should be worried about general mcmaster replacing general flynn as trump s national security advisor.while flynn understood that russia has a sphere of influence in the world that the us should be wary of encroaching upon
"21st century wire says is this the biggest new nugget to be found in trump s joint address from last night?in the following video
"21st century wire says over the past month
"21st century wire says last night
" alex christoforou the duranit should come as no surprise that a film celebrating the white helmets scooped up an oscar for best short documentary. might as well hand the oscar to isis leader ab  bakr al-baghdadi.far from a humanitarian organisation
" in response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis
"21st century wire says according to the stockholm international peace research institute (sipri)
"  episode #174 of sunday wire show resumes this february 19
 2017"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at a special time tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says one of the biggest trends running through this election season has been the migration of elements formerly on the fringe of politics  into the center
 then you might be a terrorist"
" andrew korybko 21st century wire the global media is awash with analysis and speculation about the resignation of former national security advisor michael flynn
"21st century wire says defendants in the federal case against nevada rancher
"21st century wire says in this age of hyper-politicized mass media
 war propaganda
" 21st century wire says the scandal emerged after it was revealed that flynn had a conversation with a russian ambassador
"21st century wire says a request by native american tribes seeking to halt the construction of the final link in the highly politicized and controversial dakota access pipeline has been declined by a federal judge in washington dc.the tribes at standing rock and cheyenne river sioux were not successful in claiming that the project will prevent them from conducting religious ceremonies at oahe lake but district court judge james boasberg declined their request citing no imminent harm to the tribes  practices could be shown.as noted by rt and ap below
000 people"
"21st century wire says ben stein
"21st century wire says defense news said that sixty-two percent of the us navy s f-18s are grounded and out of service and attributed this to be
" in response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis
"21st century wire says the russian president
"21st century wire says the following interview is the first western media appearance by syrian president bashar al assad since donald trump took office in the us. in an exclusive interview with yahoo news at the president s office in damascus
" in response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at a special time tonight 5:30 pm pst | 7:30 pm cst | 8:30 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says today the 9th circuit court of appeals has ruled to uphold the halt on allowing enforcement of president trump s executive order banning travel from seven countries in the middle east. even as the mainstream media is touting it as a  win  for left wing activists and the democrats who have their heels dug in against  all things trump
 fake crisis’ with guest mark anderson"
"sputnik radio s new program trend storm is hosted by american geopolitical analyst and writer andrew korybko. this week
"  in response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis
 ‘obstruction by democrats!’"
" in response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis
 ‘do you think our country is so innocent?’ after pundit calls putin ‘a killer’"
"21st century wire says the legal battle is waging on over president trump s executive order protecting the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the us when on saturday the department of justice requested a lift of the stay placed on enforcement of the executive order. the federal appeal court denied the doj s request
 google
 sarah abed"
"21st century wire says on friday a us federal judge in seattle ordered a temporary nationwide block on u.s. president donald trump s 7 nation immigration ban. as expected
"21st century wire says president trump s executive order: protecting the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the us
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 ‘new settlements may not help peace in middle east’"
 and around the world"
 anti-trump immigration protests ‘sprung from nowhere’ at airports across america"
 sally yates"
"21st century wire says reactions around the world are mixed with regards to the first salvo of executive orders coming out of the trump white house
"21st century wire says  trump protests are getting out of hand
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21wire.the following is part 3 of a 5 part series which deals with the deep state the strategy of tension examines the history of false flag operations used for war
" members can join co-hosts patrick henningsen and shawn helton from 21wire for their brand new morning commute show  drive by wire  shown in full here at 21wire.tv a 45 minute extended stream of consciousness analysis of america s new president trump
"21st century wire says the leftist media machine and the washington post are going after president trump again. are josh rogin and the the post waging a media war against president trump?trump said last wednesday that he
"21st century wire says there is no greater source of so-called  fake news  than the corporate mainstream media
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
"21st century wire says tuesday
"21st century wire says why shouldn t borders be protected?  it is a fair question tucker is asking enrique morones
"liberals still don t get it. trump is the political anti-hero for the post pc era. original painting artwork courtesy of jason liosatos.david ernst the federalistif politics flows downwards from culture
" this week president donald trump followed through with his most audacious   building a wall along the us southern border with mexico.after his visit to the department of homeland security this afternoon
"21st century wire says everyone has the right to air their perceived grievances about anything
"21st century wire says more than 50 ngo  partners  of the women s march on washington were found to be tied to social movement financier george soros. while the dc gathering was billed as a grassroots movement for women s rights in america
 but by their accomplishments’"
"21st century wire says so much for caring about the environment and individual responsibility  protesters in dc who claim to be there protesting for  women s rights  (even though it seemed quite clearly to be a women against president trump protest) are taking criticism for leaving the city with tens of thousands of placards and signs laying about on the sidewalks
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21wire.the following is part 1 of a 5 part series which deals with the deep state shining a light on black operations: this 5-part documentary is a great expose on the national surveillance state that has arisen over the last 50-100 years. manipulating elections
" rt . president donald trump spoke at cia headquarters on his first stop as the newly inaugurated commander in chief telling the intelligence agency that despite media reports he is not at war with the intelligence community. the reason you re my first stop is as you know i have a running war with the media- they are among the most dishonest beings on earth
" mark anderson  american free presswashington
"today donald j. trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the united states of america. the new president gave a resounding speech that was a major break from tradition   clearly an anti-establishment and anti-washington speech
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
"21st century wire says in a tweet
"21st century wire says earlier this week the media lit up with reports of a political activist group that was advertising across the nation to pay protesters to come out and demonstrate against the inauguration of donald trump.it would come as no surprise to 21wire if there were cases of protestors being rallied and potentially compensated by george soros related foundations. it would easily fall under the heading of  professional activists  and it is very real. whether its the revolution business deployed for the arab spring
"21st century wire says arguably irrelevant hollywood personality
 he’s standing by.”"
"21st century wire says in yet another interesting end of term move
 but for how long?’"
"21st century wire says the investigation team at project veritas just released the first part in another hidden camera interview series which apparently documents their undercover journalist speaking with washington dc  anti-fascist  extreme leftist group who were conspiring to disrupt the trump inaugural ball known as the  deploraball  by using the hvac systems in the building to conduct a butric acid release. obviously
"21st century wire says the intelligence agencies of the us and the uk were chartered to serve the government and protect national security by gathering information
"21st century wire says trump claims that after suspicions that us intelligence services were leaking information from classified meetings he was having with them
"21st century wire says many mainstream news outlets have been abuzz about the headline going around saying that trump may  evict  the press corp from accessing the white house
"patrick henningsen 21st century wirewatching this week s senate cabinet confirmation hearings was one of the most uncomfortable sights i have ever witnessed in politics. one self aggrandizing us senator after another
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21wire.the following is part 2 of a 5 part series which deals with the deep state the iran-contra affair provides the public with their first glimpse of the secret national security state
"21st century wire says based on the events we have seen over the past two months   the democrat-organized street protests and calls to abolish the electoral college
" 21st century wire says during yesterday s cabinet confirmation hearing in washington dc
"21st century wire says this week an unverified 35-page document concerning president-elect donald trump s alleged ties to russia had been published by buzzfeed. the so-called dossier
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
 cia have lost the plot
" media meltdown: many now believe that amazon billionaire jeff bezos has transformed the washington post from a  paper of record  into the world s most expensive fake news blog.kalev leetaru  forbesthe washington post sparked a wave of fear when it ran the breathless headline  russian hackers penetrated u.s. electricity grid through a utility in vermont
"consortium news exclusive: despite mainstream media acceptance
" 21st century wire says now we can see part of the obama administration s end game in cooking-up the  russian election hack  hoax. after much hysteria
"21st century wire says we ve seen it over and over again in the mainstream media
"21st century wire says in the wake of the friday release of the odni s 25 page report from  us intelligence agencies  (notice how they don t even specify the agency names anymore in these reports) on the alleged russian hack of clinton campaign related dnc computers
 worked for security
"21st century wire says the washington post has been caught lying and deceiving the public twice in the last few weeks pushing the unfounded mainstream media meme that russia invaded the u.s. electric grid and another claiming that russia is behind the explosion of so-called  fake news. considering that the power grid story was proven to be a fake news story that washpost had to later retract  we have to consider the legitimacy of any further claims the outlet has against russia as particularly dubious.the intercept has some interesting analysis on how outlets such as washpost not only deceive the public
 cnn claims voices in his head ‘told him to join isis’"
"21st century wire says despite the mass media distraction of the improbably  active shooter  attack at fort lauderdale airport earlier this afternoon   today was  the big day
"in case you missed it
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
"21st century wire says donald trump s campaign  promise  to move the us embassy in tel aviv to jerusalem could trigger a series of events pushing the region back towards serious conflict. trump s appointment of right-wing jewish bankruptcy lawyer david friedman (image
" andrew malcolm mcclatchy news you better stop stealing money from your mother s purse
"peter certo other wordseven in an election year as shot through with conspiracy theories as this one
" james burgess oil priceprecious metals are an important component of every investor s portfolio
"what can we expect in 2017? inflated markets
"day in and day out
" dick eastman the truth houndwhen henry kissinger and david rockefeller met with zhou enlai in china in 1973 just after president richard nixon had visited china establishing official relations an understanding was reached whereby the u.s. would supply industrial capital and know-how to china.in return kissinger-connected corporations would gain the monopolistic advantage of low-cost labor production which could outcompete all u.s. domestic industry.the comparative advantage gained was being able to hire chinese laborers who were ready to work hard at exceedingly low cost with no drugs
"21st century wire says by cow-towing to students  over-sensitivity to free speech and seemingly a prenatal requirement for  safe spaces  on campus   academics and university administrators are unknowingly (or knowingly) constructing communitarian unintellectual institutions of tyranny on campuses across america. the end result of this progress  should be obvious to anyone who has studied 20th century history   it is anarchy. if students are allowed to get professors suspended or fired over spurious allegations of  offense caused
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
"21st century wire says in a recent interview former house speaker
" funny how secrets travel. i d start to believe
"21st century wire says in typical ndaa signing fashion
"21st century wire says while politicians and news media alike are accusing trump of pushing an  arms race  in his december 22nd tweet about strengthening america s nuclear capability
"this year
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
" here is the full episode #9 of this podcast   a special post-election holiday edition @21wire.tv this is a special 2 hour holiday transmission from 21wire broadcasting live on the alternate current radio network .it seems that partisan politics has finally broken us politics
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21wire the 1995 bombing of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city was an event that shook the united states domestic scene. up to that date
"21st century wire says back in august 2013
"21st century wire says fox news  sean hannity has broken away from the majority of western news reporters and has gone to wikileaks  julian assange to ask him directly
"21st century wire says it appears that putin has had enough with being accused of tampering with the us election process this year. the russian president s spokesman
" syrian army soldier holds up al nusra front (al qaeda in syria) flag in the umayyed mosque
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says facebook is partnering with snopes.com and other sites which have apparently been unofficially deemed the new ministries of truth to decide what is and what is not  fake news.  do we trust these agencies more than we trust the intelligence of 21wire facebook followers to discern
 dig-in and refuse to give up failed ‘assad must go’ foreign policy"
"21st century wire says president obama is once again appearing on  info-tainment  programming on comedy central but his appearance is clearly not to entertain or inform the viewer. in the final days of the president s time in office he is going on comedy shows to push the  russian hack  effect on the u.s. presidential election outcome. he does so without a shred of evidence nor a mention of the podesta emails
 russia
" 21st century wire says this latest episode of the democratic party s epic meltdown is perhaps the most embarrassing of them all. the ghosts of hillary s defeat continue to haunt the halls of washington and media headlines
"21st century wire says how seriously can we take a  secret cia assessment  that russian intervention in the u.s. presidential election played a role in the victory of president elect donald j. trump when it comes from an organization that has intervened extensively in so many countries  sovereign governments?the anti-media the daily sheepleaccording to a  secret cia assessment
 funding terrorists in syria"
"21st century wire says if anyone still thinks this whole  russian hacking  plot is not motivated by internal us politics   think again tyler durden zero hedgewhen the wapo posted last friday s story about a  secret  cia assessment that russian cyber attacks were aimed at helping republican president-elect donald trump win the 2016 election
"21st century wire says three weeks ago
"see more aleppo updates & exclusives herethis press conference is an excellent information tool for anyone who has serious questions about the true size and scope of the propaganda war being waged against syria by governments and media organizations in the us
"21st century wire says this week s documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21wire. by august 1945
"21st century wire says the mainstream media continues to deflect from its own collapse in credibility in the wake of hillary clinton s epic electoral meltdown by inventing a synthetic  fake news  crisis and scapegoating clinton s loss on bloggers and cheap eastern european hoax websites. in addition to mainstream media constantly pushing out actual fake news
 not from cnn"
"patrick henningsen 21st century wire as 21wire reported earlier this week
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says a red flag went up when we saw this story. we ll let you decide what you think this is brewster kahle (photo
"join patrick every week here at 21wire.tv for news
"21st century wire says here is a perfect example of a story where the mainstream media will treat the surface narrative   without identifying the real underlying scoop the reuters report below reveals how a recent police raid of a phony back alley  us embassy  in the african capital city of accra
"jack shepherd the independentdespite george lucas selling the rights to star wars to disney years ago
"21st century wire says if you re going to  drain the swamp  then the last thing you want to do is set a 500 lb crocodile loose into the marshes. throughout his campaign
 website to curate ‘favored’ news"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"shawn helton 21st century wirepresident-elect donald trump continues to fill key positions in the white house and in the process
 not ‘hacked’"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 5:00 pm pst | 7:00 pm cst | 8:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 as ‘tools for russian propaganda’"
"episode #162 of sunday wire show resumes this november 28
"21st century wire asks the sensational reporting by us corporate media has almost fallen off the edge of reality in this new divise
" washingtons blogeveryone s talking about  fake news   google trends shows that starting in late october   that phrase absolutely exploded in terms of internet searches:in the last month
"rtthe father of the cuban revolution remains unbeaten by his foes even in death. we look over the most dramatic assassination plots on el comandante   from character-assassinations by way of lsd
"one of the world s longest-serving and most iconic leaders
 while pushing neo-mccarthyism"
"deep inside the archetypal psyche of pepe the frog branko mali  21st century wirewhile richard spencer s half-joke of hailing donald trump with roman salute rose a lot of dust
"jay dyer 21st century wireif the trump phenomena showed anything
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" the person who received the most votes free from interference or tampering needs to be in the white house. it may well be donald j. trump
 tulsi gabbard offers potential for peace with syria
"this biggest failure of the mainstream media was their inability to police themselves. from partisan dishonesty to outright lies   they have destroyed their own credibility
" rtformer congressman ron paul revealed a list of  fake news  journalists he claims are responsible for  bogus wars  and lies about hillary clinton s chances of winning the election. journalists from cnn
" the times asserts that such censorship would be good for democracy   and it surely is true that hoaxes and baseless conspiracy theories are no help to democracy   but regulation of information in the manner that the times suggests has more than a whiff of orwellian totalitarianism to it.  robert parry  consortium newsin its lead editorial on sunday
" william mcgurn wall street journallet s get this straight. calling hillary clinton a  bigot  has reporters asking every republican in sight if donald trump has gone too far. but the clinton campaign releases a video saying mr. trump is the candidate of the ku klux klan
" charles hugh smith of two mindsso when the protected class of well-paid institutional  progressives  speak darkly of  reversing 40 years of social progress
 syria
"21st century wire says..with christmas season right around the corner
" robert parry consortium newsin the wake of donald trump s victory
 collapse of ‘white helmets’ narrative
"21st century wire says like cia director john brennan
"21st century wire says george soros has been described as a philanthropist
"jay dyer 21st century wireaccording to a recent feature article published by the la times
 your revolution is fake’"
"21st century wire says it s hard to not to draw a comparison between the brexit referendum and the stunning surprise victory of donald trump in the 2016 presidential election in america. many now argue that both were a repudiation on globalization.indeed
 hollywood and the wall street war chest"
"kirsten powers usa todayover the past 18 months
"21st century wire says while america s political left continue to march and occupy college campus spaces around the country
 how & why…"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says although he had some great ideas on the campaign trail
"21st century wire says after investing hundreds of millions of dollars into the failed campaign of democratic candidate hillary clinton
’ and ignored reports of attacks on trump supporters"
"21st century wire says since the late 1960 s
"21st century wire says in 2011
 obama speaks: americans need to ‘reconcile themselves’ with a trump presidency"
" episode #160 of sunday wire show resumes this november 13
 cry-ins
"21st century wire says organized efforts are underway by democratic party affiliated ngo s to try and somehow delegitimize the results of this week s us presidential election. on the eve of the us election before voters went to the polls
"21st century wire says in 2008 and 2012
"shawn helton 21st century wireanti-trump street protests linked to the soros  funded organization moveon.org have cascaded across the nation for the third day following the 2016 presidential election result.mainstream media outlets like cnn and msnbc have given the protests around-the-clock media coverage
"21st century wire says important: we are particularly worried about john bolton and rudolph giuliani holding major diplomatic positions   they are both damaged goods and relics of a failed neoconservative past which some republicans are acting nostalgic about. both bolton and giuliani have pressed for a pre-emptive strike on iran in the past
"21st century wire says 21wire has always pointed out that the marketing facade of barack obama as the  nobel peace prize  president is just that   a facade. the facts simply do not support the myth.  defense onethe obama administration has approved more than $278 billion in foreign arms sales in its eight years
"21st century wire says us college students continue to be emotionally traumatized and  threatened  by donald trump s surprise presidential victory this week
 jay z
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" 21st century wire says mexico s billionaire tycoon carlos slim saw a large chuck of his wealth evaporate   literally overnight
"21st century wire says author david icke talks about the us election shocker and what it says about the relationship between society and big government.in the end
"21st century wire says donald trump s victory has sparked flash mob protests on wednesday
"21st century wire says republican candidate donald j trump will be the 45th president of the united states.history has been made
" 21st century wire says according to reports from business insider
"establishment pundits were horrified when donald trump claimed that  the system is rigged
"21st century wire says another key swing state has gone to hillary. the feudal theocratic dictatorship who is funding and supporting isis and al qaeda terrorists groups groups globally   has chosen their candidate  according to one wikileaks email
" patrick henningsen 21st century wiretoday america will choose its next president. what can you say that hasn t already been said in this
 650
" bloombergin the hours after the president is elected
" 21st century wire says it s the big dirty secret that neither political party in the us wants to seriously discuss   because they both use these very systems to fix elections. how easy is it to rig an election with electronic voting machines? watch as princeton computer scientists ariel j. feldman
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film
 basil valentine"
" 21st century wire says amid great mainstream media and democratic party fanfare
 not russia
"21st century wire says today
"patrick henningsen 21st century wire hillary clinton is the architect of us foreign policy failures in libya and syria.   we ve heard that statement many times over the course of this us election cycle
’ donors funded isis"
" 21st century wire says yesterday
 the clintons & wall street"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"jay dyer 21st century wiresick of politics? well
"simon black sovereign manbelow is a short email that my friend sam posted this morning to his facebook page about his surprisingly positive experience with the us healthcare system.i thought it a fantastic read
" patrick henningsen 21st century wirethe longer this soap opera drags on
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says a tidal wave of revelations is pouring out of the clinton campaign as the 2016 presidential election draws to a close.   meltdown    the clinton campaign continues to unravel following a series of troubling details. (photo illustration 21wire)over the weekend
 backed by mitt romney’s wall street machine"
"21st century wireaccording to reports
"brasscheck tva lot of people are going to vote for donald trump in november. tens of millions of them. maybe enough to elect him president.if you don t understand why
"21st century wire asks . have your shout: which us oligarch family is more corrupt
 gov. kate brown upset by jury decision"
"21st century wire says 21wire reported on friday about the fbi s surprising announcement that it would be reopening the clinton email case due to new evidence of  classified information  found on sex cheat anthony weiner s (newly estranged husband of clinton chief aid huma abedin)  computer which was subject to a seperate investigation. will this really yield anything significant in the 10 days running-up to the nov 8th election
"21st century wire says in a stunning turn of events 11 days before the 2016 presidential election
"see also: on the qt:  us election: behind the curtain  (part 1)21st century wire says the democratic party and the hillary clinton campaign have chained themselves to the wild conspiracy theory that russia is behind the embarrassing wikileaks email dump and  the kremlin is trying to interfere with the us election process    even though their is zero evidence to prove that ridiculous claim.wikileaks has exposed what is arguably the biggest trove of political corruption in us history   but the majority pro-hillary media are simply ignoring these leaks in order to get behind the media s pre-chosen candidate.so why is the clinton political machine still panicking? are we due for another october surprise ?rt everyday that you publish is a day that you have the initiative in the conflict
"beta testing set to begin at transportation hubs in los angeles
" david kerans strategic cultureboth inside the us and around the world
"the t.i.n.a. doctrine    there is no alternative  brandon smith alt-marketwhen people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the  conspiracy  of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of  occam s razor    they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one.in fact
 tails you lose"
"prof michel chossudovsky global reaseachthe media has failed to address the confrontation between the u.s. state department and the joint chiefs of staff.the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff general joseph francis dunford (image
" by paul crag robertsa month ago i wrote a column 
 now investigating ddos hack on america"
" roving political analyst stuart j hooper drops in the see what was happening as bernie sanders hit the western college campuses on to campaign for hillary clinton.the following is an interview with an ex-bernie delegate who
" it s teetering on the ridiculous watching the us mainstream media get their knickers in a twist over donald trump s provocative comments during the last presidential debate about the possibility of election rigging
 based on lazy us twitter culture”"
 twitter
" 21st century wire says once again
"21st century wire says  the mainstream media have gone to great lengths to hide obfuscate the following story.during an interview with cbs news on march 7
 and lying about syria"
"21st century wire saysfollowing a wave of hidden camera sting operations captured by the investigative non-profit project veritas
"21st century wire says back in july
" 21st century wire says cnn s chris cuomo (image
"21st century wire says it seems that us anti-russian rhetoric has translated into action as new plans for nato to continue its march eastward have emerged.according to norwegian news sources
" by anthony brian logan . james o keefe of project veritas has released undercover
’ admits he’s gay"
" jay dyer 21st century wiredemonstrating where bad hermeneutics and theology lead
"21st century wire says we ve said it many times during the last two years here at 21wire and on the sunday wire radio show   that the present anti-russia hysteria being rolled out in the us and britain is simply a cheap facade to gin up a new arms race.  not small ticket items
"attention: episode #157 of sunday wire show is postponed until next sunday oct. 23
"21st century wire says this is a bit of an oddity as far as ted talks go investigative journalist trevor aaronson actually delivers a ted presentation which calls out the fbi for being the party responsible for creating the majority of so-called  domestic terror  and  islamic terror  busts in the us since 9/11.just this week
"21st century wire says the hillary clinton campaign has gone hell-for-leather on the white house s official conspiracy theory that russia is hacking into and  trying to influence  the current us presidential election
000 isis fighters walk free from mosul – to fight in syria"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"sartre 21st century wireevery day the world moves closer to a nuclear winter. the finger on the trigger presses upon the button and only a slight movement will launch unthinkable destruction.the point that it is so unthinkable yet so close to happening is caused by the overwhelming denial that americans have towards the real nature of international brinksmanship. the united state foreign policy for global dominance cannot be defended as a righteous imperative. those who naively believe that nato occupies the high moral ground are just as confused as the dupes that cheer the dough boys or the gi s in the previous two world wars.the difference in the coming end of days is not that the foolish deployments and menacing circumstances are not known
"21st century wire says the us department of justice (doj) is dropping all charges against an arms dealer whose weapons made it into the hands of radical libya militants.early this week a motion was filed by the doj to drop charges against an american arms dealer named marc turi
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 arrested for stealing spy malware"
 fbi – and secretly monitors customer email accounts for us gov’t"
"21st century wire says this was one of the most eagerly anticipated cyber  events ever
"shawn helton 21st century wirefollowing the invasion of iraq in 2003
 then blames moscow for separating ‘moderates’ from terrorists"
"brasscheck tvnearly 30 years ago
 power
"shawn helton  21st century wireearlier this week
"21st century wire says why are western media lying and producing a fictional narrative regarding the situation unfolding in aleppo
"21st century wire says ron paul told rt that the us shouldn t engage in  death struggle  over who controls aleppo.it s worth noting here that ron paul was correct back in aug. 2013
"21st century wire says one thing is certain about the war on syria: the propaganda war being waged by the west and all of its agencies
 surrender
" 21st century wire says while the us media follows the red herring of this legislative drama which is saudi arabia
"21st century wire says one glaring conclusion from last night s us presidential debate is that there is virtually no difference between either donald trump or hillary clinton s view on what the us should do in syria. both are advocating for more war   for more airstrikes in syria
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" photo: henry lowendorf21st century wire says in case you ve missed it
"21st century wire says if you haven t seen hillary clinton s bizarre and shrill performance the other night
"21st century wire says there have been a string of active shooter events prior to 2016 s first presidential debate this coming week   with many incidents appearing suspicious in nature. the guardian reports that the apparent motive still remains unclear: a 20-year-old suspect was in custody on sunday for the killing of five people during a deadly shooting at a mall in burlington
" 21st century wire asks currently throughout the western media exists a major public relations push to raise the profile of supposed  ngo  in syria known as the  white helmets  in advance of the upcoming nobel peace prize award on oct 7th in oslo
 vanessa beeley"
 leading to bigger questions"
" do roses know their thorns can hurt?    a quote attributed to jonben t ramsey from lawrence schiller s perfect murder
 syria and the scrotox imperative"
"21st century wire says despite proclamations by us official
 abdo haddad
"patrick henningsen  21st century wirewhat s up with the millennials? the clinton campaign may have felt a jolt after seeing the front page headline from this morning s wall street journal which read
"21st century wire says cnn s brian stelter hosts a show facetiously titled
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 or a staged exit?"
"21st century wire says us democratic party candidate hillary clinton is reported to have fainted during a major 9/11 memorial service in new york city this past sunday. she was promptly removed from the event by her campaign staff
"21st century wire says is donald trump the answer? is anyone the answer?here s an interesting conversation in new york city
" no one man can terrorize a whole nation unless we are all his accomplices.    edward r. murrowjohn w. whitehead huffington postwe ve walked a strange and harrowing road since september 11
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21wire.aside from the collapse of wtc building 7
 jay dyer
"21st century wire says one of the most elaborate crimes of the century continues to be whitewashed   smoke screen    photo illustration 21wire s shawn helton there are many doorways into the crimes of 9/11. after the attacks on the pentagon and world trade center
 kerry agree to fight al-nusra
 reviving conspiracy suspicions"
 2016"
 intervention"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 jfk airport panic & staged propaganda"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"listen to the first 30 min segment of this new fortnightly podcast
"21st century wire says here s a classic case of problem
" 21st century wire says the  privatization of space
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 still backing terrorists in syria"
"21st century wire says in the old days
 islamist extremism"
 stones & the media hammer"
"jay dyer 21st century wiresuicide squad is who they call to counsel the people leaving this vapid movie.  possibly the worst superhero film yet
 ghoufran derawan"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says the wagon wheels are already coming off of the nato-gcc  regime change  road show in syria.now
 mass shootings & media mind control: natural born killers (1994)"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says this is something which 21wire has been warning about for years
"jay dyer 21st century wirethe last star trek reboot saw benedict cumberbatch as kahn
 empty seats & white noise"
"21st century wire says these family members made the president s life miserable
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"jay dyer 21st century wirethe popular 80s pastiche series stranger things begins with a familiar scene of e.t. nostalgia
"21st century wire says the democratic party national convention hit full swing in philadelphia yesterday
" press association the guardianfilm director oliver stone has branded the popular gaming app pok mon go a  new level of invasion  of privacy that could lead to  totalitarianism .the american reportedly voiced concerns over the game as he promoted his new movie about nsa whistleblower edward snowden at comic-con international.after he was asked about security concerns associated with pok mon go
 central banks
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says another harbinger of the end of civilization as we once knew it. if you are considering downloading this app and getting into this new apocalyptic pastime
" patrick henningsen 21st century wirethis week another toxic revelation dripped from the chilcot report.according to top british sas officers
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 11 am pst | 2 pm est for this special saturday broadcast. join us for uncensored
"daily shooter 21st century wirethe dallas sniper production. what was it really about?dallas
 change agents & false left–right statecraft"
"jay dyer 21st century wireas the recent events (and subsequent incoherent media narratives) in dallas continue to unravel
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 11 am pst | 2 pm est this saturday july 9th. join us for uncensored
"daily shooter 21st century wirelast night
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says we re told that american independence day is a day for stars & stripes
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary screening curated by our editorial team at 21wire.note: although this film focuses a lot on the clinton and bush presidencies
"21st century wire says yesterday
"21st century wire says the business of defense.in order to sustain mammoth defense sector based in north america
"see also: 21wire calls out us media for hyping fake  active shooter  event at andrews basedaily shooter 21st century wirewashington dc area was put on high alert today following reports of an  active shooter  a joint base andrews in maryland
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
 twitter accounts"
" dady chery news junkie post let me tell you about the very rich. they are different from you and me.    f. scott fitzgeraldeducation is the latest public commons that is being turned into a commodity by a group of the world s arrivistes
"patrick henningsen 21st century wirehas political reality finally set in for the gop presumptive nominee donald trump?with only days before the republican party s national convention at quicken loans arena in cleveland
 survivor’s story challenged"
"21st century wire says trump has begun his war on hillary.today
"21st century wire says what a twisted world we have become.a female
 agents and casualty role players"
 act like babies"
 worked with dhs
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"see also: orlando  known wolf  watched by fbi
 2016"
"21st century wire says worth watching. the ed snowden cameo is class. the star wars libertarian special features senate filibusters
"21st century wire says now that the democratic party establishment has finally put all its cards on the table and declared hillary clinton their  presumptive  nominee for president
 donald trump or hillary clinton?"
"21st century wire says if there is no real terrorist threat
"21st century wire says this definitely needed to be said.host of popular internet news shows the young turks
"21st century wire says this latest stunt only goes to show what a complete rip-off the us healthcare industry truly is.this week
 creating a human-pig embryo"
"randy johnson 21st century wire  mirror mirror   am i still just a movie concept?  virtual  avatar  technology is in its infancy   as far as we know (image: actor sam worthington from the science fiction blockbuster film
"21st century wire says us defense secretary ash carter is the latest washington  defense  insider to suffer from that common american condition known as  strangelove syndrome. .  ash carter (above) alongside peter sellers as the enigmatic and satirical menace dr. strangelove.is this the new american mediocrity displaying its ignorance out of washington dc
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says is there any difference in us foreign policy between the two major parties? just how important is foreign policy in the minds of american voters come november?crosstalk: it is a truism american voters are far more interested in domestic issues during a presidential election. and this suits the foreign policy establishment just fine. since the cold war there has been a narrowing of foreign policy debate. does this explain why washington blunders from one fiasco to another?crosstalking with 21wire s patrick henningsen
"21st century wire says what is wrong with chris matthews?in the following clip from rt america s redacted tonight
" (photo: patrick henningsen 2016)news linethe white house was placed on lockdown when a suspicious package was thrown over a fence onto the north lawn a few minutes after barack obama had arrived
"episode #137 of sunday wire show resumes this sunday may 29
"21st century wire says but he can he accomplish his objective?in the following episode of crosstalk
 political correct hellhole & political puppetry"
"21st century wire says the military industrial complex has been a huge winner under obama.watch a video of this report here:the us is in control of over half of the world s arms industry
"21st century wire says every sunday
"21st century wire says this week s announcement by the cia that they somehow  lost  the infamous torture report has failed to impress its critics who are all but certain that the agency has destroyed
"21st century wire says it is not looking good for clinton.watch a video of this report here: trump now sits at 45%
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
 militaristic candidate we have seen in decades’"
"21st century wire says is this year s us election a story of the political elite establishment going to war with social justice?in the following episode of crosstalk
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"they took out saddam in two weeks
"21st century wire says censorship is running rampant on the world s largest social media website.watch a video of this report here:. former facebook workers have come out with shocking revelations that the social media giant is actively censoring conservative news topics and reports
" 21st century wireare black budget projects illegally swallowing up your taxes?the military industrial complex has eaten up billions
 calling for ‘never trump’"
"21st century wire asks have your shout: we ask our readers who they trust with foreign policy
21st century wire says  b acting: president obama and former house speaker john boehner getting their kicks making saturday night live videos on taxpayer time.host patrick henningsen opens episode #133 of the sunday wire with a skewering rant about last weekend s annual white house correspondents  dinner and takes a hard look at the decaying state of america s near non-existent  fourth estate  which has devolved into  team america  media.this is your brave new world [soundcloud url=   params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /] . listen to the sunday wire live & via the archive here
000 ads"
"21st century wire says a greater percentage of people are willing to vote to stop hillary than trump.watch a video of this report here:reuters has released a shocking poll along with an accurate description saying that
"21st century wire says how will trump and hillary s foreign policy differ if they are president of the united states?in the following episode of crosstalk experts debate how we might interpret the foreign policy direction that a clinton or trump administration might take.trump s foreign policy speech reads like that of a defensive realist
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
 #dropouthillary now trending"
"21st century wire says the fbi is walking a very fine line that crosses into the unacceptable.watch a video of this report here:the fbi has apparently arrested a man planning an attack on a miami-area synagogue with an explosive device.the suspect had allegedly planned to attack the aventura turnberry jewish center on friday evening.the plot
"21st century wire says this is the news that the elite political establishment did not want to hear.watch a video of this report here:a new poll by rasmussen reports has donald trump beating hillary clinton by two points in a head-to-head matchup.trump comes in at 41% with clinton trailing behind with 39%.15% of respondents would prefer some other candidate
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire asks will this be the beginning of the end for john mccain s re-election campaign?  busted     the police raid in phoenix that targeted a mccain fundraiser. (photo link scoopnest)earlier the week
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
 stop helping terrorists"
" art by dan lacey via etsy (see his work here)zen gardnerit s pitiful to watch the us election gyrations in the midst of this calculated societal breakdown. americans have historically had such guts and strength
" robert parry consortium newsif there were any doubts that hillary clinton favours a neo-conservative foreign policy
" eric zuesse off guardianeven for the post of u.s. president
"21st century wire says as 21wire reported yesterday
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says no doubt about it. in comparison to washington s other weapons trafficking exploits
"21st century wire says in so many respects
 but protect’ (and cover your laptop webcam with tape)"
"special report: savvy neocons see hillary clinton as their trojan horse to be pulled into the white house by democratic voters
"21st century wire says not quite a mea culpa
"21st century wire says this is the latest installment of our new weekly sunday screening feature
"21st century wire says is washington preparing to carpet bomb raqqa? if so
"wall street on paradeat the democratic debate at drake university in des moines
"21st century wire says we ve heard a lot of not so nice things about microsoft s latest spawn of ms dos. aside from the built-in trojan horse back door access uncovered earlier
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"gary kamiya sf chronicleon an elegant dead-end block on the north side of telegraph hill is 225 chestnut st.
"sam levin the guardianon 23 january
"21st century wire says after the great crash of 2008
" abc news photodaniel lazare consortium newswhy are islamic militants wreaking havoc from brussels to lahore? the best way to answer this question is by taking a close look at how the new york times covered this weekend s liberation of palmyra from abu bakr al-baghdadi s islamic state.the article
"roar magi want to give testimony on what are called the  highways of death. these are the two kuwaiti roadways
 donald & bernie show"
 protesters in washington – no outrage from white house"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says just because it happened in the 1960s doesn t mean it can t happen today.for example
"21st century wire says back to square one. quietly
"21st century wire says does hollywood do anything other than comic book remakes any more? the latest over-budget chimera
"microsoft pulls robot after posted tweets like  hitler was right i hate the jews  haaretzmicrosoft put the brakes on its artificial intelligence tweeting robot after it posted several offensive comments
"21st century wire says the following video presented by us-based activist dahlia wasfi was posted in 2012 but it remains extremely relevant today when one considers the current trajectory of instability in the the middle east.watch  bibi: knows the us congress is bought and paid for. jewish institute for national security affairs (jinsa) dvisory board includes such notable figures as michael ledeen
"21st century wire says as political smoke screens go
 yemen
"21st century wire says ok. as political endorsements go
"by james perloffmy friend rachael mcintosh was an alternate delegate at the 2012 republican convention in tampa
"21st century wire says at some point
" usa todayhavana  the wheels of air force one touched down at jose marti international airport for the first time ever at 4:19 p.m. sunday
"21st century wire says the silicon valley s technotronic oligarchy has been exposed as a mere extension of the cia in terms of playing a role in washington s state policy of regime change in syria.this latest email release reveals how then us secretary of state
" david sherfinski washington timesformer texas rep. ron paul said friday he couldn t support gop presidential front-runner donald trump if mr. trump wins the party s nomination
" appear weak when you are strong
"21st century wire says..we ll believe it  when
 feds’ shell casings ‘have gone missing’"
 patrick henningsen & mike robinson"
"patrick henningsen 21st century wireany business expert will tell you that marketing is not an exact science. the same is true in politics
 will it happen in ohio?"
"21st century wire says regarding the latest  trump outrage 
"shawn helton   21st century wiregop presidential frontrunner donald trump is a populist candidate among a bevy of warhawk rivals  yet many still wonder how the real estate mogul has marched virtually unabated towards the 2016 republican nomination.undoubtedly
"21st century wire says after last friday night s clash between democratic party students and republican trump supporters in chicago
"episode #126 of sunday wire show resumes this sunday march 13
"jamie ross courthouse news servicephoenix   two towns on the arizona-utah border dominated by members of a fundamentalist mormon sect discriminated against residents who are not members of the church
" 21st century wire asks have your shout: friday night in chicago saw an unprecedented incident   where flash mobs from an opposing political party were successful in shutting down a presidential political rally. we ask our readers if protesters should be allowed to shut down political rallies.vote
"21st century wire says the 2016 election has been one of many firsts. last night saw an unprecedented incident   where flash mobs from an opposing political party were successful in shutting down a presidential political rally.up to this point
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says science fiction is now science fact.watch a video of this report here: darpa s program director for the project says the implant is seeking to open the channel between the human brain and modern electronics. a statement from darpa said it will enable  data-transfer bandwidth between the human brain and the digital world
 the secret government won’t change.’"
 cover-up by fbi and osp in shooting of lavoy finicum – doj opens new investigation"
 sanders win big in michigan – trump
 helping real terrorists"
"21st century wire says did mitt romney just make an incredible mistake?fox news contributor judge jeanine pirro has unleashed a scathing attack on mitt romney after his recent moves to try and put a halt to donald trump s presidential run: there s an insurrection coming
"21st century wire says for years
 and accurate’ in syria"
"jay dyer 21st century wirejamie hanshaw
"21st century wire says could this be the real reason why trump is so despised by the elite republican establishment?watch a video of this report here:  trump had this to say: wouldn t it be nice if actually we could get along with russia
"shawn helton 21st century wirethis week a house judiciary committee began overseeing details of a us federal court case between tech company apple and the fbi.on february 16th
 threatens ‘unilateral operations in syria’"
 witchery
" truthstream mediaout of 88 potential horrors this batch of 1
" 21st century wire asks have your shout: apple ceo tim cook publicly rejected an unprecedented us federal court order that would force the company to decrypt an iphone linked to one of the san bernardino shooters   a move that would have vast implications.vote
 ttip
"patrick henningsen 21st century wireas baron rothschild famously said back in the late 18th century
"shawn helton   21st century wirewith the united states in the heat of the 2016 presidential election cycle
"randy johnson 21st century wirethe future is coming and technology is coming with it.  are we adapting to the future or holding on to  the old ways ?  is a future of technology with circuit boards
 trump gatecrash & cynical ploys"
"21st century wire says this latest diplomatic development certainly appears positive on its surface
" 21st century wire says one tv personality trumps another tv personality.while gop front runner donald trump was on his way to another resounding win
" inversewikileaks released tonight a new cache of documents
 or will he tank?"
"shawn helton 21st century wireearlier this week apple ceo tim cook publicly rejected an unprecedented us federal court order that would force the company to decrypt an iphone linked to one of the san bernardino shooters   a move that would have vast implications  privacy & protection: apple ceo tim cook challenges fbi court order to unlock private data of users (image source: iphoneitalia)breaching public privacy in a published open letter entitled
 dug
"21st century wire asks what really happened in the death of supreme court justice antonin scalia?with the united states deep in the throes of the 2016 presidential primaries
"21st century wire asks the tragic death of kurt cobain has mystified the public for more than two decades and over that time
 says snowden"
"patrick henningsen 21st century wirecliven bundy
 or osmosis
 cheat and forge police reports? answer: yes."
"21st century wire says unless you have been living under a rock for the last 20 years
"21st century wire says iowa s democratic party primary was one of the closest races in history   reported by the media as being decided by only .3% of the vote
"21st century wire says most people accept that a certain amount of political campaigning is staged
"21st century wire says as republican
 exclamation
"21st century wire says the cia is trying its best to avoid oversight and accountability.watch a video of this report here: an anonymous ex-cia officer explains: the classic use of an eyewash is if you have a garden-variety source and all of a sudden he gains access to truly sensitive information
"21st century wire says if you ve been following the events outside of burns
"episode #120 of sunday wire show finally resumes this sunday jan. 24
"21st century wire says..update 1-29-2016 at 01:30pm et: due to public pressure and intense speculation about the events of tuesday brought on by a youtube recording of the testimony of key eyewitness victoria sharp
" patrick henningsen 21st century wirethere exists a famous quote often attributed to 1918 us senator hiram warren johnson
" killed: rancher and protest spokesman robert  lavoy  finicum (image source: rt international)21st century wire says new eye witness testimony indicates that the fbi and other federal agencies were never fired upon
 cuddle parties
 100 shots fired at passengers
"episode #119 of sunday wire show finally resumes this sunday jan. 24
"21st century wire says various parties in washington are quietly laying down the rhetorical tarmac for an increased us military operation in syria.recent remarks by us secretary of defense ash carter (see report below) in davos appear to dovetail with similar words yesterday from us vice president joe biden who stated
"21st century wire says for those who still refuse to entertain any michael hastings  boston breaks  conspiracy theories
"21st century wire says so far
"21st century wire says if you ve been following the protest and federal standoff outside of burns
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
 loses custody of foster children"
"21st century wire says this week
" by dady chery and gilbert mercierall writers with a desire to rattle people out of their torpor occasionally wonder if it is worthwhile to continue to try to raise their voices over the din of lies and distractions.more and more for us
"vic bishop waking timesour reality is carefully constructed by powerful corporate
"paul craig robertsin the last years of the 20th century fraud entered us foreign policy in a new way.  on false pretenses washington dismantled yugoslavia and serbia in order to advance an undeclared agenda. in the 21st century this fraud multiplied many times. afghanistan
"robert fantina counterpunchalthough the united states is still ten months from its next exercise in electoral futility
"21st century wire says as 21wire reported earlier this week
 $0 for users"
"patrick henningsen  21st century wireremember when the obama administration told the world how it hoped to identify 5
"21st century wire says al jazeera america will go down in history as one of the biggest failures in broadcast media history.ever since the us and its allies began plotting to overthrow libya and syria
"21st century wire says as 21wire predicted in its new year s look ahead
"21st century wire says all the world s a stage
 oregon"
 no retreat
"21st century wire says a new front has just opened up in the long battle between america s small farmers and the us federal government. double jeopardy: ranching family members dwight hammond (left) and his son steven hammond were sentenced twice for the same crime by federal officials.late last week
"21st century wire says it s not that far away. guess who wants to run for president in 2020?just before the new year bell rung
"patrick henningsen and shawn helton 21st century wireonce again
"looking back on the 2016 presidential election
"it should also be said that the current us administration is merely finishing the job which started under three consecutive two-term presidents; bill clinton
"170619-n-aa175-092..san diego (june 19
 mcafee hacked
" dr can erimtan 21st century wiredid donald j. trump have any idea about the impact his words would have across the world?!? did he have any idea that the whole wide world
acr s boiler room presents a christmas poem twas the night before cnn s #fakenews christmas    by randy j.. help us to keep doing what we do   donate now to 21wire!support 21wire   subscribe & become a member @21wire.tv
"mark anderson  21st century wirethe greek philosopher plato was credited with saying
"this past week saw one of the most colorful debates regarding the cnn and us mainstream media meltdown over the russia-gate conspiracy.crosstalk says:  trust in the mainstream media is at an all-time low. but no one should be surprised and the media has itself to blame. this sad state of affairs is a self-inflicted wound and actually a conscious business model. the media no longer has an interest in reporting news   media today propagates ideology. host peter lavele is crosstalking with guests eric alterman (senior fellow at center for american progress)
"shawn helton 21st century wiresince late october
"21st century wire says more evidence of collusion has surfaced this week  just not the kind mainstream media has been incessantly reporting for months.zero hedge is reporting that glenn simpson
"deputy attorney general rod rosenstein appeared before the u.s. house of representatives judiciary committee on wednesday
"the us embassy in lebanon went on lock-down today after demonstrators gathered outside on sunday morning
 serial killers
 kushner was acting as foreign agent for tel aviv"
"cia appointed head mike pompeo is now ready to disregard basic press freedoms enshrined in the us constitution.as the press speculate this week over the imminent exit of mike pompeo from langley to foggy bottom
"after 18 months of rampant speculation over trump and  russian collusion  and alleged  russian hacking  in the 2016 election
" table set for thanksgiving in siem reap. (photo: andre vltchek)andre vltchek neoa table was set up for two
 swamp chess
"21st century wire says at tuesday s u.s. state department briefing
"21st century wire says facebook is rolling out its latest artificial intelligence bot with the hope that the software will save lives
"when it comes to interpreting current events
 ‘left’ goes bonkers"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says this has been an ongoing project of the search giant
sunday wire host patrick henningsen delivers another blow to the  resistance  exposing the shakespearean tragedy of the  russia hacking  hoax and explains why hillary rodham clinton might have very well been one of the worse presidential candidates in us history   as well as why it s wrong for us federal government to brand rt america as a  foreign agent.  enjoy the rant read more russia-gate news at: 21st century wire russia-gate filessupport 21wire  subscribe & become a member @ 21wire.tv
"nicolas j s davies consortium newsseventy-seven million people in north and south korea find themselves directly in the line of fire from the threat of a second korean war. the rest of the world is recoiling in horror from the scale of civilian casualties such a war would cause and the unthinkable prospect that either side might actually use nuclear weapons.since the first korean war killed at least 20 percent of north korea s population and left the country in ruins
 narco-memes & the league of shadows: boiler room ep #136"
 gunman tried to carry out death threats on cia linked air force base"
 dc swamp chess
the late libyan leader muammar gaddafi remarked before his death about what he believed was an overriding reason for the assassination of american president john f. kennedy in 1963. his conclusion as shocking as it was orphic. watch this video montage which recounts some of the key moments and evidentiary points in what remains one of the biggest unsolved political mysteries in modern history.. read more jfk news at: 21st century wire jfk filessupport 21wire  subscribe & become a member @ 21wire.tv
 androids
"shawn helton  21st century wireyears before allegedly carrying out a truck rampage on halloween
"21st century wire says it s no wonder that when the cnn news crew ventures out from beyond their cozy
"21st century wire says it s halloween   and hillary clinton is getting asked what she will wear for a halloween costume. there s plenty of scary to go around
"consortium news exclusive: the u.s. mainstream media finally has its  smoking gun  on russia-gate   incriminating information from a junior trump campaign adviser   but a closer look reveals serious problems with the  evidence
"21st century wire says when the news broke in 2013 that amazon.com founder and bilderberg member jeff bezos bought the washington post
"21st century wire says while the mainstream press can t wait to find out (or get illegally leaked grand jury details) about the next target of  russian collusion  investigator and special counsel robert mueller
 funk$oul and patrick henningsen live from iraq"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" twitter s pitch deck for rt?21st century wire says in what appears to be a coordinated attack on rt and sputnik
"21st century wire says the fbi recently released new documents regarding the bizarre and still forensically critiqued sandy hook elementary school shooting tragedy.  sandy hook    many questions still remain in this perplexing case.  (photo illustration 21wire s shawn helton)key point: it s important to remember that even though the events at sandy hook were said to have been carried out by a deranged lone gunman named adam lanza
"ever since isis appeared in iraq in 2014
"americans have lost the plot when it comes to evaluating the true nature of the  terrorist threat  (image source: wikicommons)by matt agoristan extensive survey of hundreds of adults across the united states has just revealed that the thing most americans fear more than anything else is their own government. in fact
 reigniting conspiracy suspicions"
"what this story shows is that while there are some conscientious journalists at the new york times who have made a concerted effort to discover the truth about president trump s somewhat outlandish claim that the cuban government have deployed sonic attacks against us diplomats in havana   the paper s editors also ran with the predictable mainstream conspiracy theory that putin might be behind this malicious high-tech assault on us foreign service officials.is there an internal struggle underway in mainstream media institutions   between those who want to retain their integrity
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"shawn helton  21st century wirewhen looking at the deeply entangled mystery surrounding the las vegas mass shooting
" antifa (photo: twitter)diana johnstone 21st century wire fascists are divided into two categories
"two protagonists: jesus campos
"this latest move by america s notorious transportation security authority (tsa) seems to be step one in a move towards a national id card
"our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21wire.how many of your favorite movies have been shaped and directed by the pentagon? since the 1970 s
" andre vltchek anti diplomaticothe following is an interview with andre vltchek by alessandro biancchi
"the world of personal digital devices is moving at a rapid rate and few cyber pundits are as well positioned to comment on all of these developments   as cyber security expert john mcafee. while attending an international tech conference in romania
"is the democratic party really the  party of the oppressed  and of  blacks and minorities ? critics have accused the democrat party has been accused of cynically cultivating a  dependence class  whose main function for the party is to bring home the minority vote every few years.were african-americans better
" long shadow: the wake of the recent mass tragedy in las vegas has overtaken various current events
"shawn helton 21st century wirefor the second time this week
 hollyweirdness & eminem the establishment rapper"
"shawn helton 21st century wirealthough many are still stunned in the aftermath of the route 91 festival tragedy   a series of  unanswered questions persist following what has been described by media as the deadliest mass shooting in modern us history. the motive for the las vegas mass shooting crime still remains unclear.  mandalay mayhem    there s been a host of unexplained anomalies in the mandalay bay resort and casino shooting massacre. (photo illustration 21wire s shawn helton)the imprint of mass tragedythe recent mass shooting involving the las vegas mandalay bay resort and casino
"taking the mickey: rt uk billboard campaign on london underground pokes fun at us-led russiagate campaign of hysteria.philip giraldi unz reviewsomehow everything keeps coming back around to russia. in one of its recent initiatives
"finian cunningham sputnikgoogle is the latest us internet company to claim it found  russia-linked  advertisements on its network   allegedly posted to influence the us presidential election last year.twitter and facebook have already made similar claims and all three are now facing more scrutiny in the coming weeks before congressional committees.what is truly astounding about this hysteria over alleged russian interference in us democracy is that american citizens are being distracted from what is
"21st century wire says in previous articles
"fresh off its humiliating six-year-long debacle in syria
 hesher & shawn helton"
"21st century wire says we ve been covering the anti-vaccine movement (and the science) for quite some time. the dangers of aluminum and the neurotoxicity of vaccines are well-documented. now
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 abetted ‘isis’ terrorist attack at ‘mohammed cartoon event’ in garland
"washington dc   this week the senate intelligence committee finally gave an update on its continuing investigation into whether russia actually had anything to do with the 2016 election. if anyone was expecting any actual evidence to be presented
"as 21wire said last year
 spore
"robert parry consortium newsmake no mistake about it: the united states has entered an era of a new mccarthyism that blames nearly every political problem on russia and has begun targeting american citizens who don t go along with this new cold war propaganda.a difference
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" what will the  new cold war  look like? (illustration by brad holland)william blum ichthe anti-russian/anti-soviet bias in the american media appears to have no limit. you would think that they would have enough self-awareness and enough journalistic integrity -  just enough -  to be concerned about their image. but it keeps on coming
"just look around the world and throughout recent history
"regarding the current north korea missile crisis
"this is a story about how once trusted mainstream media outlets like washington post and the new york times have used their vast platforms to distort reality and spread disinformation en masse   to both the american and global public. it s also a story about a new  excuse industry  which has sprung up to medicate hillary clinton s tragic defeat.the article below
"this week s documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21wire. the us has a highly developed pharmaceutical industry offering treatments for all kinds of mental disorders. millions of americans are being medicated for ailments as diverse as depression
 basil valentine"
"mark anderson truth houndchicago
"jay dyer 21st century wirein the famous treatise by miles copeland
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 rothschild
 “in a kind of neocon full monte”"
"21st century wire says after 12 months of perpetrating one of the greatest political hoaxes in history   blaming russia for the presidential victory of donald trump   the washington establishment is now wanting to take the lie to the next level by sanctioning not only russian international media outlets
"back in july
"bruno guigue 21st century wirepurveyor of platitudes
"has president trump handed over us foreign policy to an elite clique of military generals?rt says:  candidate donald trump ran on a campaign that not only questioned many foreign policy orthodoxies
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 randy j
"21st century wire says reframing the current diplomatic crisis in north korea is essential if genuine progress is to be made in diffusing the current tense situation.former us president jimmy carter is suggesting just that. but will the hawks in washington listen?. the carter centerthe harsh rhetoric from washington and pyongyang during recent months has exacerbated an already confrontational relationship between our countries
 come to ukraine’"
"patrick henningsen 21st century wirehere we go again. there seems to be no end to the escalation of tensions between north korea and the united states and its allies.yesterday
"our weekly documentary screening curated by the editorial team at 21wire.editor s note: although this is not an actual documentary film
"one of the ancillary benefits of donald trump s insurgence into the us political scene has been a forceful injection of realism into the national political discourse. one of those points of discussion is centered around the concept of a  state within a state
"21st century wire says after 7 years of systematic and pathological lying
 “let the truth be told”"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says some devastating news befell john sidney mccain iii  recently
 jerry springer style"
"jay dyer 21st century wirethis is an addendum to the 8 lectures last year on the monumental atlanticist apologetic tragedy and hope   based on quigley s other telling book
 north korea: trump’s “axis of evil” is bigger and better than the george bush version"
" by ramping up us troop levels in afghanistan
 accuse him of supporting ‘white supremacists’"
"21st century wire says with the ongoing hysteria constantly spouting from the american mainstream media about alleged  russian meddling  in the 2016 election which saw donald trump elected as president of the united states
"episode #199 of sunday wire show resumes on aug 20th
". the daily callerthe democratic party and mainstream media have become increasingly consumed with the narrative that donald trump s election win is largely influenced by russian hacking.the narrative is centered around two hacks the hack of a dnc server that led to the release of embarrassing emails during the democratic national convention
". by gilad atzmonearlier this week
 cnn accuses him of lying"
"21st century wire says in the wake of the charlottesville m l e
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 america’s liberal abortion agenda looks a lot like nazi eugenics"
". by gilad atzmonin my recent book being in time   a post political manifesto
"21st century wire says last friday
"the events in charlottesville have shaken the american political scene.21wire editor patrick henningsen speaks to sputnik radio about the tragic incident which took place this past weekend in charlottesville
"by neil clark for rtof course
"21st century wire says each week
 with one person dead"
 but what us is planning could be much worse"
 andy nowicki
"21st century wire says late last year
"21st century wire says speaking to reporters from his summer golf retreat in new jersey
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says clearly
"21st century wire says it s been confirmed that the fbi did conduct a predawn raid of the home of former trump campaign manager paul manafort
 what then?"
"21st century wire says nevada assemblywoman michele fiore reports for newsmax tv in las vegas
 google fires man who complained about firm’s repressive political culture"
"editor s note: we recognize the following eloquent rant posted on oliver stone s facebook page as being of high integrity and congenial to boot. america
"21st century wire says based on their own reports and public statements
"21st century wire says the war between the white house and cnn continued this week.during a recent white house press briefing for trump s new immigration restriction bill
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says for his role in helping to sow chaos in the us political system and for promulgating the official conspiracy theory that russia somehow  hacked  the us electoral process helping donald trump to win last november
 not regime change"
"thierry meyssan voltaire netit is a scandal without precedent.the white house secretary general
"21st century wire says it s no secret that the us mainstream media enforces a very tight party line when it comes to saying anything about israel. generally speaking
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says everything changed on 9/11. overnight
 russia
"earlier this week
 caitlyn jenner slighted"
 trump really abandoned ‘regime change’ in syria?"
"american liberal activists still struggling with the concept that a wax figure is not meant to be real.21st century wire says the progressive culture police are on the march again   this time to madame tussauds wax museum in new york city. the recent unveiling of the new beyonc wax statue sent activists into a frenzy when it was claimed that the celebrity pop singer was  too white.  america s unofficial cultural stasi slammed the museum for purportedly  whitewashing  the singers skin tone.the liberal outcry on social media prompted the museum to withdraw the statue temporarily to avoid any further uproar
"21st century wire says failing us magazine newsweek once again finds itself on the ropes.for the last year
"patrick henningsen 21st century wirethis week some devastating news befell john sidney mccain iii.on wednesday
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says you know that western society is approaching its final hour when animal rights activists start advocating individual animals to be able to sue humans in courts. that s exactly what has happened in the us.we can trace some of this line of thinking back to cass sunstein
 hires high-profile dc lawyer"
 retreat and surrender’"
"21st century wire says in 1983
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"patrick henningsen 21st century wiredespite repeated failures in litigating the  russian collusion  case
"21st century wire says this latest move by the us is being sold to unwitting british holiday makers and business travelers as a  solution to long immigration queues at us airports. under the new scheme
 send in the clowns"
"21st century wireyesterday
 are traditional shopping malls dead?"
 but not gone"
"sartre 21st century wirethe only conclusion any honest american citizen can come to is that the republic is dead. once again the flags wave and the songs play as the parades march to celebrate another 4th of july.picnic meals are eaten while children frolic in the warn sunshine of summer. few people reflect on the true meaning that established the solemn commemoration of the nation s birth. the reality of this post federation of independent state sovereignty is that a centralized federal behemoth has superseded the original intent of thomas jefferson s vision: that government is best which governs least .today the society that exists demands compliance or compels obedience by way of punishment.the empire that emerged after world war ii has established an amerika imperium. with the consistent dumbing down of the youth
"so once again
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 staff ‘sheltered in place’ amid backdrop of active shooter drills"
" 21st century wire says the real cause of the great upheavals which precede changes of civilisations
"21st century wire says back during the 2016 election
"21st century wire says cnn has reportedly refused to punish one of its senior producers john bonifield
"consortium news exclusive: the mainstream media is so hostile to challenges to its groupthinks that famed journalist seymour hersh had to take his take-down of president trump s april 6 attack on syria to germany
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says there is one curious thing the presidents of your country [us] change but the policy doesnt change
" 21st century wire says washington s muscle flexing seems to have taken on a life of its own as the shadow of us neocolonialism falls over much of the world with increasing intensity. in syria
"21st century wire says what this latest result proves is that the level of institutional criminality in washington dc is so deeply entrenched that american congressmen are not fit to govern   not even in a progressive democracy
" image: air defense and satellite tracking center in russia.21st century wire says as of june 19th
"andrew korybko global village spacethe us  deployment of the himars missile system to eastern syria is designed to deter the syrian arab army s dash for deir az-zor.many people were caught off guard when the russian defense ministry announced earlier this week that  the us has redeployed two high mobility artillery rocket systems from jordan to a us special operations forces base near the syrian town of al-tanf 
"21st century wire says yesterday a us f/a-18e super hornet is reported to have shot down a syrian army su-22 jet near the village of rasafah
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" us paratrooper on security duty during a mission to train iraqi forces (photo: us department of defense. source: wikicommons)21st century wire says in southeastern syria
"image: democratic party activist and gunman
 omran & technocratic tech"
 or liberal oligarchy?"
"21st century wire says last april
 aims to destroy arab unity"
 not victims"
"hollywood is having kittens over us president trump s recent snub of the paris climate agreement. especially upset are the elite cadre of multi-millionaire celebrities
 us senators"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"consortium news exclusive: in his mideast trip to saudi arabia and israel
" duterte takes clear lead in philippine elections. (photo: ibt)andrew korybko the duranmay 2016: as filipinos choose their next president on monday
 globalist scion
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 virginia"
"21st century wire says .from may day riots to designer technocracy  (photo illustration 21wire s shawn helton)21wire s shawn helton joins well-known talk radio host jack blood on the jack blood show
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"erdogan has very little to offer trump in syria. but the question should not be whether trump could even turn his back on the kurds in his fight against isis. it is more
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wireus president donald trump has accepted a recommendation to  dismiss  fbi director james comey. was this a reprisal for the suddenly widened russia-gate probe into the white house or was there something else at play within the operations of the deep state?comey was at the center of a political controversy over much of the last year during the us presidential election cycle in 2016
"21st century wire says if it wasn t enough with james comey doubling down on the russia-gate narrative
"21st century wire says it was a major scandal that broke out in 2009. academi
"21st century wire says f. william engdahl is a strategic risk consultant and lecturer
"21st century wire says investigative reporter robert parry broke many of the iran-contra stories for the associated press and newsweek in the 1980 s and has been a featured guest on patrick henningsen live at 1100kfnx.  in this report
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 the private sector does it for free"
"21st century wire says investigative reporter robert parry broke many of the iran-contra stories for the associated press and newsweek in the 1980s.as the mainstream media in the united states continues to double down on  russia-gate 
"21st century wire says the contrast in the numbers protesting is astounding.this past weekend
"randy johnson 21st century wiredigital technology has increasingly and exponentially become a part of our lives. virtual worlds and reality
"21st century wire says russia-gate was pushed by us media outlets everywhere   only to disappear after the highly questionable chemical attack in the idlib province of syria. the fact is
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 falling for ‘chemical weapons’ theatrics"
"21st century wire says are we already seeing the results of political ignorance?in the first episode of a new video interview series
"by the truth houndin the words of abc news  anchor david muir
"21st century wire says robert parry
"21st century wire says congresswoman and iraq war veteran tulsi gabbard continues to face down the mainstream propaganda machine with her based and skeptical opinion surrounding the war on syria
 two injured in school murder-suicide"
"21st century wire says us secretary of state rex tillerson tells us that the war on syria can only be solved through a  political process . wait
"21st century wire says out of all the intelligence agencies in the united states
"bill aukenthe day after us warships rained some 60 tomahawk missiles on a syrian government airbase
"21st century wire says not at all.yesterday s syria strikes have created quite a rift in president trump s support base
"little did we know at the time of this recording just how accurate our guest s comments would become.in last week s episode #179 of the sunday wire
"members can join co-hosts patrick henningsen and shawn helton for the full version of this episode of drive by wire  at 21wire.tv episode #6  here is part 1 of this special emergency installment of drive by wire with patrick henningsen and shawn helton. this is an urgent discussion on this week s alleged  chemical weapons  attack in idlib
 trump launches 59 cruise missiles
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" members can join host patrick henningsen and guest matt lee from inner city press for an unusual evening commute
"by jon rappoportcnn is already claiming the whole susan rice scandal is a tempest in a teapot
" patrick henningsen 21st century wireyemen is proving what should be clear by now: president trump may never make good on his bold campaign promise of less senseless wars overseas. watch as trump defers to the generals to double-down on a bad obama bet.this week
 drugs & the cia (1988)"
"this interview with wikileaks head julian assange might explain john mccain s recent angry outburst over the trump administration s announcement that  assad can stay  as leader in syria. syrianna analysis: on the german dw-tv channel
 decries trump for ‘letting assad stay’"
"21st century wire says the fbi released 27  never before seen  images chronicling the destructive pentagon attack on 9/11. while the fbi move appears to be an effort to be more transparent
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" this is the final episode of patrick live on independent talk 1100 kfnx and globally at alternate current radio this week: episode #19 this week we we wrap-up an amazing run on 1100 am kfnx   first hitting the headlines with al gore s hot air
" members can join co-hosts patrick henningsen and shawn helton from 21wire for the best morning commute show going
"21st century wire says can you say:  out of touch ?al gore may have finally proven that he has completely lost touch with reality after his recent comments in london during an interview.the former vice-president and professional alarmist extraordinaire said that climate change is a  principal  cause of the syrian conflict
"setting the stage of the press-president war.us ruling ideology and washington power have become unstuck as never before. a war of opposing certitudes and denunciations is waged day to day between the long-ruling us corporate media and the white house. both continuously proclaim ringing recriminations of the other s  fake news . over months they both portray each other as malevolent liars. prof. john mcmurtry global researchus bully pulpits are now beyond show disagreements and successful media inquisitions of the past. slanderous accusations long confined to vilifying the designated enemy have crept into accusations of the president himself.  the russians are coming  is returning as the final recourse of smear to stop deviations from the global program of hugely profitable enemy hate and perpetual preparations for foreign war.the ruling big lies of the us money party and corporate globalization have divided into opposing camps. the press and the president denounce each other non-stop on the public stage
"our weekly documentary film
 or america"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"lili bayer and larry cohler-esses haaretzsebastian gorka
"21st century wire says here s some intense debate.yesterday afternoon
" j.r. smith 21st century wirefor the last two months
"21st century wire says this is why nobody takes the mainstream media seriously.foreign policy has released a new article hyping up the dangers of mass surveillance
 it is.”"
" the trilateral commission is international and is intended to be the vehicle for multinational consolidation of the commercial and banking interests by seizing control of the political government of the united states. the trilateral commission represents a skillful
"21st century wire says this is a string of disturbing stories.over just the past week or so
"21st century wire says president trump is drifting further into neoconservative land
 liberal hypocrisy & humanity’s future"
"21st century wire says it was an awkward fit of nerves when donald met angela  during an interview in october 2015
"21st century wire says a laptop was reportedly stolen from a secret service agent s vehicle in brooklyn earlier today. the computer allegedly contained details surrounding the hillary clinton email probe
"21st century wire says earlier this week
000 more ground troops into syria"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"consortium news exclusive: the neocon royalty kagans are counting on democrats and liberals to be the foot soldiers in the new neocon campaign to push republicans and president trump into more  regime change  wars  robert perry consortium news the kagan family
"21st century wire says the fake news continues.today
"21st century wire says welcome to spaceship earth.this past week
"join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and globally at alternate current radio for the very best in news
"this was rachel maddow s geraldo rivera moment. on tuesday night the shrill msnbc host baited audiences with an extended monologue
"james hall 21st century wirethe obsession over sports
"21st century wire says legacy note to obama s ghost writer: barack hussein obama will go down in the record books as the greatest gun salesmen of all time. both obama and his attorney general eric holder embarked on one of the most aggressive
" he who controls the spice controls the universe.    frank herbert
 reality for sale & conspiracy theorist swag"
" the very people who for years talked about the problem of conspiracy theories have become the keenest spreaders of conspiracy theories. the people who spent the past few months banging on about the  post-truth  politics of brexit and trump have shown they don t have the first clue what truth is. the people who posed as champions of logic have revealed themselves as peddlers of paranoia  21st century wire says during last year s the election cycle
500 soldiers for ‘syria and iraq’"
 larry johnson
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and globally at alternate current radio for the very best in news
"niraj srivastava 21st century wireit is barely seven weeks since donald trump became the 45th president of the united states. perhaps too early to figure out the details of america s foreign policy during his presidency. however
"21st century wire says wikileaks founder julian assange has revealed at a press conference earlier today that wikileaks will give tech companies which suffered  billions of dollars of damage  when hacked by the cia  exclusive access  to its technical expertise.assange said the leaked information came from an isolated computer on the network at cia headquarters in virginia. he described the loss of the information as a  historic act of devastating incompetence. more on this report from rt  rtwikileaks will give tech companies which suffered  billions of dollars of damage  when hacked by the cia  exclusive access  to its technical expertise
" us army m1126 stryker armoured vehicles rolled into syria this week (source: twitter)21st century wire says yesterday reports emerged of a us heavy armoured convoy heeding through northern syria
 but they can!"
"21st century wire says just 24 hours after the release of  vault 7
"21st century wire says former nsa executive and whistleblower william binney confirmed that president donald j. trump is  absolutely right  to claim he was wiretapped and monitored. binney
"21st century wire says a small miracle   a rare moment of truth on the mainstream media. buried below all of the salacious and sensational headlines and faux russian intrigue in washington over the last week
"21st century wire says wikileaks has released its largest ever publication of confidential documents on the central intelligence agency. entitled  vault 7  and containing a password that echoed the alleged jfk quote  splinter the cia into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds
"21st century wire says facebook knows best?facebook has begun its rollout of the  disputed story  tag
"21st century wire says after president donald j. trump s previous visa suspension was blocked by federal courts
" photo illustration by patrick henningsen@21wire  nader talebzadeh   21st century wirethe american enlightenment has started.  the dormancy of over three decades
"21st century wire says president donald j. trump is leaving no stone unturned by asking the us congress to investigate the alleged abuse of executive powers by the obama administration as part of the investigation into alleged russian interference in the presidential election.the white house request was directed to  congressional intelligence committees  and asked them to  exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016. more on this report from russia today  rt   the white house has asked the us congress to investigate alleged abuse of executive power by the obama administration as part of the investigation into alleged russian interference in the presidential election.the white house request released on sunday was directed to  congressional intelligence committees  and required them to  exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016. #breaking trump is requesting congressional intel committees to determine whether the obama adm. abused its investigative powers in 2016 pic.twitter.com/6guqtxjspj  rag p soylu (@ragipsoylu) march 5
"21st century wire says yesterday
"21st century wire says trump supporters gathered at a rally in austin tx on a rainy march 4th to participate in the nationwide gathering of citizens in support of president trump
"21st century wire says partisan liberal hypocrisy strikes again.yesterday
" join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and globally at alternate current radio for the very best in news
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says is mcmaster going to reignite tensions with russia?in the follow video stuart j. hooper asks if we should be worried about general mcmaster replacing general flynn as trump s national security advisor.while flynn understood that russia has a sphere of influence in the world that the us should be wary of encroaching upon
"21st century wire says is this the biggest new nugget to be found in trump s joint address from last night?in the following video
"21st century wire says over the past month
"21st century wire says last night
" alex christoforou the duranit should come as no surprise that a film celebrating the white helmets scooped up an oscar for best short documentary. might as well hand the oscar to isis leader ab  bakr al-baghdadi.far from a humanitarian organisation
" in response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis
"21st century wire says according to the stockholm international peace research institute (sipri)
"  episode #174 of sunday wire show resumes this february 19
 2017"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at a special time tonight 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says one of the biggest trends running through this election season has been the migration of elements formerly on the fringe of politics  into the center
 then you might be a terrorist"
" andrew korybko 21st century wire the global media is awash with analysis and speculation about the resignation of former national security advisor michael flynn
"21st century wire says defendants in the federal case against nevada rancher
"21st century wire says in this age of hyper-politicized mass media
 war propaganda
" 21st century wire says the scandal emerged after it was revealed that flynn had a conversation with a russian ambassador
"21st century wire says a request by native american tribes seeking to halt the construction of the final link in the highly politicized and controversial dakota access pipeline has been declined by a federal judge in washington dc.the tribes at standing rock and cheyenne river sioux were not successful in claiming that the project will prevent them from conducting religious ceremonies at oahe lake but district court judge james boasberg declined their request citing no imminent harm to the tribes  practices could be shown.as noted by rt and ap below
000 people"
"21st century wire says ben stein
"21st century wire says defense news said that sixty-two percent of the us navy s f-18s are grounded and out of service and attributed this to be
" in response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis
"21st century wire says the russian president
"21st century wire says the following interview is the first western media appearance by syrian president bashar al assad since donald trump took office in the us. in an exclusive interview with yahoo news at the president s office in damascus
" in response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at a special time tonight 5:30 pm pst | 7:30 pm cst | 8:30 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says today the 9th circuit court of appeals has ruled to uphold the halt on allowing enforcement of president trump s executive order banning travel from seven countries in the middle east. even as the mainstream media is touting it as a  win  for left wing activists and the democrats who have their heels dug in against  all things trump
 fake crisis’ with guest mark anderson"
"sputnik radio s new program trend storm is hosted by american geopolitical analyst and writer andrew korybko. this week
"  in response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis
 ‘obstruction by democrats!’"
" in response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis
 ‘do you think our country is so innocent?’ after pundit calls putin ‘a killer’"
"21st century wire says the legal battle is waging on over president trump s executive order protecting the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the us when on saturday the department of justice requested a lift of the stay placed on enforcement of the executive order. the federal appeal court denied the doj s request
 google
 sarah abed"
"21st century wire says on friday a us federal judge in seattle ordered a temporary nationwide block on u.s. president donald trump s 7 nation immigration ban. as expected
"21st century wire says president trump s executive order: protecting the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the us
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 ‘new settlements may not help peace in middle east’"
 and around the world"
 anti-trump immigration protests ‘sprung from nowhere’ at airports across america"
 sally yates"
"21st century wire says reactions around the world are mixed with regards to the first salvo of executive orders coming out of the trump white house
"21st century wire says  trump protests are getting out of hand
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21wire.the following is part 3 of a 5 part series which deals with the deep state the strategy of tension examines the history of false flag operations used for war
" members can join co-hosts patrick henningsen and shawn helton from 21wire for their brand new morning commute show  drive by wire  shown in full here at 21wire.tv a 45 minute extended stream of consciousness analysis of america s new president trump
"21st century wire says the leftist media machine and the washington post are going after president trump again. are josh rogin and the the post waging a media war against president trump?trump said last wednesday that he
"21st century wire says there is no greater source of so-called  fake news  than the corporate mainstream media
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
"21st century wire says tuesday
"21st century wire says why shouldn t borders be protected?  it is a fair question tucker is asking enrique morones
"liberals still don t get it. trump is the political anti-hero for the post pc era. original painting artwork courtesy of jason liosatos.david ernst the federalistif politics flows downwards from culture
" this week president donald trump followed through with his most audacious   building a wall along the us southern border with mexico.after his visit to the department of homeland security this afternoon
"21st century wire says everyone has the right to air their perceived grievances about anything
"21st century wire says more than 50 ngo  partners  of the women s march on washington were found to be tied to social movement financier george soros. while the dc gathering was billed as a grassroots movement for women s rights in america
 but by their accomplishments’"
"21st century wire says so much for caring about the environment and individual responsibility  protesters in dc who claim to be there protesting for  women s rights  (even though it seemed quite clearly to be a women against president trump protest) are taking criticism for leaving the city with tens of thousands of placards and signs laying about on the sidewalks
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21wire.the following is part 1 of a 5 part series which deals with the deep state shining a light on black operations: this 5-part documentary is a great expose on the national surveillance state that has arisen over the last 50-100 years. manipulating elections
" rt . president donald trump spoke at cia headquarters on his first stop as the newly inaugurated commander in chief telling the intelligence agency that despite media reports he is not at war with the intelligence community. the reason you re my first stop is as you know i have a running war with the media- they are among the most dishonest beings on earth
" mark anderson  american free presswashington
"today donald j. trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the united states of america. the new president gave a resounding speech that was a major break from tradition   clearly an anti-establishment and anti-washington speech
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
"21st century wire says in a tweet
"21st century wire says earlier this week the media lit up with reports of a political activist group that was advertising across the nation to pay protesters to come out and demonstrate against the inauguration of donald trump.it would come as no surprise to 21wire if there were cases of protestors being rallied and potentially compensated by george soros related foundations. it would easily fall under the heading of  professional activists  and it is very real. whether its the revolution business deployed for the arab spring
"21st century wire says arguably irrelevant hollywood personality
 he’s standing by.”"
"21st century wire says in yet another interesting end of term move
 but for how long?’"
"21st century wire says the investigation team at project veritas just released the first part in another hidden camera interview series which apparently documents their undercover journalist speaking with washington dc  anti-fascist  extreme leftist group who were conspiring to disrupt the trump inaugural ball known as the  deploraball  by using the hvac systems in the building to conduct a butric acid release. obviously
"21st century wire says the intelligence agencies of the us and the uk were chartered to serve the government and protect national security by gathering information
"21st century wire says trump claims that after suspicions that us intelligence services were leaking information from classified meetings he was having with them
"21st century wire says many mainstream news outlets have been abuzz about the headline going around saying that trump may  evict  the press corp from accessing the white house
"patrick henningsen 21st century wirewatching this week s senate cabinet confirmation hearings was one of the most uncomfortable sights i have ever witnessed in politics. one self aggrandizing us senator after another
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21wire.the following is part 2 of a 5 part series which deals with the deep state the iran-contra affair provides the public with their first glimpse of the secret national security state
"21st century wire says based on the events we have seen over the past two months   the democrat-organized street protests and calls to abolish the electoral college
" 21st century wire says during yesterday s cabinet confirmation hearing in washington dc
"21st century wire says this week an unverified 35-page document concerning president-elect donald trump s alleged ties to russia had been published by buzzfeed. the so-called dossier
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
 cia have lost the plot
" media meltdown: many now believe that amazon billionaire jeff bezos has transformed the washington post from a  paper of record  into the world s most expensive fake news blog.kalev leetaru  forbesthe washington post sparked a wave of fear when it ran the breathless headline  russian hackers penetrated u.s. electricity grid through a utility in vermont
"consortium news exclusive: despite mainstream media acceptance
" 21st century wire says now we can see part of the obama administration s end game in cooking-up the  russian election hack  hoax. after much hysteria
"21st century wire says we ve seen it over and over again in the mainstream media
"21st century wire says in the wake of the friday release of the odni s 25 page report from  us intelligence agencies  (notice how they don t even specify the agency names anymore in these reports) on the alleged russian hack of clinton campaign related dnc computers
 worked for security
"21st century wire says the washington post has been caught lying and deceiving the public twice in the last few weeks pushing the unfounded mainstream media meme that russia invaded the u.s. electric grid and another claiming that russia is behind the explosion of so-called  fake news. considering that the power grid story was proven to be a fake news story that washpost had to later retract  we have to consider the legitimacy of any further claims the outlet has against russia as particularly dubious.the intercept has some interesting analysis on how outlets such as washpost not only deceive the public
 cnn claims voices in his head ‘told him to join isis’"
"21st century wire says despite the mass media distraction of the improbably  active shooter  attack at fort lauderdale airport earlier this afternoon   today was  the big day
"in case you missed it
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
"21st century wire says donald trump s campaign  promise  to move the us embassy in tel aviv to jerusalem could trigger a series of events pushing the region back towards serious conflict. trump s appointment of right-wing jewish bankruptcy lawyer david friedman (image
" andrew malcolm mcclatchy news you better stop stealing money from your mother s purse
"peter certo other wordseven in an election year as shot through with conspiracy theories as this one
" james burgess oil priceprecious metals are an important component of every investor s portfolio
"what can we expect in 2017? inflated markets
"day in and day out
" dick eastman the truth houndwhen henry kissinger and david rockefeller met with zhou enlai in china in 1973 just after president richard nixon had visited china establishing official relations an understanding was reached whereby the u.s. would supply industrial capital and know-how to china.in return kissinger-connected corporations would gain the monopolistic advantage of low-cost labor production which could outcompete all u.s. domestic industry.the comparative advantage gained was being able to hire chinese laborers who were ready to work hard at exceedingly low cost with no drugs
"21st century wire says by cow-towing to students  over-sensitivity to free speech and seemingly a prenatal requirement for  safe spaces  on campus   academics and university administrators are unknowingly (or knowingly) constructing communitarian unintellectual institutions of tyranny on campuses across america. the end result of this progress  should be obvious to anyone who has studied 20th century history   it is anarchy. if students are allowed to get professors suspended or fired over spurious allegations of  offense caused
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
"21st century wire says in a recent interview former house speaker
" funny how secrets travel. i d start to believe
"21st century wire says in typical ndaa signing fashion
"21st century wire says while politicians and news media alike are accusing trump of pushing an  arms race  in his december 22nd tweet about strengthening america s nuclear capability
"this year
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" join patrick every wednesday at independent talk 1100 kfnx and alternate current radio for the very best in news
" here is the full episode #9 of this podcast   a special post-election holiday edition @21wire.tv this is a special 2 hour holiday transmission from 21wire broadcasting live on the alternate current radio network .it seems that partisan politics has finally broken us politics
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21wire the 1995 bombing of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city was an event that shook the united states domestic scene. up to that date
"21st century wire says back in august 2013
"21st century wire says fox news  sean hannity has broken away from the majority of western news reporters and has gone to wikileaks  julian assange to ask him directly
"21st century wire says it appears that putin has had enough with being accused of tampering with the us election process this year. the russian president s spokesman
" syrian army soldier holds up al nusra front (al qaeda in syria) flag in the umayyed mosque
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says facebook is partnering with snopes.com and other sites which have apparently been unofficially deemed the new ministries of truth to decide what is and what is not  fake news.  do we trust these agencies more than we trust the intelligence of 21wire facebook followers to discern
 dig-in and refuse to give up failed ‘assad must go’ foreign policy"
"21st century wire says president obama is once again appearing on  info-tainment  programming on comedy central but his appearance is clearly not to entertain or inform the viewer. in the final days of the president s time in office he is going on comedy shows to push the  russian hack  effect on the u.s. presidential election outcome. he does so without a shred of evidence nor a mention of the podesta emails
 russia
" 21st century wire says this latest episode of the democratic party s epic meltdown is perhaps the most embarrassing of them all. the ghosts of hillary s defeat continue to haunt the halls of washington and media headlines
"21st century wire says how seriously can we take a  secret cia assessment  that russian intervention in the u.s. presidential election played a role in the victory of president elect donald j. trump when it comes from an organization that has intervened extensively in so many countries  sovereign governments?the anti-media the daily sheepleaccording to a  secret cia assessment
 funding terrorists in syria"
"21st century wire says if anyone still thinks this whole  russian hacking  plot is not motivated by internal us politics   think again tyler durden zero hedgewhen the wapo posted last friday s story about a  secret  cia assessment that russian cyber attacks were aimed at helping republican president-elect donald trump win the 2016 election
"21st century wire says three weeks ago
"see more aleppo updates & exclusives herethis press conference is an excellent information tool for anyone who has serious questions about the true size and scope of the propaganda war being waged against syria by governments and media organizations in the us
"21st century wire says this week s documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21wire. by august 1945
"21st century wire says the mainstream media continues to deflect from its own collapse in credibility in the wake of hillary clinton s epic electoral meltdown by inventing a synthetic  fake news  crisis and scapegoating clinton s loss on bloggers and cheap eastern european hoax websites. in addition to mainstream media constantly pushing out actual fake news
 not from cnn"
"patrick henningsen 21st century wire as 21wire reported earlier this week
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says a red flag went up when we saw this story. we ll let you decide what you think this is brewster kahle (photo
"join patrick every week here at 21wire.tv for news
"21st century wire says here is a perfect example of a story where the mainstream media will treat the surface narrative   without identifying the real underlying scoop the reuters report below reveals how a recent police raid of a phony back alley  us embassy  in the african capital city of accra
"jack shepherd the independentdespite george lucas selling the rights to star wars to disney years ago
"21st century wire says if you re going to  drain the swamp  then the last thing you want to do is set a 500 lb crocodile loose into the marshes. throughout his campaign
 website to curate ‘favored’ news"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"shawn helton 21st century wirepresident-elect donald trump continues to fill key positions in the white house and in the process
 not ‘hacked’"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 5:00 pm pst | 7:00 pm cst | 8:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 as ‘tools for russian propaganda’"
"episode #162 of sunday wire show resumes this november 28
"21st century wire asks the sensational reporting by us corporate media has almost fallen off the edge of reality in this new divise
" washingtons blogeveryone s talking about  fake news   google trends shows that starting in late october   that phrase absolutely exploded in terms of internet searches:in the last month
"rtthe father of the cuban revolution remains unbeaten by his foes even in death. we look over the most dramatic assassination plots on el comandante   from character-assassinations by way of lsd
"one of the world s longest-serving and most iconic leaders
 while pushing neo-mccarthyism"
"deep inside the archetypal psyche of pepe the frog branko mali  21st century wirewhile richard spencer s half-joke of hailing donald trump with roman salute rose a lot of dust
"jay dyer 21st century wireif the trump phenomena showed anything
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" the person who received the most votes free from interference or tampering needs to be in the white house. it may well be donald j. trump
 tulsi gabbard offers potential for peace with syria
"this biggest failure of the mainstream media was their inability to police themselves. from partisan dishonesty to outright lies   they have destroyed their own credibility
" rtformer congressman ron paul revealed a list of  fake news  journalists he claims are responsible for  bogus wars  and lies about hillary clinton s chances of winning the election. journalists from cnn
" the times asserts that such censorship would be good for democracy   and it surely is true that hoaxes and baseless conspiracy theories are no help to democracy   but regulation of information in the manner that the times suggests has more than a whiff of orwellian totalitarianism to it.  robert parry  consortium newsin its lead editorial on sunday
" william mcgurn wall street journallet s get this straight. calling hillary clinton a  bigot  has reporters asking every republican in sight if donald trump has gone too far. but the clinton campaign releases a video saying mr. trump is the candidate of the ku klux klan
" charles hugh smith of two mindsso when the protected class of well-paid institutional  progressives  speak darkly of  reversing 40 years of social progress
 syria
"21st century wire says..with christmas season right around the corner
" robert parry consortium newsin the wake of donald trump s victory
 collapse of ‘white helmets’ narrative
"21st century wire says like cia director john brennan
"21st century wire says george soros has been described as a philanthropist
"jay dyer 21st century wireaccording to a recent feature article published by the la times
 your revolution is fake’"
"21st century wire says it s hard to not to draw a comparison between the brexit referendum and the stunning surprise victory of donald trump in the 2016 presidential election in america. many now argue that both were a repudiation on globalization.indeed
 hollywood and the wall street war chest"
"kirsten powers usa todayover the past 18 months
"21st century wire says while america s political left continue to march and occupy college campus spaces around the country
 how & why…"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says although he had some great ideas on the campaign trail
"21st century wire says after investing hundreds of millions of dollars into the failed campaign of democratic candidate hillary clinton
’ and ignored reports of attacks on trump supporters"
"21st century wire says since the late 1960 s
"21st century wire says in 2011
 obama speaks: americans need to ‘reconcile themselves’ with a trump presidency"
" episode #160 of sunday wire show resumes this november 13
 cry-ins
"21st century wire says organized efforts are underway by democratic party affiliated ngo s to try and somehow delegitimize the results of this week s us presidential election. on the eve of the us election before voters went to the polls
"21st century wire says in 2008 and 2012
"shawn helton 21st century wireanti-trump street protests linked to the soros  funded organization moveon.org have cascaded across the nation for the third day following the 2016 presidential election result.mainstream media outlets like cnn and msnbc have given the protests around-the-clock media coverage
"21st century wire says important: we are particularly worried about john bolton and rudolph giuliani holding major diplomatic positions   they are both damaged goods and relics of a failed neoconservative past which some republicans are acting nostalgic about. both bolton and giuliani have pressed for a pre-emptive strike on iran in the past
"21st century wire says 21wire has always pointed out that the marketing facade of barack obama as the  nobel peace prize  president is just that   a facade. the facts simply do not support the myth.  defense onethe obama administration has approved more than $278 billion in foreign arms sales in its eight years
"21st century wire says us college students continue to be emotionally traumatized and  threatened  by donald trump s surprise presidential victory this week
 jay z
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" 21st century wire says mexico s billionaire tycoon carlos slim saw a large chuck of his wealth evaporate   literally overnight
"21st century wire says author david icke talks about the us election shocker and what it says about the relationship between society and big government.in the end
"21st century wire says donald trump s victory has sparked flash mob protests on wednesday
"21st century wire says republican candidate donald j trump will be the 45th president of the united states.history has been made
" 21st century wire says according to reports from business insider
"establishment pundits were horrified when donald trump claimed that  the system is rigged
"21st century wire says another key swing state has gone to hillary. the feudal theocratic dictatorship who is funding and supporting isis and al qaeda terrorists groups groups globally   has chosen their candidate  according to one wikileaks email
" patrick henningsen 21st century wiretoday america will choose its next president. what can you say that hasn t already been said in this
 650
" bloombergin the hours after the president is elected
" 21st century wire says it s the big dirty secret that neither political party in the us wants to seriously discuss   because they both use these very systems to fix elections. how easy is it to rig an election with electronic voting machines? watch as princeton computer scientists ariel j. feldman
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film
 basil valentine"
" 21st century wire says amid great mainstream media and democratic party fanfare
 not russia
"21st century wire says today
"patrick henningsen 21st century wire hillary clinton is the architect of us foreign policy failures in libya and syria.   we ve heard that statement many times over the course of this us election cycle
’ donors funded isis"
" 21st century wire says yesterday
 the clintons & wall street"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"jay dyer 21st century wiresick of politics? well
"simon black sovereign manbelow is a short email that my friend sam posted this morning to his facebook page about his surprisingly positive experience with the us healthcare system.i thought it a fantastic read
" patrick henningsen 21st century wirethe longer this soap opera drags on
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6:00 pm pst | 8:00 pm cst | 9:00 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says a tidal wave of revelations is pouring out of the clinton campaign as the 2016 presidential election draws to a close.   meltdown    the clinton campaign continues to unravel following a series of troubling details. (photo illustration 21wire)over the weekend
 backed by mitt romney’s wall street machine"
"21st century wireaccording to reports
"brasscheck tva lot of people are going to vote for donald trump in november. tens of millions of them. maybe enough to elect him president.if you don t understand why
"21st century wire asks . have your shout: which us oligarch family is more corrupt
 gov. kate brown upset by jury decision"
"21st century wire says 21wire reported on friday about the fbi s surprising announcement that it would be reopening the clinton email case due to new evidence of  classified information  found on sex cheat anthony weiner s (newly estranged husband of clinton chief aid huma abedin)  computer which was subject to a seperate investigation. will this really yield anything significant in the 10 days running-up to the nov 8th election
"21st century wire says in a stunning turn of events 11 days before the 2016 presidential election
"see also: on the qt:  us election: behind the curtain  (part 1)21st century wire says the democratic party and the hillary clinton campaign have chained themselves to the wild conspiracy theory that russia is behind the embarrassing wikileaks email dump and  the kremlin is trying to interfere with the us election process    even though their is zero evidence to prove that ridiculous claim.wikileaks has exposed what is arguably the biggest trove of political corruption in us history   but the majority pro-hillary media are simply ignoring these leaks in order to get behind the media s pre-chosen candidate.so why is the clinton political machine still panicking? are we due for another october surprise ?rt everyday that you publish is a day that you have the initiative in the conflict
"beta testing set to begin at transportation hubs in los angeles
" david kerans strategic cultureboth inside the us and around the world
"the t.i.n.a. doctrine    there is no alternative  brandon smith alt-marketwhen people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the  conspiracy  of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of  occam s razor    they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one.in fact
 tails you lose"
"prof michel chossudovsky global reaseachthe media has failed to address the confrontation between the u.s. state department and the joint chiefs of staff.the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff general joseph francis dunford (image
" by paul crag robertsa month ago i wrote a column 
 now investigating ddos hack on america"
" roving political analyst stuart j hooper drops in the see what was happening as bernie sanders hit the western college campuses on to campaign for hillary clinton.the following is an interview with an ex-bernie delegate who
" it s teetering on the ridiculous watching the us mainstream media get their knickers in a twist over donald trump s provocative comments during the last presidential debate about the possibility of election rigging
 based on lazy us twitter culture”"
 twitter
" 21st century wire says once again
"21st century wire says  the mainstream media have gone to great lengths to hide obfuscate the following story.during an interview with cbs news on march 7
 and lying about syria"
"21st century wire saysfollowing a wave of hidden camera sting operations captured by the investigative non-profit project veritas
"21st century wire says back in july
" 21st century wire says cnn s chris cuomo (image
"21st century wire says it seems that us anti-russian rhetoric has translated into action as new plans for nato to continue its march eastward have emerged.according to norwegian news sources
" by anthony brian logan . james o keefe of project veritas has released undercover
’ admits he’s gay"
" jay dyer 21st century wiredemonstrating where bad hermeneutics and theology lead
"21st century wire says we ve said it many times during the last two years here at 21wire and on the sunday wire radio show   that the present anti-russia hysteria being rolled out in the us and britain is simply a cheap facade to gin up a new arms race.  not small ticket items
"attention: episode #157 of sunday wire show is postponed until next sunday oct. 23
"21st century wire says this is a bit of an oddity as far as ted talks go investigative journalist trevor aaronson actually delivers a ted presentation which calls out the fbi for being the party responsible for creating the majority of so-called  domestic terror  and  islamic terror  busts in the us since 9/11.just this week
"21st century wire says the hillary clinton campaign has gone hell-for-leather on the white house s official conspiracy theory that russia is hacking into and  trying to influence  the current us presidential election
000 isis fighters walk free from mosul – to fight in syria"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"sartre 21st century wireevery day the world moves closer to a nuclear winter. the finger on the trigger presses upon the button and only a slight movement will launch unthinkable destruction.the point that it is so unthinkable yet so close to happening is caused by the overwhelming denial that americans have towards the real nature of international brinksmanship. the united state foreign policy for global dominance cannot be defended as a righteous imperative. those who naively believe that nato occupies the high moral ground are just as confused as the dupes that cheer the dough boys or the gi s in the previous two world wars.the difference in the coming end of days is not that the foolish deployments and menacing circumstances are not known
"21st century wire says the us department of justice (doj) is dropping all charges against an arms dealer whose weapons made it into the hands of radical libya militants.early this week a motion was filed by the doj to drop charges against an american arms dealer named marc turi
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 arrested for stealing spy malware"
 fbi – and secretly monitors customer email accounts for us gov’t"
"21st century wire says this was one of the most eagerly anticipated cyber  events ever
"shawn helton 21st century wirefollowing the invasion of iraq in 2003
 then blames moscow for separating ‘moderates’ from terrorists"
"brasscheck tvnearly 30 years ago
 power
"shawn helton  21st century wireearlier this week
"21st century wire says why are western media lying and producing a fictional narrative regarding the situation unfolding in aleppo
"21st century wire says ron paul told rt that the us shouldn t engage in  death struggle  over who controls aleppo.it s worth noting here that ron paul was correct back in aug. 2013
"21st century wire says one thing is certain about the war on syria: the propaganda war being waged by the west and all of its agencies
 surrender
" 21st century wire says while the us media follows the red herring of this legislative drama which is saudi arabia
"21st century wire says one glaring conclusion from last night s us presidential debate is that there is virtually no difference between either donald trump or hillary clinton s view on what the us should do in syria. both are advocating for more war   for more airstrikes in syria
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
" photo: henry lowendorf21st century wire says in case you ve missed it
"21st century wire says if you haven t seen hillary clinton s bizarre and shrill performance the other night
"21st century wire says there have been a string of active shooter events prior to 2016 s first presidential debate this coming week   with many incidents appearing suspicious in nature. the guardian reports that the apparent motive still remains unclear: a 20-year-old suspect was in custody on sunday for the killing of five people during a deadly shooting at a mall in burlington
" 21st century wire asks currently throughout the western media exists a major public relations push to raise the profile of supposed  ngo  in syria known as the  white helmets  in advance of the upcoming nobel peace prize award on oct 7th in oslo
 vanessa beeley"
 leading to bigger questions"
" do roses know their thorns can hurt?    a quote attributed to jonben t ramsey from lawrence schiller s perfect murder
 syria and the scrotox imperative"
"21st century wire says despite proclamations by us official
 abdo haddad
"patrick henningsen  21st century wirewhat s up with the millennials? the clinton campaign may have felt a jolt after seeing the front page headline from this morning s wall street journal which read
"21st century wire says cnn s brian stelter hosts a show facetiously titled
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 or a staged exit?"
"21st century wire says us democratic party candidate hillary clinton is reported to have fainted during a major 9/11 memorial service in new york city this past sunday. she was promptly removed from the event by her campaign staff
"21st century wire says is donald trump the answer? is anyone the answer?here s an interesting conversation in new york city
" no one man can terrorize a whole nation unless we are all his accomplices.    edward r. murrowjohn w. whitehead huffington postwe ve walked a strange and harrowing road since september 11
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21wire.aside from the collapse of wtc building 7
 jay dyer
"21st century wire says one of the most elaborate crimes of the century continues to be whitewashed   smoke screen    photo illustration 21wire s shawn helton there are many doorways into the crimes of 9/11. after the attacks on the pentagon and world trade center
 kerry agree to fight al-nusra
 reviving conspiracy suspicions"
 2016"
 intervention"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 jfk airport panic & staged propaganda"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"listen to the first 30 min segment of this new fortnightly podcast
"21st century wire says here s a classic case of problem
" 21st century wire says the  privatization of space
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
 still backing terrorists in syria"
"21st century wire says in the old days
 islamist extremism"
 stones & the media hammer"
"jay dyer 21st century wiresuicide squad is who they call to counsel the people leaving this vapid movie.  possibly the worst superhero film yet
 ghoufran derawan"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says the wagon wheels are already coming off of the nato-gcc  regime change  road show in syria.now
 mass shootings & media mind control: natural born killers (1994)"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says this is something which 21wire has been warning about for years
"jay dyer 21st century wirethe last star trek reboot saw benedict cumberbatch as kahn
 empty seats & white noise"
"21st century wire says these family members made the president s life miserable
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"jay dyer 21st century wirethe popular 80s pastiche series stranger things begins with a familiar scene of e.t. nostalgia
"21st century wire says the democratic party national convention hit full swing in philadelphia yesterday
" press association the guardianfilm director oliver stone has branded the popular gaming app pok mon go a  new level of invasion  of privacy that could lead to  totalitarianism .the american reportedly voiced concerns over the game as he promoted his new movie about nsa whistleblower edward snowden at comic-con international.after he was asked about security concerns associated with pok mon go
 central banks
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est for this special broadcast. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says another harbinger of the end of civilization as we once knew it. if you are considering downloading this app and getting into this new apocalyptic pastime
" patrick henningsen 21st century wirethis week another toxic revelation dripped from the chilcot report.according to top british sas officers
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 11 am pst | 2 pm est for this special saturday broadcast. join us for uncensored
"daily shooter 21st century wirethe dallas sniper production. what was it really about?dallas
 change agents & false left–right statecraft"
"jay dyer 21st century wireas the recent events (and subsequent incoherent media narratives) in dallas continue to unravel
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 11 am pst | 2 pm est this saturday july 9th. join us for uncensored
"daily shooter 21st century wirelast night
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says we re told that american independence day is a day for stars & stripes
"21st century wire says our weekly documentary screening curated by our editorial team at 21wire.note: although this film focuses a lot on the clinton and bush presidencies
"21st century wire says yesterday
"21st century wire says the business of defense.in order to sustain mammoth defense sector based in north america
"see also: 21wire calls out us media for hyping fake  active shooter  event at andrews basedaily shooter 21st century wirewashington dc area was put on high alert today following reports of an  active shooter  a joint base andrews in maryland
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
 twitter accounts"
" dady chery news junkie post let me tell you about the very rich. they are different from you and me.    f. scott fitzgeraldeducation is the latest public commons that is being turned into a commodity by a group of the world s arrivistes
"patrick henningsen 21st century wirehas political reality finally set in for the gop presumptive nominee donald trump?with only days before the republican party s national convention at quicken loans arena in cleveland
 survivor’s story challenged"
"21st century wire says trump has begun his war on hillary.today
"21st century wire says what a twisted world we have become.a female
 agents and casualty role players"
 act like babies"
 worked with dhs
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"see also: orlando  known wolf  watched by fbi
 2016"
"21st century wire says worth watching. the ed snowden cameo is class. the star wars libertarian special features senate filibusters
"21st century wire says now that the democratic party establishment has finally put all its cards on the table and declared hillary clinton their  presumptive  nominee for president
 donald trump or hillary clinton?"
"21st century wire says if there is no real terrorist threat
"21st century wire says this definitely needed to be said.host of popular internet news shows the young turks
"21st century wire says this latest stunt only goes to show what a complete rip-off the us healthcare industry truly is.this week
 creating a human-pig embryo"
"randy johnson 21st century wire  mirror mirror   am i still just a movie concept?  virtual  avatar  technology is in its infancy   as far as we know (image: actor sam worthington from the science fiction blockbuster film
"21st century wire says us defense secretary ash carter is the latest washington  defense  insider to suffer from that common american condition known as  strangelove syndrome. .  ash carter (above) alongside peter sellers as the enigmatic and satirical menace dr. strangelove.is this the new american mediocrity displaying its ignorance out of washington dc
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says is there any difference in us foreign policy between the two major parties? just how important is foreign policy in the minds of american voters come november?crosstalk: it is a truism american voters are far more interested in domestic issues during a presidential election. and this suits the foreign policy establishment just fine. since the cold war there has been a narrowing of foreign policy debate. does this explain why washington blunders from one fiasco to another?crosstalking with 21wire s patrick henningsen
"21st century wire says what is wrong with chris matthews?in the following clip from rt america s redacted tonight
" (photo: patrick henningsen 2016)news linethe white house was placed on lockdown when a suspicious package was thrown over a fence onto the north lawn a few minutes after barack obama had arrived
"episode #137 of sunday wire show resumes this sunday may 29
"21st century wire says but he can he accomplish his objective?in the following episode of crosstalk
 political correct hellhole & political puppetry"
"21st century wire says the military industrial complex has been a huge winner under obama.watch a video of this report here:the us is in control of over half of the world s arms industry
"21st century wire says every sunday
"21st century wire says this week s announcement by the cia that they somehow  lost  the infamous torture report has failed to impress its critics who are all but certain that the agency has destroyed
"21st century wire says it is not looking good for clinton.watch a video of this report here: trump now sits at 45%
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
 militaristic candidate we have seen in decades’"
"21st century wire says is this year s us election a story of the political elite establishment going to war with social justice?in the following episode of crosstalk
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"they took out saddam in two weeks
"21st century wire says censorship is running rampant on the world s largest social media website.watch a video of this report here:. former facebook workers have come out with shocking revelations that the social media giant is actively censoring conservative news topics and reports
" 21st century wireare black budget projects illegally swallowing up your taxes?the military industrial complex has eaten up billions
 calling for ‘never trump’"
"21st century wire asks have your shout: we ask our readers who they trust with foreign policy
21st century wire says  b acting: president obama and former house speaker john boehner getting their kicks making saturday night live videos on taxpayer time.host patrick henningsen opens episode #133 of the sunday wire with a skewering rant about last weekend s annual white house correspondents  dinner and takes a hard look at the decaying state of america s near non-existent  fourth estate  which has devolved into  team america  media.this is your brave new world [soundcloud url=   params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /] . listen to the sunday wire live & via the archive here
000 ads"
"21st century wire says a greater percentage of people are willing to vote to stop hillary than trump.watch a video of this report here:reuters has released a shocking poll along with an accurate description saying that
"21st century wire says how will trump and hillary s foreign policy differ if they are president of the united states?in the following episode of crosstalk experts debate how we might interpret the foreign policy direction that a clinton or trump administration might take.trump s foreign policy speech reads like that of a defensive realist
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
 #dropouthillary now trending"
"21st century wire says the fbi is walking a very fine line that crosses into the unacceptable.watch a video of this report here:the fbi has apparently arrested a man planning an attack on a miami-area synagogue with an explosive device.the suspect had allegedly planned to attack the aventura turnberry jewish center on friday evening.the plot
"21st century wire says this is the news that the elite political establishment did not want to hear.watch a video of this report here:a new poll by rasmussen reports has donald trump beating hillary clinton by two points in a head-to-head matchup.trump comes in at 41% with clinton trailing behind with 39%.15% of respondents would prefer some other candidate
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire asks will this be the beginning of the end for john mccain s re-election campaign?  busted     the police raid in phoenix that targeted a mccain fundraiser. (photo link scoopnest)earlier the week
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
 stop helping terrorists"
" art by dan lacey via etsy (see his work here)zen gardnerit s pitiful to watch the us election gyrations in the midst of this calculated societal breakdown. americans have historically had such guts and strength
" robert parry consortium newsif there were any doubts that hillary clinton favours a neo-conservative foreign policy
" eric zuesse off guardianeven for the post of u.s. president
"21st century wire says as 21wire reported yesterday
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says no doubt about it. in comparison to washington s other weapons trafficking exploits
"21st century wire says in so many respects
 but protect’ (and cover your laptop webcam with tape)"
"special report: savvy neocons see hillary clinton as their trojan horse to be pulled into the white house by democratic voters
"21st century wire says not quite a mea culpa
"21st century wire says this is the latest installment of our new weekly sunday screening feature
"21st century wire says is washington preparing to carpet bomb raqqa? if so
"wall street on paradeat the democratic debate at drake university in des moines
"21st century wire says we ve heard a lot of not so nice things about microsoft s latest spawn of ms dos. aside from the built-in trojan horse back door access uncovered earlier
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"gary kamiya sf chronicleon an elegant dead-end block on the north side of telegraph hill is 225 chestnut st.
"sam levin the guardianon 23 january
"21st century wire says after the great crash of 2008
" abc news photodaniel lazare consortium newswhy are islamic militants wreaking havoc from brussels to lahore? the best way to answer this question is by taking a close look at how the new york times covered this weekend s liberation of palmyra from abu bakr al-baghdadi s islamic state.the article
"roar magi want to give testimony on what are called the  highways of death. these are the two kuwaiti roadways
 donald & bernie show"
 protesters in washington – no outrage from white house"
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says just because it happened in the 1960s doesn t mean it can t happen today.for example
"21st century wire says back to square one. quietly
"21st century wire says does hollywood do anything other than comic book remakes any more? the latest over-budget chimera
"microsoft pulls robot after posted tweets like  hitler was right i hate the jews  haaretzmicrosoft put the brakes on its artificial intelligence tweeting robot after it posted several offensive comments
"21st century wire says the following video presented by us-based activist dahlia wasfi was posted in 2012 but it remains extremely relevant today when one considers the current trajectory of instability in the the middle east.watch  bibi: knows the us congress is bought and paid for. jewish institute for national security affairs (jinsa) dvisory board includes such notable figures as michael ledeen
"21st century wire says as political smoke screens go
 yemen
"21st century wire says ok. as political endorsements go
"by james perloffmy friend rachael mcintosh was an alternate delegate at the 2012 republican convention in tampa
"21st century wire says at some point
" usa todayhavana  the wheels of air force one touched down at jose marti international airport for the first time ever at 4:19 p.m. sunday
"21st century wire says the silicon valley s technotronic oligarchy has been exposed as a mere extension of the cia in terms of playing a role in washington s state policy of regime change in syria.this latest email release reveals how then us secretary of state
" david sherfinski washington timesformer texas rep. ron paul said friday he couldn t support gop presidential front-runner donald trump if mr. trump wins the party s nomination
" appear weak when you are strong
"21st century wire says..we ll believe it  when
 feds’ shell casings ‘have gone missing’"
 patrick henningsen & mike robinson"
"patrick henningsen 21st century wireany business expert will tell you that marketing is not an exact science. the same is true in politics
 will it happen in ohio?"
"21st century wire says regarding the latest  trump outrage 
"shawn helton   21st century wiregop presidential frontrunner donald trump is a populist candidate among a bevy of warhawk rivals  yet many still wonder how the real estate mogul has marched virtually unabated towards the 2016 republican nomination.undoubtedly
"21st century wire says after last friday night s clash between democratic party students and republican trump supporters in chicago
"episode #126 of sunday wire show resumes this sunday march 13
"jamie ross courthouse news servicephoenix   two towns on the arizona-utah border dominated by members of a fundamentalist mormon sect discriminated against residents who are not members of the church
" 21st century wire asks have your shout: friday night in chicago saw an unprecedented incident   where flash mobs from an opposing political party were successful in shutting down a presidential political rally. we ask our readers if protesters should be allowed to shut down political rallies.vote
"21st century wire says the 2016 election has been one of many firsts. last night saw an unprecedented incident   where flash mobs from an opposing political party were successful in shutting down a presidential political rally.up to this point
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
"21st century wire says science fiction is now science fact.watch a video of this report here: darpa s program director for the project says the implant is seeking to open the channel between the human brain and modern electronics. a statement from darpa said it will enable  data-transfer bandwidth between the human brain and the digital world
 the secret government won’t change.’"
 cover-up by fbi and osp in shooting of lavoy finicum – doj opens new investigation"
 sanders win big in michigan – trump
 helping real terrorists"
"21st century wire says did mitt romney just make an incredible mistake?fox news contributor judge jeanine pirro has unleashed a scathing attack on mitt romney after his recent moves to try and put a halt to donald trump s presidential run: there s an insurrection coming
"21st century wire says for years
 and accurate’ in syria"
"jay dyer 21st century wirejamie hanshaw
"21st century wire says could this be the real reason why trump is so despised by the elite republican establishment?watch a video of this report here:  trump had this to say: wouldn t it be nice if actually we could get along with russia
"shawn helton 21st century wirethis week a house judiciary committee began overseeing details of a us federal court case between tech company apple and the fbi.on february 16th
 threatens ‘unilateral operations in syria’"
 witchery
" truthstream mediaout of 88 potential horrors this batch of 1
" 21st century wire asks have your shout: apple ceo tim cook publicly rejected an unprecedented us federal court order that would force the company to decrypt an iphone linked to one of the san bernardino shooters   a move that would have vast implications.vote
 ttip
"patrick henningsen 21st century wireas baron rothschild famously said back in the late 18th century
"shawn helton   21st century wirewith the united states in the heat of the 2016 presidential election cycle
"randy johnson 21st century wirethe future is coming and technology is coming with it.  are we adapting to the future or holding on to  the old ways ?  is a future of technology with circuit boards
 trump gatecrash & cynical ploys"
"21st century wire says this latest diplomatic development certainly appears positive on its surface
" 21st century wire says one tv personality trumps another tv personality.while gop front runner donald trump was on his way to another resounding win
" inversewikileaks released tonight a new cache of documents
 or will he tank?"
"shawn helton 21st century wireearlier this week apple ceo tim cook publicly rejected an unprecedented us federal court order that would force the company to decrypt an iphone linked to one of the san bernardino shooters   a move that would have vast implications  privacy & protection: apple ceo tim cook challenges fbi court order to unlock private data of users (image source: iphoneitalia)breaching public privacy in a published open letter entitled
 dug
"21st century wire asks what really happened in the death of supreme court justice antonin scalia?with the united states deep in the throes of the 2016 presidential primaries
"21st century wire asks the tragic death of kurt cobain has mystified the public for more than two decades and over that time
 says snowden"
"patrick henningsen 21st century wirecliven bundy
 or osmosis
 cheat and forge police reports? answer: yes."
"21st century wire says unless you have been living under a rock for the last 20 years
"21st century wire says iowa s democratic party primary was one of the closest races in history   reported by the media as being decided by only .3% of the vote
"21st century wire says most people accept that a certain amount of political campaigning is staged
"21st century wire says as republican
 exclamation
"21st century wire says the cia is trying its best to avoid oversight and accountability.watch a video of this report here: an anonymous ex-cia officer explains: the classic use of an eyewash is if you have a garden-variety source and all of a sudden he gains access to truly sensitive information
"21st century wire says if you ve been following the events outside of burns
"episode #120 of sunday wire show finally resumes this sunday jan. 24
"21st century wire says..update 1-29-2016 at 01:30pm et: due to public pressure and intense speculation about the events of tuesday brought on by a youtube recording of the testimony of key eyewitness victoria sharp
" patrick henningsen 21st century wirethere exists a famous quote often attributed to 1918 us senator hiram warren johnson
" killed: rancher and protest spokesman robert  lavoy  finicum (image source: rt international)21st century wire says new eye witness testimony indicates that the fbi and other federal agencies were never fired upon
 cuddle parties
 100 shots fired at passengers
"episode #119 of sunday wire show finally resumes this sunday jan. 24
"21st century wire says various parties in washington are quietly laying down the rhetorical tarmac for an increased us military operation in syria.recent remarks by us secretary of defense ash carter (see report below) in davos appear to dovetail with similar words yesterday from us vice president joe biden who stated
"21st century wire says for those who still refuse to entertain any michael hastings  boston breaks  conspiracy theories
"21st century wire says so far
"21st century wire says if you ve been following the protest and federal standoff outside of burns
"tune in to the alternate current radio network (acr) for another live broadcast of  the boiler room  starting at 6 pm pst | 9 pm est every wednesday. join us for uncensored
 loses custody of foster children"
"21st century wire says this week
" by dady chery and gilbert mercierall writers with a desire to rattle people out of their torpor occasionally wonder if it is worthwhile to continue to try to raise their voices over the din of lies and distractions.more and more for us
"vic bishop waking timesour reality is carefully constructed by powerful corporate
"paul craig robertsin the last years of the 20th century fraud entered us foreign policy in a new way.  on false pretenses washington dismantled yugoslavia and serbia in order to advance an undeclared agenda. in the 21st century this fraud multiplied many times. afghanistan
"robert fantina counterpunchalthough the united states is still ten months from its next exercise in electoral futility
"21st century wire says as 21wire reported earlier this week
 $0 for users"
"patrick henningsen  21st century wireremember when the obama administration told the world how it hoped to identify 5
"21st century wire says al jazeera america will go down in history as one of the biggest failures in broadcast media history.ever since the us and its allies began plotting to overthrow libya and syria
"21st century wire says as 21wire predicted in its new year s look ahead
 republicans flip their fiscal script"
"washington (reuters) - transgender people will be allowed for the first time to enlist in the u.s. military starting on monday as ordered by federal courts
"washington (reuters) - the special counsel investigation of links between russia and president trump’s 2016 election campaign should continue without interference in 2018
"washington (reuters) - trump campaign adviser george papadopoulos told an australian diplomat in may 2016 that russia had political dirt on democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton
"seattle/washington (reuters) - president donald trump called on the u.s. postal service on friday to charge “much more” to ship packages for amazon (amzn.o)
 congress prepare for talks on spending
 but timeline unclear: nyt"
 amazon"
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - alabama secretary of state john merrill said he will certify democratic senator-elect doug jones as winner on thursday despite opponent roy moore’s challenge
"(reuters) - alabama officials on thursday certified democrat doug jones the winner of the state’s u.s. senate race
"new york/washington (reuters) - the new u.s. tax code targets high-tax states and may be unconstitutional
 hillary clinton"
 iraq
" (in dec. 25 story
"(reuters) - a lottery drawing to settle a tied virginia legislative race that could shift the statehouse balance of power has been indefinitely postponed
"washington (reuters) - a georgian-american businessman who met then-miss universe pageant owner donald trump in 2013
 tax cut bill"
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeals court in washington on tuesday upheld a lower court’s decision to allow president donald trump’s commission investigating voter fraud to request data on voter rolls from u.s. states. the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit said the electronic privacy information center (epic) watchdog group
"(reuters) - a gift-wrapped package addressed to u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin’s home in a posh los angeles neighborhood that was suspected of being a bomb was instead filled with horse manure
"washington (reuters) - a federal judge in seattle partially blocked u.s. president donald trump’s newest restrictions on refugee admissions on saturday
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. justice department has issued new guidelines for immigration judges that remove some instructions for how to protect unaccompanied juveniles appearing in their courtrooms. a dec. 20 memo
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on friday said president donald trump’s hotly contested travel ban targeting people from six muslim-majority countries should not be applied to people with strong u.s. ties. the 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals
"washington (reuters) - a federal appeals court in washington on friday rejected a bid by president donald trump’s administration to prevent the u.s. military from accepting transgender recruits starting jan. 1
"lima (reuters) - peru’s president pedro pablo kuczynski could end up the surprise winner of an attempt to oust him from power this week
 government spending bills into law"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. financial regulators said on friday that because the new tax bill could make timely financial reporting difficult
 missile defense bill"
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico’s finance ministry will evaluate whether to make fiscal changes in response to the u.s. tax reform
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on friday said a shifting landscape will lead him to work with democrats on immigration and financial regulation early in the new year
"(reuters) - democrat doug jones’ surprise victory over republican roy moore in this month’s special u.s. senate election will be certified on dec. 28
"washington (reuters) - a summer spat between president donald trump and senate majority leader mitch mcconnell has turned into a warm embrace - and all it took was a sweeping rewrite of the u.s. tax code.     for months
"washington (reuters) - steve bannon
"vatican city (reuters) - callista gingrich
 a warning from voters in key district"
"(reuters) - the u.s. state department has told refugee agencies it will sharply pare back the number of offices across the country authorized to resettle people in 2018 as president donald trump cuts the number of refugees allowed into the united states. the announcement was made at a dec. 1 meeting in washington with state department officials and representatives from nine major refugee agencies
 sends trump stopgap spending bill"
"(reuters) - the u.s. congress on thursday approved a temporary funding bill to prevent federal agencies from shutting down at midnight friday when existing money was set to expire. the following are the major items that were debated on the legislation that president donald trump is expected to sign into law: the friday midnight deadline for action was the result of the republican-controlled congress failing to pass any of the regular appropriations bills for the fiscal year that began oct. 1. instead
 judge tosses suit on foreign payments"
"washington (reuters) - legislation to provide $81 billion in new disaster aid for u.s. states
 home sales"
"washington (reuters) - the ethics probe into u.s. representative blake farenthold
"new york (reuters) - a federal appeals court in virginia on thursday rejected a bid by president donald trump’s administration to prevent the u.s. military from accepting transgender recruits starting jan. 1. the administration had urged the appeals court to suspend an order by a federal judge in baltimore for the armed forces to begin accepting transgender recruits on that date. the administration has said the jan. 1 start date was causing the armed forces to scramble to revise their policies at the risk of harming military readiness.  in a brief two-paragraph order
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on thursday approved an $81 billion bill to help widespread recovery efforts from hurricanes and wildfires this year. by a vote of 251-169
"washington (reuters) - democrats in the u.s. house of representatives rallied behind special counsel robert mueller on thursday
"san francisco (reuters) - a second u.s. judge on thursday blocked president donald trump’s administration from enforcing new rules that undermine an obamacare requirement for employers to provide insurance that covers women’s birth control. u.s. district judge haywood gilliam jr. in oakland
"washington (reuters) - two u.s. senators on thursday urged federal authorities to halt the planned expansion of a $1 billion airport facial scanning program
"washington (reuters) - u.s. interior secretary ryan zinke on thursday launched an effort to reduce u.s. dependence on foreign supplies of critical minerals used in smartphones
 disaster aid bills advance in house"
"washington (reuters) - the leaders of the u.s. intelligence community on thursday pressed congress to renew the national security agency’s expiring surveillance law
washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump called on the republican congress to pass a short-term government spending bill later on thursday to avoid a shutdown when current funding expires at midnight on friday. republicans in the house of representatives have unveiled a stopgap spending bill that would allow the government to stay open at current funding levels. “pass the c.r. (continuing resolution) today and keep our government open!” trump wrote in a post on twitter.  
 delivering victory to trump"
"new york (reuters) - passage of a long-anticipated u.s. tax overhaul has up-ended the bond market’s favorite trade of the year as yields on some long-dated treasuries shot to their highest in months
"washington (reuters) - republican leaders in the u.s. house of representatives are working to build support to temporarily extend the national security agency’s expiring internet surveillance program by tucking it into a stop-gap funding measure
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
"boston (reuters) - u.s. immigration officials sought to block a federal judge’s order delaying efforts to deport 51 indonesians living illegally in new hampshire
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic senator al franken
"washington (reuters) - republican leaders in the u.s. house of representatives are working to build support to temporarily extend the national security agency’s expiring internet surveillance program by tucking it into a stop-gap funding measure
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the u.s. senate intelligence committee
"(reuters) - democratic-leaning states may take legal action to challenge the cap on deductions of state and local taxes under the sweeping overhaul of the u.s. tax code
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on wednesday said he would bring a “dreamers” immigration bill to the senate floor if bipartisan negotiations between senators and the trump administration produce an agreement by the end of january. mcconnell also said in a statement that he would offer the measure as a “free-standing vote
"washington (reuters) - sweeping tax code changes aimed at keeping u.s. companies from shifting profits offshore to avoid taxes will not affect the battered economy of puerto rico
"washington (reuters) - the tax bill is president donald trump’s biggest legislative victory this year
 virginia legislature's majority to be chosen by lot"
 opponents vow"
"(reuters) - senator john cornyn
 battle of the 'staceys' tests democrats' future"
" (corrects spelling of virginia house of delegates member david yancey throughout in this dec. 19 story.) by sharon bernstein (reuters) - virginia democrat shelly simonds won a seat in the house of delegates by one vote
"washington (reuters) - the fbi’s deputy director
"washington (reuters) - the white house expects the u.s. congress to soon waive a rule known as “paygo” that could trigger deep spending cuts in areas such as medicare and agriculture in order to cover the costs of the recently passed tax overhaul
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
"(reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives gave final approval on wednesday to a sweeping
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he believed the financial markets have not fully absorbed the tax cut changes in legislation expected to be passed by congress on wednesday. “they’re thinking that the market hasn’t fully digested what they’ve got here
"washington (reuters) - a short-term fix to fund the children’s health insurance program into january will likely be part of a stop-gap government funding bill congress is expected to approve this week
 not workers: critics"
"(reuters) - the u.s. tax overhaul as currently proposed will make housing less affordable
 healthcare service firms among winners from u.s. tax bill"
"washington (reuters) - eight months into his lifetime u.s. supreme court appointment
"washington (reuters) - two republican lawmakers told the u.s. department of justice on tuesday that they want to question three senior fbi officials about an investigation of then-democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton over her handling of classified information while she was secretary of state. the lawmakers
"washington (reuters) - near the end of president donald trump’s rocky first year in office
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress is struggling through another contentious week as infighting over defense spending
"(reuters) - the u.s. congress is weighing military spending
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate parliamentarian has ruled against three provision of the republican tax bill
 oks other nominees"
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 republican in the u.s. house of representatives said on tuesday the house would likely need to vote again on tax legislation on wednesday morning given that democrats in the senate were likely to prevail on a procedural objection. house majority leader kevin mccarthy advised house lawmakers that senate democrats were likely to object that the legislation fails to comply with the so-called byrd rule and were likely to be upheld
 senate next"
"washington (reuters) - the republican-led u.s. senate voted on tuesday to begin debate on sweeping tax legislation
"washington (reuters) - lawmakers of both parties are working on legislation that would make members of congress liable for settlements of sexual harassment claims against them
"washington (reuters) - a coalition of nearly 20 environmental and native american tribal groups sued the trump administration on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - steny hoyer
 his office confirms"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will vote on final tax legislation on tuesday evening
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. congress appeared all but certain to pass sweeping tax legislation this week after two senate republican holdouts agreed on monday to support a tax overhaul backed by president donald trump.   as the republicans’ self-imposed friday voting deadline loomed
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. district court judge ruled on monday that president donald trump’s administration must allow access to abortion for two pregnant teenagers who are in the country illegally
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives unveiled on monday an $81 billion aid package to deal with hurricanes and wildfires
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. house of representatives appropriations committee introduced a bill on monday to provide $81 billion in emergency aid for recent hurricanes and wildfires. the legislation includes $27.6 billion for the federal emergency management agency and $26.1 billion for community development block grants
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on monday said he plans to nominate liberty university school of law professor caren harp to oversee the justice department’s office of juvenile justice and delinquency prevention. if ultimately confirmed by the u.s. senate
 train accident
"washington (reuters) - two members of president donald trump’s cabinet are set to visit puerto rico on tuesday to assess the u.s. territory’s rebuilding in the three months since hurricane maria devastated homes
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will not consider an immigration bill as part of year-end legislation but will turn to a measure protecting immigrant youths known as “dreamers” in january
"washington (reuters) - democratic senator elizabeth warren is taking aim at budget chief mick mulvaney’s plan to fill the ranks of the u.s. consumer financial watchdog with political allies
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration said on monday that russia interferes in the domestic political affairs of countries globally
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator susan collins said on monday she would vote for the sweeping tax overhaul her party’s leaders hope to push through congress this week
"washington () - the top democrat on the senate environment committee on monday asked the environmental protection agency’s internal watchdog to audit a recent trip to morocco by the agency’s head to determine if it was in line with the epa’s mission. epa administrator scott pruitt
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator mike lee of utah said on monday that he will support legislation to overhaul the u.s. tax system
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump unveiled a new national security strategy on monday
"washington (reuters) - a lawyer nominated by president donald trump to serve as a federal judge withdrew from consideration on monday after video of his senate confirmation hearing showing him unable to provide answers to rudimentary legal questions went viral last week. trump accepted matthew petersen’s offer to withdraw his nomination as a district court judge in washington
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on monday that the derailment of a train
 voting next week"
"(reuters) - the u.s. congress is expected to vote this week on sweeping
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on saturday defended a republican tax-cut plan against democratic charges that it favors the rich
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives is expected to vote on sweeping tax legislation early tuesday afternoon
"washington (reuters) - white house legislative director marc short said he expects congress to pass a short-term spending bill to fund the federal government at least into january
"new york (reuters) - financial advisers and accountants are working overtime as many u.s. taxpayers scramble to pay the rest of their 2017 taxes before jan. 1 when the proposed republican tax overhaul would sharply cut the amount they can deduct on federal tax bills.  the tax legislation
"washington (reuters) - top u.s. republicans said on sunday they expected congress to pass a tax code overhaul this week
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator john mccain is expected to miss an upcoming vote on a tax code overhaul
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - an organization established for u.s. president donald trump’s transition to the white house said on saturday the special counsel investigating allegations of russian meddling in the 2016 election had obtained tens of thousands of emails unlawfully. kory langhofer
"washington (reuters) - democrat doug jones
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration has told agencies within the department of health and human services to avoid using certain words or phrases in official documents being drafted for next year’s budget
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative ruben kihuen announced on saturday that he will not seek re-election
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will lay out a new u.s. national security strategy on monday based on his “america first” policy and will
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - a compromise republican tax bill released late friday does not eliminate a $7
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. senate democrat said on friday he would force a vote on the federal communications commission’s decision to repeal landmark net neutrality rules
 second congressman denies charges"
"washington (reuters) - prominent republican senators on thursday embraced a push to overhaul rules for addressing sexual harassment in the u.s. congress
 enrichment a worry"
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. district court judge on friday said she would release former trump campaign manager paul manafort from house arrest once he meets certain conditions
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator bob corker
"washington (reuters) - republican senator marco rubio signaled his support for a sweeping tax bill on friday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican representative kristi noem said on friday that the refundable portion of an expanded child tax credit in the tax bill under negotiation on capitol has risen to $1
washington (reuters) - the chief tax writer in the u.s. house of representatives said on friday that republicans had finalized a tax bill they hope to vote on next week and that details would be released in a “few hours.” house ways and means committee chairman kevin brady told reporters the text of the bill would be posted when the house comes into session at 5:30 p.m. (2230 gmt) on friday. 
 citing sources"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. senator ted cruz wants to place a cap of 10 cents each on renewable fuel credits - a fraction of their current value - to help u.s. refiners cope with the nation’s biofuels policy
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration put new requirements in place on friday for the 38 countries participating in the u.s. visa waiver program
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump called on fellow republican roy moore on friday to concede to democrat doug jones in the alabama u.s. senate race
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. federal communications commission vote on thursday to roll back net neutrality rules could galvanize young voters
 more senators waver"
 federal regulations"
"washington (reuters) - members of the u.s. house intelligence committee on thursday interviewed the head of a data analysis firm to determine whether donald trump’s election campaign team sought his help to find thousands of emails missing from hillary clinton’s private server
"washington (reuters) - republican governors from four u.s. states on thursday met with vice president mike pence to voice deep concerns over proposed changes to nafta that could affect jobs and manufacturing in their states
"(reuters) - republicans in the u.s. congress reached a deal on tax legislation on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - republican house speaker paul ryan has told confidants he would like to retire after the 2018 congressional elections
"austin
"washington (reuters) - alabama democrat doug jones
"new york (reuters) - the surprise victory by democrats in tuesday’s alabama election for a u.s. senator is prompting fund managers to prepare for more losses by the republican party in the 2018 mid-term congressional elections.  fund managers from federated investors
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. congress reached a deal this week on a final version of their debt-financed legislation to cut taxes for businesses and wealthy americans
"washington (reuters) - house speaker paul ryan has told president donald trump a report on thursday that ryan was considering retiring was not true
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday it would continue to work with republican senator marco rubio as he seeks a further expansion of a child tax credit in a tax overhaul bill
 seeks child credit changes: aide"
 sources say"
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. house of representatives ways and means committee indicated on thursday that a republican tax bill will allow property and income or sales taxes to be deducted under the state and local income tax deduction. republican representative kevin brady
"washington (reuters) - republican senator john mccain
" (in this dec. 13 story
 tillis oppose trump's epa nominee dourson: reports"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence will delay an upcoming middle east trip by a few days in case a tie-breaking vote is needed from him for tax cut legislation in congress
"(reuters) - kentucky state representative dan johnson
 wednesday: cnbc"
 as congress' russia probes press on"
"washington (reuters) - since mid-2016
 final votes seen next week"
"washington (reuters) - democrats said on wednesday their u.s. senate victory in alabama could lead to a sweeping comeback for the party in 2018 elections
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s eldest son met with the u.s. senate intelligence committee on wednesday as part of the panel’s investigation into russia
"(reuters) - republicans in the u.s. congress reached a deal on final tax legislation on wednesday
"(reuters) - republicans in the u.s. congress reached a deal on final tax legislation on wednesday
"(reuters) - minnesota’s democratic lieutenant governor tina smith was appointed as u.s. senator on wednesday to replace al franken
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. house appropriations committee on wednesday introduced a bill to fund the government until jan. 19 while congress works on longer-term legislation
"washington (reuters) - u.s. deputy attorney general rod rosenstein on wednesday dismissed republican lawmakers’ charges that government attorneys and agents investigating allegations of russian interference in the 2016 election are biased against president donald trump. republicans have attacked special counsel robert mueller
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain was undergoing treatment at a military hospital outside washington for side effects of cancer therapy
"washington (reuters) - a firm that commissioned a “dossier” detailing links between then-presidential candidate donald trump’s campaign and russia said in a court filing that republicans leaked the company’s banking data to the media for partisan political purposes. democrats have said republicans use leaks to undermine investigations into trump’s campaign both by congress and special counsel robert mueller. republicans have accused democrats of leaking information to undermine the trump administration. republican attacks on mueller’s probe of u.s. allegations that russia interfered in the 2016 election to help trump and possible collusion with moscow officials have included efforts to discredit the dossier. the kremlin denies the allegations of meddling and trump denies any collusion. fusion gps
"washington (reuters) - two of president donald trump’s judicial nominees will not be confirmed by the republican-controlled u.s. senate following criticism over controversial statements they made
"london (reuters) - the u.s. embassy in london moves next month to a new billion-dollar home overlooking the river thames — just as u.s. president donald trump’s actions have placed strains on the “special relationship” between britain and the united states. britain’s closest ally will leave behind an imposing 1960 stone and concrete embassy in london’s upmarket grosvenor square — an area known as ‘little america’ during world war two
 websites say nfl redskins renamed as redhawks"
 democrats see new prospects in u.s. south"
"washington (reuters) - senate democratic leader chuck schumer on wednesday called on republicans to delay a vote on pending tax overhaul legislation until the new u.s. senator from alabama
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator bob corker on wednesday said he was still undecided on whether to support his party’s tax legislation even as congressional republicans announced a deal on a final plan.  corker
"washington (reuters) - virginia officials started recounts on wednesday in the first of four state house of delegates races
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on wednesday he would accept a corporate tax rate of 21 percent and would sign a bill with that number. the white house has previously said it preferred a 20 percent tax rate for corporations
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate finance committee chairman orrin hatch said on wednesday that republicans in the senate and house of representatives had reached a deal on tax reform legislation. asked by reporters
"washington (reuters) - the top republican in the u.s. house of representatives said on wednesday that congress was working on a package of reforms that would prohibit using taxpayer money for settlements in sexual harassment claims lodged against lawmakers’ offices. “that’s among the things we’re working on right now
"washington (reuters) - republican leaders in the u.s. senate and house of representatives have reached an agreement in principle on tax reform legislation
"washington (reuters) - omarosa manigault newman
"new york (reuters) - democrat doug jones won a bitter fight for a u.s. senate seat in deeply conservative alabama on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat in the u.s. senate said bipartisan negotiations to protect undocumented people who immigrated to the united states as children were making very good progress
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator kirsten gillibrand fired back at president donald trump on tuesday and said she would not be silenced after he attacked her on twitter for calling for an investigation into accusations of sexual harassment and misconduct against him. six u.s. senators
"washington (reuters) - in backing roy moore in alabama’s u.s. senate race even though the candidate faced allegations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls
"(reuters) - senior fbi officials who helped probe donald trump’s 2016 presidential campaign told a colleague that democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton had to win the race to the white house
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump congratulated democrat doug jones on tuesday for winning a bitter u.s. senate race in alabama against the republican candidate the president backed.  in a tweet
 principle guide women voters in roy moore's alabama hometown"
"(reuters) - democrat doug jones won alabama’s election for the u.s. senate on tuesday
 kirsten gillibrand
"washington (reuters) - crucial details of the republican tax plan
"washington (reuters) - rex tillerson
 senate tax cut negotiators wednesday: white house"
 pause obamacare taxes"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump signed into law on tuesday legislation that bans the use of kaspersky lab within the u.s. government
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the u.s. senate committee that handles judicial nominations on tuesday raised concerns about two of president donald trump’s picks for lower court positions
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. district court judge ordered special counsel robert mueller on tuesday to turn over any potential evidence that could be material for when he sentences president donald trump’s former national security adviser
 leave decision to trump"
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan push in the senate to protect undocumented people who immigrated to the united states as children is gaining momentum as lawmakers try to wrap up negotiations
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer said on tuesday that president donald trump’s tweeted attack on senator kirsten gillibrand was “nasty
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on tuesday defended a one-page analysis by the treasury department that asserted a tax plan pushed by the republican-led congress would pay for itself in 10 years. “i think that estimate makes a lot of sense. ... i do believe the treasury when they say that this is going to unleash a lot of economic growth
"washington (reuters) - senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on monday he was confident the u.s. congress would be able to reach an agreement to fund the government when the current spending bill ends on dec. 22 and that there would be no forced government shutdown. “there isn’t any chance we are going to shut the government down. we’re in discussions
"(reuters) - the white house will host talks between the rival oil and ethanol industries on wednesday in hopes of brokering a deal to help refiners struggling to meet the country’s biofuels policy
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will announce a new security strategy on monday
 urges u.s. congress to fund it"
 mostly in defense"
" (corrects paragraph 7 to show trump issued a warning on travel to cuba
"birmingham
"new york (reuters) - three women who have accused u.s. president donald trump of sexual misconduct called on monday for a congressional investigation into his behavior amid a wave of similar accusations against prominent men in hollywood
"washington (reuters) - more than 50 female democratic lawmakers in the u.s. house of representatives called on monday for a congressional investigation into allegations by various women of sexual misconduct against president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. federal judge on monday issued a stern warning to president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort   to refrain from making statements to the media that could harm his right to a fair trial. u.s. district judge amy berman jackson chided manafort for ghost-writing an opinion piece that was published last week in the kyiv post
 judge rules"
"washington (reuters) - a company promoting a plan for the united states and russia to jointly build nuclear reactors in the middle east denied in a letter made public on monday that its director received an inauguration day text message from incoming national security adviser michael flynn saying the project was “good to go.” citing a confidential informant
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. treasury department on monday released a one-page analysis of the economic and fiscal impact of a republican tax overhaul plan that was swiftly criticized by a number of tax experts and attacked as “fake math” by democrats. treasury said the tax plan would more than pay for itself in 10 years
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin on monday announced cash management measures to avoid a u.s. default. in a letter to house of representatives speaker paul ryan
"(reuters) - three of the women who have accused u.s. president donald trump of sexual misconduct called on monday for a congressional probe of his behavior amid similar accusations against powerful men in  hollywood
"washington/new york (reuters) - as republicans in the u.s. congress rush to finish their tax plan
"washington (reuters) - the white house on monday said the justice department was reviewing its options after a federal judge denied a request by president donald trump’s administration to enforce his ban on transgender troops while the government appeals an order blocking it. “the department of justice is currently reviewing the legal options to ensure the president’s directive is implemented
 even if trump is target"
 search to narrow"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will deliver a speech on the plan to overhaul the nation’s tax code on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - incoming federal reserve chair jerome powell
"washington (reuters) - the campaign of roy moore
"lower merion
"pensacola
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator susan collins
"jackson
"kiev (reuters) - the author of an article that u.s. special counsel robert mueller believes trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort ghost-wrote in violation of a gag order said on saturday he had sought input on the op-ed before publishing to avoid errors. on friday
"washington (reuters on friday ) - u.s. special counsel robert mueller late on friday unveiled a trove of evidence against president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort to convince a judge that he violated a gag order by ghost-writing an article to bolster his public image. the evidence mueller revealed in a filing
 but admissions still plummet
 roy moore
"washington/new york (reuters) - federal appeals court judges on friday asked about president donald trump’s sharing of anti-muslim videos on his twitter account
"london (reuters) - u.s. congressional committee members warned on friday that washington’s funding of the world health organization’s cancer research agency could be halted unless it is more open about its operations. in a letter to the france-based international agency for research on cancer (iarc) - a semi-autonomous unit of the who - the u.s. house of representatives science
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s deputy national security adviser for strategy
"washington (reuters) - u.s. special counsel robert mueller unveiled a trove of documents on friday showing what he said was “irrefutable evidence” that president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort violated a court gag order by ghost-writing an opinion piece designed to improve his public image. in a 41-page court filing
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on friday added a second case to its docket on a contentious issue that could have major consequences for american elections
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s administration called two lawmakers from the u.s. corn belt to convince them to join talks about potential changes to biofuels policy to ease the burden on oil refineries
"washington (reuters) - walid phares
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative cathy mcmorris rodgers
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative trent franks said on friday that he would resign from congress effective immediately
"washington (reuters) - even before completing their overhaul of the u.s. tax code
"washington (reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder said on friday the state would hold a special election on nov. 6
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday signed legislation to fund the federal government for two weeks
"new york (reuters) - investors looking for the u.s. republican tax bill to prompt multinational companies to convert foreign profits into dollars and end the worst slide in the greenback in a decade may have to temper their hopes for a prolonged rebound. the plan
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s weekend remark about a scaled-back tax cut for corporations sparked behind-the-scenes debate in the u.s. congress
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic senator al franken announced his resignation on thursday after facing a series of sexual misconduct allegations
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. representative trent franks said on thursday he would resign after two female staffers complained that he had discussed surrogacy with them. franks
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s weekend remark about a scaled-back tax cut for corporations sparked behind-the-scenes debate in the u.s. congress
 gift write-offs under u.s. tax bill: study"
" (this version of the dec 6 story corrects paragraph 3 and adds new paragraph 4 to clarify the nature of u.s. sanctions) by patricia zengerle washington (reuters) - erik prince
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress moved rapidly on thursday to send president donald trump a short-term funding bill to avert a government shutdown this weekend
"(reuters) - longtime u.s. congressman from georgia john lewis
"(reuters) - the u.s. district court for the district of columbia judge presiding over the criminal case for president donald trump’s former national security adviser michael flynn has been recused from handling the case
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives ethics committee said on thursday it was investigating republican representative blake farenthold over allegations of sexual harassment
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives ethics committee on thursday cleared the chairman of the house intelligence committee of charges that he had disclosed classified information
 special counsel mueller tussle over ukrainian op-ed"
 avert shutdown"
 senators say after meeting"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort did not violate a court gag order when he helped edit an opinion piece about his political work in ukraine
 trump wants 20 percent corporate tax"
"tripoli (reuters) - libya’s internationally recognized government has appealed to the united states to drop or ease a travel ban imposed on its citizens by u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi said on thursday her party would not support a short-term funding bill being brought up for a vote later in the day because it did not include any key democratic priorities. pelosi said democrats were seeking funding for fighting opioid addiction
 official"
"washington (reuters) - the director of the federal bureau of investigation defended his  employees on thursday against a growing chorus of accusations by republicans
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that donald trump jr. was on solid legal ground when he refused to answer questions from a congressional committee about a conversation he had with his father
"washington (reuters) - the senate on thursday confirmed the environmental protection agency’s third high-level official after administrator scott pruitt
"washington (reuters) - legislation to extend funding for the u.s. government through dec. 22 and avert agency shutdowns on saturday cleared a procedural hurdle in the house of representatives on thursday
"new york (lpc/ifr) - u.s. regulators said they are open to revising restrictions on leveraged lending
"(reuters) - the white house said on thursday it was focusing on getting the lowest corporate rate possible in tax reform legislation being considered on capitol hill. “fifteen (percent) is better than 20
"(reuters) - a bipartisan group of u.s. lawmakers has introduced a bill that would ban agreements to keep sexual harassment and discrimination claims out of court
 wants budget cap talks"
 citing sources"
 expedite anwr permits"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic senator al franken
 announcement looms"
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration on wednesday said it would oppose public sector unions in a major case currently before the u.s. supreme court
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s eldest son
"washington (reuters) - a group of democratic lawmakers on wednesday wrote to jared kushner
"washington (reuters) - as president donald trump delivered his inaugural address on capitol hill in january
 california's wildfires"
"seattle/san francisco (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on wednesday wrestled with a bid by president donald trump to show that his latest travel ban targeting people from six muslim-majority countries is legal. the 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals hearing in seattle came two days after the u.s. supreme court allowed trump’s travel ban to take effect while litigation over its ultimate validity unfolds.  the ban targets people from chad
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday again raised the possibility of a u.s. government shutdown - blaming democrats for that possible outcome - one day before he is due to host republican and democratic congressional leaders for talks on spending bills. trump and congress are facing a deadline of friday at midnight to pass fresh spending legislation. if they cannot agree on the terms
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump would sign a stop-gap spending measure funding the government through dec. 22 that is being considered by the house of representatives
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans agreed to talks with the house of representatives on sweeping tax legislation on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - people would be able to bring legal
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic senator al franken
 tech"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump hopes to find a way to avert a government shutdown later this week in a thursday meeting with republican and democratic lawmakers
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted on wednesday to go to a conference committee to resolve differences between its tax legislation and a rival version passed by the house of representatives
"birmingham
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. senate finance committee said on wednesday a final tax bill republicans hope to get to president donald trump by christmas likely will not retain a corporate alternative minimum tax. “right now it doesn’t look like it but you never know
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions on wednesday called on the nation’s immigration courts to decide cases more efficiently
"washington (reuters) - utah republicans on wednesday rallied around mitt romney
" sacramento
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department said wednesday it is seeking a warrant so it can seize an ancient ring believed to be trafficked by the islamic state of iraq and syria
"(reuters) - u.s. senator dick durbin
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress may be able to wrap up tax negotiations before dec. 22 and send a final bill to president donald trump
 facing resignation calls
"(reuters) - a day after president donald trump endorsed u.s. senate candidate roy moore of alabama
 tillerson says of reports he will be fired"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said the senate will  vote later on wednesday on whether to send its tax legislation to a conference to hammer out differences with the u.s. house of representatives’ version of the plan.  speaking on the chamber’s floor
 protests"
"washington (reuters) - democrats have a rare chance to win major concessions in a u.s. congress they do not control by taking advantage of a battle within the republican party over keeping the government open.  with a friday deadline looming when most funding for federal agencies runs out
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - republicans in u.s. house of representatives began staking out their positions on final tax legislation on tuesday
"(reuters) - the republican party will resume funding the u.s. senate campaign of roy moore after president donald trump endorsed the alabama republican
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on tuesday confirmed president donald trump’s choice to lead the department of homeland security (dhs)
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives voted on tuesday to sharply reduce the annual $300 million in u.s. aid to the palestinian authority unless it take steps to stop making what lawmakers described as payments that reward violent crime. the house backed by voice vote the taylor force act
" frankfurt/washington (reuters) - a u.s. federal investigator probing alleged russian interference in the 2016 u.s. presidential election asked deutsche bank (dbkgn.de) for data on accounts held by president donald trump and his family
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate committee advanced legislation tuesday that would ease financial rules for banks for the first time since the 2007-2009 financial crisis. the banking committee advanced the legislative package by a vote of 16 to 7
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s lawyers told a new york state judge on tuesday that under the u.s. constitution she had no jurisdiction over the president and therefore urged her to dismiss a defamation lawsuit by a woman who has accused trump of sexual harassment. the lawsuit by summer zervos
"washington (reuters) - u.s. special counsel robert mueller’s office has spent about $3.2 million in the first 4-1/2 months of its investigation into russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election
"washington (reuters) - a federal credit union has sued to block president donald trump from installing mick mulvaney as his preferred head of the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau. citing “regulatory chaos” caused by the fight over who is the legal leader of the regulator
"washington (reuters) - democrat john conyers
"washington (reuters) - the chief republican tax writer in the u.s. house of representatives said on tuesday that house republicans want tax legislation to eliminate the corporate and individual alternative minimum taxes. “house members ... feel strongly that the house position should be to repeal permanently both the individual and the corporate
"washington (reuters) - as the u.s. congress worked to reach agreement on a short-term spending measure to keep the federal government open
" ((this december 4 story has been corrected to change “last year” to 2015 in sixth paragraph
"washington (reuters) - a lawyer for u.s. president donald trump said on tuesday that deutsche bank (dbkgn.de) has not received any subpoena for financial records relating to the president or his family as part of the special counsel’s russia probe. “we have confirmed that the news reports that the special counsel had subpoenaed financial records relating to the president are false
 'pretty quickly'"
 obama dominate twitter year
"washington (reuters) - the nomination to be ambassador to singapore of k.t. mcfarland
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives were in discussions on tuesday about how long to fund the federal government in a short-term spending measure expected to come to a vote as early as wednesday.  “i feel like we’re going to have a majority... for passing the cr (spending measure) we have this week
"washington (reuters) - republican leaders are aiming to send their tax bill to president donald trump for his signature by the end of the year. to do that
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson delivered a message of support to european allies in brussels on tuesday but their concerns about president donald trump’s foreign policy have created a rift on a host of issues. european allies are troubled by trump’s “america first” rhetoric
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. house of representatives’ tax-writing panel on tuesday said he would push to make tax rate cuts for individuals more permanent as the house and senate reconcile their two versions of a sweeping tax overhaul. house ways and means committee chairman kevin brady
"(reuters) - the republican party will resume funding the embattled u.s. senate campaign of roy moore after president donald trump endorsed the alabama republican
 tillerson offers eu strong u.s. support"
"brussels (reuters) - the european union’s top diplomat
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday handed a victory to president donald trump by allowing his latest travel ban targeting people from six muslim-majority countries to go into full effect even as legal challenges continue in lower courts. the nine-member court
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives voted on monday to go to conference on tax legislation with the senate
 republicans in talks to avert government shutdown"
"washington (reuters) - the special counsel investigating russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election on monday accused president donald trump’s former campaign manager
 former partner due before house panel this week: source"
 trump says he wants hatch to run for re-election"
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s personal lawyer’s legal arguments in defense of the president’s tweets about former u.s. national security advisor michael flynn have been greeted with some skepticism by legal experts. in seeking to explain a trump tweet on saturday lawyer john dowd told reuters on sunday that he wrote and “bollixed up” the president’s tweet in which trump said he fired michael flynn for lying to the fbi and not just misleading u.s. vice president mike pence.  some observers have said the tweet showed trump knew flynn had committed a crime and sought to obstruct justice by
"new york (reuters) - a democratic u.s. senator is backing away from a proposed legislative tweak that would have helped big banks lessen their capital burden
 senate republicans face challenge over corporate amt tax"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate michael griffin
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on monday his former national security adviser
"aboard air force one (reuters) - president donald trump will not announce a decision on monday on whether he will again delay moving the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem
"washington (reuters) - mick mulvaney
"(reuters) - richard cordray
 liberal republican who challenged reagan
"islamabad (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis met pakistan’s civilian and military leaders on monday and urged them to “redouble” their efforts to rein in militants accused of using the country as a base to carry out attacks in neighboring afghanistan. mattis
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump endorsed u.s. senate candidate roy moore on monday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department has certified that the honduran government has been fighting corruption and supporting human rights
 possibly blocking a romney bid"
"(reuters) - federal appeals courts in the states of washington and virginia are set to hear arguments this week on the legality of president donald trump’s most recent travel ban
"washington (reuters) - democratic leaders in congress said on monday they had accepted an invitation from president donald trump to meet with him and republican leaders to discuss year-end legislative priorities
 endorsed his senate campaign"
"boston (reuters) - massachusetts senate president stan rosenberg is taking a temporary leave of absence as his husband faces allegations that he used his political connections to sexually harass men. rosenberg
"washington/new york (reuters) - a series of tweets by u.s. president donald trump about the investigation into contacts between his 2016 campaign and russia prompted concerns on sunday among both democratic and republican lawmakers
 cooperates with u.s. probe"
" (the dec. 1 story was refiled to correct gates’ first name to richard in paragraph 3) (reuters) - michael flynn’s plea of guilty on friday to lying to the federal bureau of investigation made him the fourth person known to be charged in a u.s. justice department investigation of ties between president donald trump’s 2016 election campaign and russia. the other three known to be charged by special counsel robert mueller’s probe are: ** former trump campaign manager paul manafort and richard gates. a grand jury in october indicted manafort
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on sunday that he is optimistic the senate and house of representatives will reach a conference agreement on tax legislation that can be signed into law by president donald trump. “we’ll be able to get to an agreement in the conference. i’m very optimistic about it
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans made last-minute changes to their tax bill to secure enough votes to pass the sweeping legislation on saturday and move on to negotiations this week on a final measure with republicans in the house of representatives. the deals enabled leadership to get four wavering republican senators on board with the legislation by addressing issues such as deductions for state and local property taxes and the tax treatment of so-called pass-through enterprises.  republicans also agreed to changes to help pay for the deals
"washington (reuters) - the alternative minimum tax on corporations
 stock market"
"moscow (reuters) - the u.s. embassy to russia said on monday it would restart some visa services in u.s. consulates which it had previously canceled due to diplomatic expulsions that had left it short-staffed. the united states began to scale back its visa services in russia in august
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on monday russian president vladimir putin had taken a decision to hold off responding to new u.s. sanctions last year independently and had not been influenced by former u.s. national security adviser michael flynn. flynn pleaded guilty on friday to lying to the fbi about his contacts with russia and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors delving into the actions of president donald trump’s inner circle before he took office. u.s. prosecutors said flynn and sergei kislyak
"washington (reuters) - former nbc television host billy bush accused u.s. president donald trump of “indulging in some revisionist history” for reportedly telling allies it was not his voice making lewd remarks as the men waited to film a segment for “access hollywood” in 2005. “he said it. ‘grab ‘em by the pussy
"washington (reuters) - embattled republican u.s. senate candidate roy moore led his democratic opponent by six percentage points in a cbs news poll released on sunday
"brussels/berlin (reuters) - on the eve of his trip to europe
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on sunday it would be “ridiculous” for a fight with democrats over immigration issues to result in a standoff over a year-end spending bill and prompt a shutdown of the federal government. “there’s not going to be a government shutdown
(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said in a tweet on sunday he never asked former fbi director james comey to stop investigating former national security adviser michael flynn. flynn is the first member of trump’s administration to plead guilty to a crime uncovered by special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into russian attempts to influence last year’s u.s. presidential election. trump fired comey from his post in may. “i never asked comey to stop investigating flynn. just more fake news covering another comey lie!” trump tweeted.  
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s personal lawyer took responsibility on sunday for a tweet about the firing of former national security adviser michael flynn
"washington (reuters) - the white house is willing to consider a small increase on the corporate tax rate if it is needed to finalize the bill in the u.s. congress
 says his actions during transition were lawful"
"washington (reuters) - the special counsel examining alleged russian interference in the 2016 u.s. presidential election removed a top fbi investigator from his team for exchanging text messages with a colleague that expressed anti-trump views
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on saturday denied that he was leaving his post to be replaced by cia director mike pompeo. asked if there was any truth to the multiple reports about him this week
"washington (reuters) - abc news said on saturday it had suspended brian ross
"washington (reuters) - the sweeping tax overhaul that passed the u.s. senate on saturday contains the republicans’ biggest blow yet to former president barack obama’s healthcare law
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate narrowly approved a tax overhaul on saturday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative sander levin of michigan said on saturday he would not run for reelection next year
washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on saturday the actions of his former national security adviser michael flynn after the 2016 election were “lawful”. flynn on friday pleaded guilty to lying to the fbi and agreed to cooperate with special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into possible collusion between russia and trump’s 2016 presidential election campaign. “i had to fire general flynn because he lied to the vice president and the fbi. he has pled guilty to those lies. it is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. there was nothing to hide!” trump said in a tweet. 
"washington (reuters) - when republicans tried to repeal and replace obamacare over the summer
"washington (reuters) - six more u.s. senators signed on to support a sweeping republican tax bill on friday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans were considering a raft of last-minute changes to their sweeping tax bill on friday
"washington (reuters) - backers of a u.s.-russian plan to build nuclear reactors across the middle east bragged after the u.s. election they had backing from donald trump’s national security adviser michael flynn for a project that required lifting sanctions on russia
 tax cuts
"washington (reuters) - the disputed acting director of the consumer financial protection bureau said in a court filing on friday that she plans to seek a preliminary injunction against rival acting director mick mulvaney and the trump administration by dec. 5. president donald trump named mulvaney
 kushner targeted several states in failed u.n. lobbying: diplomats"
"detroit (reuters) - the question of whether u.s. representative john conyers may resign in the face of sexual harassment allegations will be addressed in the “next day or so
"washington (reuters) - the senate intelligence panel’s top democrat on friday said lawmakers will want to again interview u.s. president donald trump’s son-in-law turned white house adviser jared kushner in the wake of former adviser michael flynn’s guilty plea as part of the u.s. special counsel’s investigation.  “there are a number
"washington (reuters) - a former u.s. national security agency employee pleaded guilty on friday to illegally taking classified information outside the spy agency that an intelligence official said was later stolen from his home computer by russian hackers. nghia hoang pho
 former trump adviser mcfarland spoke with flynn about russia contacts: cnn"
"washington (reuters) - pennsylvania’s attorney general is leading the charge among his democratic peers preparing to shore up protections for borrowers and savers while president donald trump follows through on a pledge to defang a powerful consumer finance watchdog. since he was sworn in january
"washington (reuters) - more than half of the registered lobbyists in washington have worked on tax issues in 2017
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator bob corker said on friday he cannot support a sweeping tax bill that senate republican leaders have said has enough votes to pass. “at the end of the day
 big gains: the stocks poised to win from tax cuts"
"(reuters) - the legal document charging michael flynn with lying to the federal bureau of investigation lays out a chronology of events connected with the offense that the former u.s. national security adviser pleaded guilty to on friday. here is a timeline based on the document
"washington (reuters) - republican senator susan collins will vote for a senate tax bill
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson is not leaving
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house panel on friday approved legislation that would renew the national security agency’s warrantless internet surveillance program
"boston (reuters) - the massachusetts state senate on friday prepared to open an independent probe into accusations that majority leader stanley rosenberg’s husband used his political connections to sexually harass men
"washington (reuters) - jared kushner
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives ethics committee has begun a sweeping probe into possible sexual harassment and discrimination by the chamber’s 434 lawmakers and their staff
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator steve daines of montana
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 u.s. senate republican john cornyn said on friday he was confident republicans have the 50 votes necessary to pass a tax overhaul bill in the chamber. “we are confident of the 50 and would like to build on that
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on friday republicans had enough votes to pass a tax overhaul bill in the senate. “we have the votes
"washington (reuters) - two days after a federal court endorsed president donald trump’s deregulatory pick for a consumer watchdog
"washington (reuters) - the united states remains committed to the libyan political agreement
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. national security adviser michael flynn on friday pleaded guilty to lying to the federal bureau of investigation
"(reuters) - michael flynn
"washington (reuters) - the guilty plea entered by former u.s. national security adviser michael flynn to a charge of lying to the fbi implicates flynn alone
 in best interest of u.s."
"washington (reuters) - michael flynn
" (refiles nov. 30 story to cut extraneous word ‘against’ in 2nd paragraph; corrects garbled sentence in paragraph 17) by katanga johnson and makini brice washington (reuters) - charles “chuck” johnson is not the kind of foot soldier in the army of lobbyists that house of representatives speaker paul ryan warned would descend on washington to fight the biggest overhaul of the tax code since the 1980s. johnson
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson’s expected exit from the  trump administration is one of many staff changes likely as president donald trump nears the end of his first year in office
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on friday dismissed reports that the white house is weighing a plan under which he would be replaced by cia director mike pompeo as “laughable.” media reports on thursday
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has agreed to meet with representatives of the oil refining industry and their legislative backers to discuss the nation’s biofuels program
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday delayed voting on a republican tax overhaul as the bill was tripped up by problems with an amendment sought by fiscal hawks to address a large expansion of the federal budget deficit projected to result from the measure. the senate debated the legislation late into thursday and adjourned
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is considering recognition of jerusalem as israel’s capital
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions refused to answer questions on thursday during a closed congressional hearing about whether president donald trump ever instructed him to hinder the justice department’s investigation into russian interference in the 2016 election
"washington (reuters) - the three top democrats in the u.s. house of representatives  called on democratic congressman john conyers on thursday to resign in light of the sexual harassment allegations he faces
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump repeatedly urged senior senate republicans over the summer to end the senate intelligence committee’s probe into russian meddling in the 2016 election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump plans to nominate jelena mcwilliams
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is considering a plan to oust secretary of state rex tillerson
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate ethics committee said on thursday it has opened a preliminary inquiry into alleged misconduct by senator al franken
"washington (reuters) - if he becomes u.s. secretary of state
' new options weighed"
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon will indefinitely delay a ban on the use of older types of cluster bombs due to take effect on jan. 1
"washington - some key u.s. senators still had concerns about the republican tax bill in the senate
"washington (reuters) - the republican tax bill would generate a net $407 billion in new revenue from economic growth
"washington (reuters) - the senate banking committee will vote on tuesday on the nomination of federal reserve governor jerome powell to lead the u.s. central bank
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis dismissed reports on thursday that president donald trump was considering a plan to oust secretary of state rex tillerson. asked what he made of tillerson’s reported pending departure
"san francisco (reuters) - a german man has come forward as the former twitter inc employee who shut down the account of u.s. president donald trump for 11 minutes this month on his last day of work at the social network.  the technology news website techcrunch published an interview on wednesday with bahtiyar duysak
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has accepted an invitation by congress to deliver a state of the union address on jan. 30
"washington (reuters) - rex tillerson will remain as u.s. secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort has agreed to an $11.65 million bail agreement with the special counsel investigating trump campaign ties to russia
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s push for a major military buildup suffered a setback on thursday when the house of representatives put plans on hold to fully fund the federal government through next sept. 30 and instead resorted to temporary measures freezing spending at current levels. with a dec. 8 deadline rapidly approaching for either extending federal funding in some way or triggering a partial government shutdown
"washington (reuters) - a spate of sexual misconduct accusations against u.s. politicians and other powerful men will force candidates for the november 2018 congressional elections to weigh more carefully than ever whether their past behavior could doom their chances.  following allegations against republican u.s. senate candidate roy moore
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. treasury would exhaust all of its borrowing options and run dry of cash to pay its bills by late march or early april if congress does not raise the debt ceiling before then
 expected to replace tillerson"
"austin
"(reuters) - democratic representative john conyers
"(reuters) - the revolving door at the trump white house was ready to spin again as senior administration officials said on thursday there is a plan to replace u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson with central intelligence agency chief mike pompeo within weeks.   the following is a partial list of officials who have been fired or have left the administration in the 10 months since president donald trump took office on jan. 20
 senator corker says"
 trump's likely pick for cia"
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that rex tillerson remains the u.s. secretary of state despite reports of his upcoming departure
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday delayed voting on a republican tax overhaul as the bill was tripped up by problems with an amendment sought by fiscal hawks to address a large expansion of the federal budget deficit projected to result from the measure. the senate debated the legislation late into thursday and adjourned
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house democratic leader nancy pelosi said on thursday that representative john conyers should resign after sexual harassment allegations were brought against him
"london (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump sparked outrage in britain on thursday with a sharp rebuke of prime minister theresa may on twitter after she criticized him for retweeting british far-right anti-islam videos.   as british politicians lined up to condemn trump for sharing videos originally posted by a leader of a british far-right fringe group
"geneva (reuters) - in a thinly veiled reference to u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - a quest by republicans to open alaska’s arctic national wildlife reserve was slowed after a nonpartisan senate official ruled late on wednesday that the exploration was subject to environmental assessments by the interior department. senator lisa murkowski
 concerned about salt"
"amman (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said on thursday that u.s. president donald trump was wrong to retweet a video from a far-right british group which she said was “hateful” and spreads division. trump sparked outrage in britain with a sharp rebuke of may on twitter after she criticized him for retweeting anti-islam videos from the deputy leader of britain first. “the fact that we work together does not mean that we’re afraid to say when we think the united states has got it wrong
"london (reuters) - britain’s ambassador to the united states discussed a row over retweets sent by president donald trump with senior white house officials on wednesday
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
"washington/london (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday shared anti-muslim videos posted on twitter by a far-right british party leader
 spokesman says in response to trump"
"london (reuters) - british interior minister amber rudd said on thursday she hoped britain’s condemnation of u.s. president donald trump for retweeting material from a british far-right group would have an impact.  “i think we all listen more carefully
"(reuters) - a new york comedian has been compelled to appear before a house intelligence committee investigating suspected russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election where he will likely face questions about acting as a go-between for wikileaks and an ally of president donald trump.  randy credico
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s son-in-law
 north korea
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday nominated carnegie mellon university professor marvin goodfriend to become a member of the federal reserve board of governors
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump fired back at british prime minister theresa may over her criticism of his retweeting of anti-muslim videos
 vote likely this week"
"(reuters) - a group of republicans in the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday urged keeping federal tax breaks on private activity bonds sold by the developers of hospitals
"washington (reuters) - a proposal to amend a tax bill in the u.s. senate with a trigger to automatically reverse tax cuts if new revenues fall short of forecasts could further pressure businesses and the economy if the economy slows
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. congressman john conyers faced increasing pressure to resign on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - some key u.s. senators still had concerns about the republican tax bill in the senate
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of lawmakers in the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday introduced legislation requiring the disclosure of sexual harassment case settlements involving members of congress and their staffers. the move came amid a snowballing number of revelations about harassment of co-workers and others by members of congress
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic representative luis gutierrez
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the senate judiciary committee has asked four foreign policy advisers to donald trump’s 2016 presidential campaign for documents about their contacts with russians and discussions about russia. senator dianne feinstein on tuesday sent letters to former trump campaign advisers carter page
"charleston
"(reuters) - democratic u.s. representative john conyers has no immediate plans to resign after several women accused him of sexual misconduct
"washington/new york (reuters) - opposition has grown among americans to a republican tax plan before the u.s. congress
"washington (reuters) - members of the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee are close to an agreement on how to overhaul a controversial national security agency surveillance program and hope to complete legislation soon
"(reuters) - the u.s. defense security cooperation agency
"washington (reuters) - some of democratic u.s. representative john conyers’ colleagues in the congressional black caucus (cbc) are pressing the 88-year-old lawmaker to resign amid sexual harassment allegations against him
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will host libyan prime minister fayez al-sarraj at the white house on friday for talks on counterterrorism cooperation and ways to expand bilateral engagement
"washington/new york (reuters) - president donald trump’s son
"aboard air force one (reuters) - the white house said on wednesday that it does not expect the government to shut down next month
"washington (reuters) - steny hoyer
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will vote later wednesday on whether to begin debate on a republican tax bill
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate is expected to vote on a motion to proceed on a republican tax bill on wednesday
"london (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump was wrong to have posted anti-islam videos on twitter that had originally been published by a leader of britain first
"washington (reuters) - the top republican in the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday commended representative john conyers for stepping down as the top democrat on the house judiciary committee in the face of sexual misconduct allegations
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 republican in the u.s. house of representatives said on wednesday the senate would likely vote on its tax bill this week and that lawmakers from both chambers would get together “as quickly as possible” to resolve differences between their two bills. “i know the senate is continuing to work hard to pass tax reform
 whose leader's posts trump re-tweeted?"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump urged a boycott of cnn on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. district court judge on tuesday sided with president donald trump in a legal battle over who should be in charge of the u.s. consumer finance watchdog
 raising risk of government shutdown"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans rammed forward president donald trump’s tax-cut bill on tuesday in an abrupt
"washington (reuters) - congress is likely to miss a dec. 8 deadline for passing legislation funding a wide range of federal government programs through sept. 30
"(reuters) - u.s. republicans made progress on tuesday in addressing the demands of some key senators in the party about their tax legislation
 expected to announce monument decision"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of homeland security’s top internal watchdog told reuters on tuesday he will retire
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator susan collins
 first lady"
"washington (reuters) - leandra english
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator elizabeth warren said on tuesday she has “no doubt” the legal fight over who is the proper leader of the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau will continue to a u.s. appeals court after a district court judge renders a verdict. “it’s too important to everyone to let it rest at the district court. the parties are entitled to take an appeal to the court of appeals
"washington (reuters) - the top two republicans in the u.s. congress said if leading democrats want to reach an agreement with republicans on a must-pass government funding bill
 u.s. congress's calendar tightens"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate budget committee voted along party lines on tuesday to send a republican tax bill to the full senate for a vote. the 12-to-11 vote “moves us one step closer to a simpler
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on tuesday he was offended by claims that the state department is being hollowed out
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is slated to give remarks to reporters at the white house at 3 p.m. est (2000 gmt) on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. budget chief mick mulvaney on tuesday told staff at the consumer financial protection bureau to “disregard” instructions from leandra english
"moscow (reuters) - moscow’s ambassador to the united states will inspect the russian consulate in san francisco
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will proceed as planned to meet with republican congressional leaders on tuesday and criticized democratic leaders for bowing out
"washington (reuters) - the top two democrats in the u.s. congress said they would not meet with president donald trump on tuesday as planned after he said he does not think he can reach a deal with them on legislation to fund the government. “given that the president doesn’t see a deal between democrats and the white house
"washington (reuters) - puerto rico would get substantial debt relief and other new aid to help it recover from destruction inflicted by hurricanes irma and maria in september
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he will meet on tuesday with the democratic leaders of the u.s. senate and house of representatives
 halts new rules"
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. representative luis gutierrez of illinois
"henagar
"washington (reuters) - a senior u.s. official overseeing a reorganization of the state department that has been criticized by current and former u.s. diplomats has stepped down after less than four months on the job
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate republican tax bill strongly backed by president donald trump faced potential opposition on monday from two republican lawmakers who could prevent the sweeping legislation from reaching the senate floor. senators ron johnson and bob corker
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said there was a “pocahontas” in the u.s. congress during a meeting on monday with native american world war two veterans in an apparent derogatory reference to democratic senator elizabeth warren of massachusetts. after listening to one veteran speak at length about his experience as a “navajo code talker” during the war
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator bob corker said on monday that he could oppose his party’s tax bill over deficit concerns in an expected senate budget committee vote this week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator ron johnson said on monday he would vote against a republican tax bill in the budget committee on tuesday unless his concerns about the legislation are resolved
"sacramento
 on groping allegations
"washington (reuters) - allegations of sexual misconduct against u.s. senator al franken should be dealt with through the normal process
washington (reuters) - the white house said on monday that president donald trump wasn’t making a racial slur when he referred to senator elizabeth warren as “pocahantas” while speaking with navajo military veterans who served as code-talkers in world war two. white house spokeswoman sarah sanders said trump had an “extreme amount of value and respect” for the world war two veterans and “i think what most people find offensive is senator warren lying about her heritage to advance her career.” 
"washington (reuters) - white house budget director mick mulvaney has legal standing to take charge of u.s. consumer financial protection bureau
 what's on u.s. congress to-do list"
"(reuters) - republican senator rand paul said on monday he will vote for a tax bill headed to the u.s. senate floor for debate this week
 no. 2 republican says"
"washington (reuters) - a federal court in the district of columbia is due to hear arguments on monday afternoon at 4:30 p.m. est (2130 gmt) on the question of who should lead the consumer financial protection bureau
"(reuters) - u.s. senator al franken
"washington (reuters) - senate democratic leader chuck schumer plans to meet on monday afternoon with leandra english
"washington (reuters) - republican senator rand paul
"washington (reuters) - a battle over who should run the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau (cfpb) in the coming months was set for court as obama-era holdovers sought to maintain their control over a powerful watchdog which president donald trump is seeking to curb. cfpb staff returning to work on monday after the u.s. thanksgiving holiday break were left scratching their heads over who was in charge after outgoing director richard cordray formally resigned on friday and elevated his former chief of staff
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator elizabeth warren is due to meet leandra english
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
"(reuters) - the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau (cfpb) has been thrown into disarray by a battle between the white house and obama-era officials over who gets to run the federal watchdog on an interim basis after its director resigned.  outgoing director richard cordray elevated an agency official to replace him on an interim basis. but republican president donald trump then named his budget chief
"washington (reuters) - a senior u.s. consumer financial protection bureau official filed suit late on sunday trying to prevent president donald trump from naming an acting head of the watchdog agency
"washington (reuters) - the top lawyer for the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau (cfpb) has concluded that president donald trump has the authority to name its acting director
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative john conyers is stepping down as senior democrat on the house of representatives judiciary committee
"washington (reuters) - the deputy director of the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau late on sunday filed a lawsuit seeking to halt president donald trump from naming an official to run the watchdog agency on an interim basis. leandra english
"west palm beach
"washington (reuters) - the white house may name an acting director of the consumer financial protection bureau
 trump hails military gains and 'big
 likely sparking showdown"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has designated white house budget director mick mulvaney to be acting director of the consumer financial protection bureau until a permanent director is nominated and confirmed
 sources say"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will meet with senate republicans next week to discuss their party’s efforts to pass tax reform legislation
 signaling mueller cooperation: ny times"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions on wednesday ordered a review of a government database used for background checks on gun buyers
"chicago/new york (reuters) - jamie dimon
"(reuters) - the communications director for u.s. senate candidate roy moore has resigned amid the alabama republican’s efforts to combat allegations of sexual misconduct that have roiled his campaign. news of the departure of john rogers came a day after u.s. president donald trump defended moore from accusations by multiple women that moore pursued them as teenagers when he was in his 30s
"west palm beach
"washington (reuters) - the united states on wednesday called the myanmar military operation against the rohingya population “ethnic cleansing” and  threatened targeted sanctions against those responsible for what it called “horrendous atrocities.” “the situation in northern rakhine state constitutes ethnic cleansing against the rohingya
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump defended embattled u.s. senate candidate roy moore on tuesday
"(reuters) - the pace slowed in the third week of enrollment for 2018 obamacare individual insurance as nearly 800
"washington (reuters) - the united states hopes its determination that ethnic cleansing  occurred against the rohingya will raise pressure on myanmar’s military and civilian leadership to respond to the crisis and allow displaced people to return home
 democrats walk tightrope ahead of 2018 elections"
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday reignited a feud with the father of one of the three ucla basketball players who were detained in china on suspicion of shoplifting
 advocacy groups launch blitz of ads attacking tax plan"
"new york (reuters) - haitian immigrants on tuesday decried a u.s. decision to end a program that granted 59
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. federal communications commission unveiled plans on tuesday to repeal landmark 2015 rules that prohibited internet service providers from impeding consumer access to web content in a move that promises to recast the digital landscape. fcc chief ajit pai
"washington (reuters) - the house of representatives ethics committee said on tuesday it was investigating allegations of sexual harassment against u.s. representative john conyers
"washington (reuters) - a group of about a dozen u.s. state department officials have taken the unusual step of formally accusing secretary of state rex tillerson of violating a federal law designed to stop foreign militaries from enlisting child soldiers
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on tuesday stood by his criticism of pay tv and wireless company at&t’s deal to buy movie and tv show maker time warner inc
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives ethics committee said on tuesday it is investigating allegations of sexual harassment against representative john conyers. conyers
"mexico city (reuters) - with nafta talks grinding toward stalemate
"(reuters) - the u.s. department of justice’s move to block at&t inc’s $85.4 billion acquisition of time warner inc was “foolish” because the deal posed no threat to consumers
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of justice’s lawsuit aimed at stopping at&t inc from buying movie and tv show provider time warner inc will be heard by district court judge richard leon
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
washington (reuters) - new york state attorney eric schneiderman on tuesday said he has been investigating for six months who posted significant numbers of fake comments filed with the federal communications commission in its review of net neutrality rules. the fcc got more than 22 million comments during its review and several researchers found evidence that significant numbers of submissions were fake.  schneiderman said tuesday the “fcc has refused multiple requests for crucial evidence.”  the fcc did not immediately comment.  on tuesday fcc chairman ajit pai proposed reversing the obama era net neutrality rules.   
 ukraine
"washington (reuters) - the department of homeland security violated two court orders in the days after u.s. president donald trump issued a temporary travel ban on citizens of seven muslim-majority countries
"washington (reuters) - the united states has charged a former senegalese foreign minister and a former top hong kong government official with links to a chinese energy conglomerate with bribing high-level officials in chad and uganda in exchange for contracts for the mainland company. chi ping patrick ho
"new york (reuters) - after deep cuts in spending for florida schools and other public programs following the great recession
 trump to discuss north korea on tuesday: ifx cites kremlin aide"
"yangon/naypyitaw (reuters) - members of the u.s. congress said on tuesday operations carried out against the rohingya muslims in myanmar had “all the hallmarks” of ethnic cleansing
"washington (reuters) - the white house asked the u.s. supreme court on monday to allow president donald trump’s latest travel ban to take full effect after an appeals court in california ruled last week that only parts of it could be enacted. a three-judge panel of the san francisco-based 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals on nov. 13 partially granted a trump administration request to block at least temporarily a judge’s ruling that had put the new ban on hold. it ruled the government could bar entry of people from six muslim-majority countries with no connections to the united states. trump’s ban was announced on sept. 24 and replaced two previous versions that had been impeded by federal courts. the administration’s appeal to the top u.s. court argued that the latest travel ban differed from the previous orders “both in process and in substance” and that the differences showed it “is based on national-security and foreign-affairs objectives
"washington (reuters) - the united states in july 2019 will end a special status given to about 59
 u.s. congress members say"
"(reuters) - a federal court judge in california on monday blocked an executive order from president donald trump to deny some federal grants to so-called sanctuary cities
"washington (reuters) - the white house wants to see a republican elected to the u.s. senate from alabama to help pass a tax overhaul bill
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration will provide details of its plans to overhaul welfare in the first few weeks of 2018
"washington (reuters) - a decision by mitsubishi ufj financial group inc (mufg) to shift its u.s. banks from state regulators to a federal bank regulator is garnering scrutiny from a pair of u.s. democratic senators. senators elizabeth warren and chris van hollen sent a letter to the office of the comptroller of the currency on monday
 infrastructure
"new york(reuters) - in august
 senator flake still undecided on tax bill"
"san francisco (reuters) - a bipartisan harvard university project aimed at protecting elections from hacking and propaganda will release its first set of recommendations today on how u.s. elections can be defended from hacking attacks. the 27-page guidebook shown to reuters ahead of publication calls for campaign leaders to emphasize security from the start and insist on practices such as two-factor authentication for access to email and documents and fully encrypted messaging via services including signal and wickr. the guidelines are intended to reduce risks in low-budget local races as well as the high-stakes congressional midterm contests next year. though most of the suggestions cost little or nothing to implement and will strike security professionals as common sense
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump would not insist on including repeal of an obama-era health insurance mandate in a bill intended to enact the biggest overhaul of the tax code since the 1980s
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on sunday the repeal of the obamacare individual healthcare mandate was not a bargaining chip in negotiations over the senate tax legislation. “this is all about getting this passed in the senate. this isn’t a bargaining chip
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump would not object to removing a provision in a senate republican tax plan that would repeal the obamacare mandate if it “becomes an impediment
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. nuclear commander said on saturday that he would resist president donald trump if he ordered an “illegal” launch of nuclear weapons. air force general john hyten
"havana (reuters) - an association of cuban businesswomen has asked to meet with republican senator marco rubio of florida to explain the impact on the country’s nascent private sector of rolling back a detente in u.s. relations. rubio
"washington (reuters) - in a move certain to please conservatives
 far short of requests"
"mexico city (reuters) - pro-trade republicans in the u.s. congress are growing worried that u.s. president donald trump may try to quit the nafta free trade deal entirely rather than negotiate a compromise that preserves its core benefits. as a fifth round of talks to modernize the north american free trade agreement kicked off in mexico on friday
"washington (reuters) - the outcome of alabama’s dec. 12 u.s. senate election probably will not be certified until dec. 26 at the earliest
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has begun paying his own legal bills related to the russia investigation and will no longer cover the costs using political donations to his re-election campaign or the republican party
"washington (reuters) - the wife of republican u.s. senate candidate roy moore of alabama said on friday her husband would not end his campaign in the wake of sexual misconduct allegations
"washington (reuters) - jared kushner’s lawyer failed to give the u.s. senate judiciary committee documents president donald trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser received about a “russian backdoor overture and dinner invite
"washington (reuters) - the majority of small businesses and non-corporate enterprises known as “pass-throughs” would see a significant tax cut under the republican tax plan
 cities fear taxpayer revolt if republicans kill deduction"
"washington (reuters) - congressional republicans took important steps on thursday toward the biggest u.s. tax-code overhaul since the 1980s
 kiss"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump finds the sexual misconduct allegations against u.s. senate candidate roy moore “troubling” and thinks he should leave the race if they are true
"(reuters) - a u.s. congressional proposal that would eliminate income tax exemptions for certain airlines could affect major gulf carriers
"washington (reuters) - senator john mccain warned president donald trump on thursday against nominating any more defense industry insiders to top  pentagon posts
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. interior department has failed to provide documentation needed for an internal probe of secretary ryan zinke’s travels
"washington (reuters) - one thing is definitely going right for u.s. president donald trump and his fellow republicans who control congress: they are steadily getting conservatives appointed as judges
"(reuters) - two more women came forward on wednesday with allegations of sexual misconduct against republican u.s. senate candidate roy moore
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump believes republican u.s. senate candidate roy moore should step aside if sexual misconduct allegations against him are true
"(reuters) - the alabama republican party said on thursday it supported embattled u.s. senate candidate roy moore after allegations of sexual misconduct roiled the race. “judge moore has vehemently denied the allegations made against him. he deserves to be presumed innocent of the accusations unless proven otherwise
"washington (reuters) - a chorus of concern in the u.s. congress over the potential national security threat of state department staff cuts grew on thursday when every democrat on the house of representatives foreign affairs committee signed a letter asking for a briefing. “the number of minister counselors in the state department has decreased by 15 percent
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will announce his decision next week on whether to put north korea on a u.s. list of state sponsors of terrorism
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he wants to craft changes to a just-passed tax overhaul bill to provide “additional tax incentives” that would help puerto ricans recover from hurricane maria. in a statement following passage in the house of a major tax bill
 funding uncertain"
 newspaper ownership rules"
"washington (reuters) - former trump campaign adviser carter page on thursday delivered subpoenaed documents he described as “irrelevant and unnecessary” to two congressional committees investigating alleged russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. page
 development"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday acknowledged the thanks he received from three ucla basketball players who had been detained in china for shoplifting and were released after he raised the case with his chinese counterpart. the players - liangelo ball
"washington (reuters) - a republican senator who has publicly opposed the current draft of the senate tax reform plan said on thursday he wants to see more tax relief for pass-through businesses
"washington (reuters) - senator susan collins is back in the spotlight as a crucial swing vote in the u.s. senate as she raises questions about how combining a republican tax-cut plan with a partial repeal of obamacare will affect middle-class americans.  a day after senate republican leader mitch mcconnell decided to link the two issues in a risky strategy
"washington (reuters) - a senate republican tax plan that would repeal the obamacare mandate and give permanent tax cuts only to u.s. corporations drew fire from two republican lawmakers on wednesday in what could be a sign of trouble for the sweeping measure.  republican senator ron johnson of wisconsin said he would not support the current senator proposal
"chicago/new york (reuters) - state and local governments could suffer hits to revenue collections under the tax reform bills being considered in the u.s. senate and house because of the potential loss of a federal subsidy applied to bond issues and because a proposed increase in the standard taypayer deductions would affect some states. these additional risks to state and local governments are coming to light as lawmakers and experts sift through the bills before the two chambers. state and local governments have already been grappling with the potential revenue-raising risks of provisions in the two bills that would eliminate or cap taxpayer deductions of state and local income
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers are pressing forward with an investigation into the 2010 sale of a canadian uranium company
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump plans to nominate melissa burnison
"washington (reuters) - two senior u.s. senators asked secretary of state rex tillerson on wednesday to explain “questionable management practices” at his department that they believe are weakening the country’s diplomatic power
"san francisco (reuters) - venture capitalists and startup executives
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator ron johnson said he opposes the senate republican tax proposal because it unfairly benefits corporations more than other types of businesses. “if they can pass it without me
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions is scheduled to appear behind closed doors for an interview with the u.s. house of representatives’ intelligence committee on nov. 30
"washington (reuters) - the internal watchdog at the u.s. justice department said on wednesday he hopes to complete his review by early spring into whether the federal bureau of investigation erred when it announced it was reopening its investigation into democratic candidate hillary clinton’s emails ahead of the 2016 presidential election. “we have interviewed dozens of people. we are not at the 100 level yet
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the house of representatives’ tax-writing committee on wednesday predicted there will be strong support for repealing the obamacare individual healthcare mandate when house-senate negotiators hash out differences in their tax reform plans. “we’re very supportive of getting rid of that tax. we’re encouraged by the senate’s action; we’re hopeful they pass it. and i think in conference committee you’ll see strong support
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration publicly released on wednesday its rules for deciding whether to disclose cyber security flaws or keep them secret
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives could vote to pass a tax reform bill that also repeals the obamacare health insurance mandate if the senate includes the provision in its final version of the plan
"washington (reuters) - a report to the u.s. congress released on wednesday accused chinese state media entities of involvement in spying and propaganda and said their staff in the united states should be required to register as foreign agents. the annual report of the u.s. china economic and security review commission said that while china had tightened restrictions on domestic and foreign media
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans on tuesday linked repealing a key component of obamacare to their ambitious tax-cut plan
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday that he wanted to work with the white house to explore ways to keep embattled republican senate candidate roy moore from taking office if he wins a special election in alabama. speaking to reporters at the u.s. capitol
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. small business community on tuesday wrote to lawmakers urging them to step up efforts to roll back regulation introduced in the wake of the 2007-09 financial crisis that they say has stymied lending
"washington (reuters) - british primatologist jane goodall sent a letter to every u.s. senator on tuesday urging them to oppose a push in the u.s. congress to allow oil drilling in alaska’s arctic national wildlife refuge
"washington (reuters) - senate republican leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday threw his support behind including a repeal of the obamacare mandate for individual health insurance in the senate’s tax reform bill. “we’re optimistic that inserting the individual mandate repeal would be helpful and that’s obviously the view of the senate finance committee republicans as well
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions acknowledged on tuesday he was aware of contact between donald trump’s election campaign and russian intermediaries
 heal thyself"
"washington (reuters) - a former government official criticized for being the principal author of the legal justifications for “enhanced interrogation techniques” was narrowly confirmed by the senate on tuesday as the top lawyer for the u.s. department of transportation in the trump administration. steven bradbury
 funding uncertain"
"washington (reuters) - the republican national committee is withdrawing support for alabama republican senate candidate roy moore after allegations surfaced that he had sexual contact with teenage girls decades ago
"(reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions on tuesday denied that he misled legislators when he previously failed to disclose a meeting he attended with then-candidate donald trump and aides where campaign connections to russia were discussed. sessions testified in congress that
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said there was deep concern about allegations of sexual misconduct against u.s. senate candidate roy moore and that he was looking options to prevent him from taking office. mcconnell said president donald trump called him on friday and the two discussed moore and he spoke to vice president mike pence on monday. “there is no question that there is a deep concern here. roy moore should step aside. the women who have come forward are entirely credible
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell led a chorus of establishment republicans on monday urging roy moore
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate committee on tuesday held the first congressional hearing in more than four decades on the president’s authority to launch a nuclear strike
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator rand paul on tuesday said he will seek changes to the senate’s tax cut bill to add a provision to repeal obamacare’s requirement that americans pay a penalty if they do not obtain health insurance as well as scale back its elimination of a federal deduction for state and local taxes. in a series of posts on twitter
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions said on tuesday he “has no reason to doubt” five women who have accused u.s. senate candidate roy moore of sexual misconduct with them when they were in their teens. moore
"manila (reuters) - philippines president rodrigo duterte attacked canada’s justin trudeau at the end of a summit of asian and western nations for raising questions about his war on drugs
 others for fed vice chair: cnbc
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions said tuesday he now recalls a meeting in march 2016 that has come under scrutiny as part of special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into whether president donald trump’s election campaign colluded with russia. in testimony before the u.s. house judiciary committee
"washington (reuters) - the republican and democratic leaders of the u.s. senate foreign relations committee blasted the u.s. state department on tuesday for cuts in staff and what they described as a failure to have a plan for a proposed reorganization. “i don’t think they are anywhere close to having a plan to present relative to the reforms that they want
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers may have to pass another stop-gap spending bill in order to keep the federal government operating dec. 8 when existing money runs out
"manila (reuters) - leaders from across asia joined u.s. president donald trump at an extravagant gala dinner in the philippines’ capital on sunday
 coal's future remains bleak"
 sends tillerson instead"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions has asked justice department prosecutors to decide if a special counsel should be appointed to investigate certain republican concerns
"san francisco (reuters) - a proposal by the u.s. senate to change the way shares in startup companies are taxed incited panic and dread in silicon valley on monday
"(reuters) - u.s. senator rand paul of kentucky said he returned to work on monday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted monday to approve a senior transportation department nominee and advance another nomination
 trump returns"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on monday said he is nominating former pharmaceutical executive and industry lobbyist alex azar to serve as u.s. health and human services secretary
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives republican leadership is confident it has the votes to pass a tax overhaul bill when it comes to the house floor later this week
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will meet with republican members of the u.s. house of representatives on thursday ahead of the chamber’s vote on tax reform legislation
"new york (reuters) - the judge in the bribery trial of democratic u.s. senator bob menendez of new jersey told a jury on monday to continue deliberating after the panel said it was unable to reach a unanimous verdict
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court agreed on monday to hear a conservative group’s free speech challenge to a minnesota law prohibiting voters from wearing t-shirts or other apparel adorned with overtly political messages inside polling stations.  a group called the minnesota voters alliance is appealing a lower court’s decision to uphold the law
"washington (reuters) - two u.s. house democrats on monday asked the federal communications commission inspector general to probe whether  fcc chairman ajit pai was biased in favor of sinclair broadcast group
 red carpets on 'fruitful' asia trip"
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. vice president joe biden on monday left the door open to a presidential run to challenge republican president donald trump in the 2020 election and said he is focused now on boosting democrats in the 2018 midterm races. biden
"washington (reuters) - the head of the house of representatives’ tax-writing committee said on sunday he would not accept elimination of a federal deduction for state and local taxes
"hanoi (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on sunday attempted to clear up confusion over whether he accepts russian president vladimir putin’s denials of meddling in the u.s. election last year. at a news conference in vietnam
"washington (reuters) - two former top u.s. intelligence officials said on sunday they fear president donald trump is being manipulated by russian president vladimir putin
"washington (reuters) - special counsel robert mueller’s team has questioned sam clovis
 china avoid quarrel over south china sea during visit"
"hanoi (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said in a tweet on sunday that north korean leader kim jong un had insulted him by calling him “old” and said he would never call kim “short and fat.” trump made the comment after attending the asia-pacific economic cooperation (apec) summit in vietnam. in a series of tweets he also said chinese president xi jinping was “upping sanctions” on north korea in response to its nuclear and missile programs and that xi wanted pyongyang to “denuclearize.” during trump’s visit to beijing last week xi reiterated that china would strive for the denuclearization of the korean peninsula but offered no hint it would change tack on north korea
"manila (reuters) - canadian prime minister justin trudeau hopped from one table to the next
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump and vietnamese president tran dai quang underscored the importance of free and open access to south china sea
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on sunday that inflexibility on the part of the united states was to blame for the lack of a bilateral meeting  between russia’s president vladimir putin and u.s. president donald trump during a summit in vietnam. trump and putin met briefly on the sidelines of the asia-pacific economic cooperation summit in vietnam on saturday and agreed on a joint statement supporting a political solution for syria
"moscow (reuters) - donald trump directly asked russian president vladimir putin during their talks at a weekend summit in vietnam whether allegations of russian meddling in last year’s u.s. presidential election were true
"manila (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump arrived in the philippine capital manila on sunday to attend an annual gathering of leaders from east and southeast asian countries.  trump arrived from vietnam
"hanoi (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on sunday that it was possible he could be friends with north korean leader kim jong un one day and that it would be “very
 u.s. farm sector looks to automate"
"danang
"washington (reuters) - acting secretary of homeland security elaine duke on friday denied reports that white house chief of staff john kelly pressured her to end protections for tens of thousands of immigrants
"(reuters) - the national campaign wing for u.s. senate republicans cut fund-raising ties on friday with roy moore
"washington (reuters) - the lawyer for former u.s. national security adviser michael flynn on friday labeled as “outrageous” and “false” media reports suggesting his client may have been involved in an alleged plan to seize a muslim cleric and deliver him to turkey in exchange for millions of dollars. the rare statement from lawyer robert kelner came after the wall street journal reported on friday that special counsel robert mueller was investigating an alleged proposal under which flynn and his son would receive up to $15 million for seizing fethullah gulen from his u.s. home and delivering him to the turkish government. the journal cited people familiar with the investigation. nbc also reported on friday about an alleged december 2016 meeting
 false"
"washington (reuters) - unease among republicans about a massive increase in the federal deficit could complicate passage of two tax-cut bills working their way through the u.s. congress
"washington (reuters) - the republican party’s senate campaign wing has severed its fundraising deal with alabama republican senate nominee roy moore
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans unveiled a tax plan on thursday that differed from the house of representatives’ version on several key fronts
"(reuters) - the u.s wind energy industry on friday cheered a senate tax proposal that
 but tough action seen ahead"
"beijing (reuters) - as u.s. president donald trump left beijing on friday for the asia-pacific economic cooperation summit in vietnam
"(reuters) - a woman has accused roy moore
"(reuters) - minnesota governor mark dayton on thursday urged a state lawmaker accused of sexual harassment to step down
"danang
"san francisco (reuters) - alphabet inc’s google unit told u.s. election regulators in a letter seen by reuters on thursday that it “strongly supports” tightening rules on online political advertising as part of efforts to curtail “foreign abuse and influence” in elections. federal lawmakers have criticized google
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate tax reform proposal unveiled on thursday does not eliminate a $7
"(reuters) - the man accused of tackling u.s. senator rand paul of kentucky and breaking his ribs as he was mowing his lawn pleaded not guilty on thursday to a misdemeanor assault charge
 lee want boost to child tax credit"
 democrats represent highest-tax states"
"(reuters) - a tax plan by u.s. senate republicans released on thursday diverges in several ways from legislation being pushed by republicans in the house of representatives
 not middle class
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator jeff flake on thursday expressed concern about the senate republican tax proposal’s impact on the national debt. in a statement
 clinton camps both offered slice of dossier firm's work: sources"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence expressed “deep concern” to turkey’s prime minister on thursday about the arrests of american citizens and local staff of u.s. missions in turkey
"washington (reuters) - a republican-led committee in the u.s. house of representatives approved a sweeping rewrite of u.s. tax law on thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans are unveiling a tax proposal that differs markedly on corporate
 won't repeal obamacare mandate"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans’ tax proposal will include a full repeal of federal deductions for both state and local taxes on income
"washington (reuters) - a proposed tax on $2.6 trillion in foreign profits held offshore by u.s. multinational corporations would be raised under an amendment offered on thursday by the chairman of the u.s. house of representatives tax committee to his own tax-cut bill. texas republican representative kevin brady called for raising the tax to 14 percent for cash and liquid assets and 7 percent for illiquid assets
"washington (reuters) - the national federation of independent business
 trump presses china on north korea and trade"
"new york (reuters) - a group of 37 u.s.-based scientists whose research focuses on arctic wildlife asked two u.s. senators in a letter on thursday not to open the national arctic wildlife refuge to oil and gas exploration
 undermining state vote"
 wants to resign: report"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted on thursday 49-47 to confirm a top air quality official at the environmental protection agency
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. house ways and means committee will wrap up work on thursday on major tax overhaul legislation
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans may include a repeal of obamacare’s individual mandate in their version of the party’s tax cut plan
 won't repeal obamacare mandate: senator"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative bob goodlatte
"danang
"beijing/shanghai (reuters) - president donald trump can return to the united states claiming to have snagged over $250 billion in deals from his maiden trip to beijing. whether those deals live up to the lofty price tag is another question altogether. watched by trump and china’s president xi jinping at a signing ceremony in beijing
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on thursday he had discussed russia’s violation of an arms control treaty with his nato counterparts and they were looking at how to bring moscow into compliance with it. “we have a firm belief now over several years that the russians have violated the inf and our effort is to bring russia back into compliance
 china's xi tells trump"
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday that he and chinese president xi jinping would be focusing “very strongly” on the u.s opioid crisis
"beijing (reuters) - if chinese president xi jinping was trying to impress u.s. president donald trump with lavish treatment during his visit to beijing
"beijing (reuters) - the united states and china had a frank exchange of views on the disputed south china sea during a visit to beijing by u.s. president donald trump on thursday
"beijing (reuters) - continued stable development of china-u.s. economic ties will be a major contributor to global growth
 but trump skirts 'great firewall' to tweet about beijing trip"
"(reuters) - democrats claimed historic gains in virginia’s statehouse and booted republicans from state and local office across the united states on tuesday
 china's yankuang plan to build $3.5 billion coal-to-syngas plant in china"
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on thursday that there is “no disagreement” between u.s. president donald trump and chinese president xi jinping over north korea. xi shared with trump specific actions that china is taking to enforce sanctions against north korea
"beijing (reuters) - the united states government upholds and sticks to the “one china” policy
beijing (reuters) - chinese president xi jinping said on thursday that china will persist with the goal of denuclearizing the korean peninsula and  solving the issue through talks. xi made the comment standing next to u.s. president donald trump who is visiting china. 
 transparent to foreign companies including america's"
 u.s. create 'miracle' with $253.4 billion in dealmaking: zhong"
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump told chinese president xi jinping on thursday that he believes
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. foreign service has seen its top ranks shrink under secretary of state rex tillerson
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate banking committee will hold a confirmation hearing on nov. 28 for jerome powell
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate tax-cut bill
"washington/havana (reuters) - the u.s. government made it tougher on wednesday for americans to visit cuba and do business in the country
"washington (reuters) - democratic election victories in virginia and new jersey showed republicans losing more ground in suburban areas
"washington (reuters) - a congressional panel on wednesday dropped attempts to force the founder of a firm that hired a former british spy to compile a dossier of links between the 2016 trump election campaign and russia to testify under oath
"washington (reuters) - democrats on the u.s. senate foreign relations committee have been undertaking their own investigation
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump is more popular with likely voters than he is with the general public
 premiums: cbo"
 premiums"
"(reuters) - maine governor paul lepage said on wednesday he would not carry out an expansion of the state’s medicaid program under obamacare that was approved by voters unless it was fully funded by the legislature
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate committee on wednesday advanced legislation to make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking
"washington (reuters) - a democratic u.s. senator from michigan on wednesday urged his fellow lawmakers to retain a $7
"new york (reuters) - the judge presiding over the criminal case against president donald trump’s former campaign manager issued a gag order on wednesday barring anyone involved in the case from making public statements that might taint it.  paul manafort and his associate rick gates were arraigned in federal court in washington last week on a 12-count indictment that accused them of conspiring to launder money
"(reuters) - the minnesota senate will furlough its workers and suspend operations as soon as dec. 1 due to an ongoing funding dispute with governor mark dayton
"washington (reuters) - alex azar
"washington (reuters) - u.s. voters picked climate change advocates in a handful of gubernatorial and state legislature races on tuesday
"(reuters) - donald trump’s nominee to head the department of homeland security told a u.s. senate committee on wednesday there was no need to build a wall on the mexican border “from sea to shining sea” in remarks that contrasted with the president’s campaign pledge. kirstjen nielsen repeated at her confirmation hearing what her predecessor
"washington (reuters) - democrat ralph northam won a bitter race for virginia governor on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - the republican tax bill being debated in the u.s. house of representatives would add $1.7 trillion to the federal budget deficit over 10 years
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate is still on track to release on thursday its version of a bill to overhaul the nation’s tax code
"beijing (reuters) - with lavish pageantry and an uncharacteristic personal flourish
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of lawmakers in the u.s. senate and house of representatives introduced bills on wednesday to toughen u.s. foreign investment rules amid growing concern about chinese efforts to buy u.s. high-tech companies. senator john cornyn
"washington (reuters) - members of u.s. congressional defense committees said on wednesday they supported a plan for $700 billion in defense spending in fiscal year 2018
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on wednesday left the door open to a possible delay in when republican’s tax cut plan would lower rates for corporations
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump arrived in china on wednesday seeking help to rein in north korea
"beijing (reuters) - meetings between u.s. president donald trump and chinese president xi jinping in beijing this week will focus on addressing trade imbalances between the two countries
"washington (reuters) - the latest attempt to overhaul the u.s. federal flood insurance program hit a stumbling block
"beijing (reuters) - the white house on wednesday condemned missile attacks by yemen’s houthi militias on saudi arabia
"london (reuters) - iranian president hassan rouhani said on wednesday that missile attacks by yemen’s houthis targeting saudi arabian capital riyadh were a reaction to what he called saudi aggression.  “how should the yemeni people react to bombardment of their country. so they are not allowed to use their own weapons? you stop the bombardment first and see if the yemenis would not do the same
"new york (reuters) - democratic new york city mayor bill de blasio scored a decisive victory on tuesday in his bid to secure a second four-year term in charge of the united states’ biggest city. with more than 75 percent of the city’s voting precincts reporting
"moscow (reuters) - russian deputy foreign minister sergei ryabkov said on wednesday that moscow has never supported the imposition of a complete embargo on north korea
"washington (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross has divested his interests in oil tanker company diamond s shipping and is in the process of selling off his holdings in another shipping firm
"beijing (reuters) - china’s foreign ministry on wednesday said that china fully and strictly implements u.n. security council resolutions on north korea and will investigate if there are activities that contravene resolutions. china upholds resolving the north korean nuclear issue via talks
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will ask china to cut its financial links with north korea and to abide by u.n. sanctions when meeting with chinese president xi jinping in beijing
"(reuters) - voters in maine on tuesday approved a ballot initiative to expand the state’s medicaid program under obamacare
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives forged ahead on tuesday with legislation to reshape the federal tax code
"(reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives’ tax panel continued debating amendments on tuesday to a tax bill offered by congressional republicans and president donald trump. the following are its major provisions
"(reuters) - a peace activist who laughed at then u.s. senator jeff sessions during his confirmation hearing to become u.s. attorney general will no longer be prosecuted on charges of disrupting a session of congress and demonstrating at the capitol. the u.s. attorney for the district of columbia filed court papers on monday
"washington (reuters) - democrat phil murphy was elected governor of new jersey on tuesday
"beijing (reuters) - china and the united states have common interests but the relationship needs careful handling
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump arrived in china on wednesday seeking help to rein in north korea
"washington (reuters) - democrat ralph northam was elected on tuesday as virginia’s next governor
"seoul (reuters) - south korean president moon jae-in had initially suggested on tuesday that u.s. president donald trump make a visit to the demilitarized zone (dmz) between north and south korea
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate banking committee unanimously backed new sanctions targeting chinese banks that do business with north korea on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - a democratic senator said on tuesday he wants answers from top justice department officials about why a career prosecutor was asked to resign days before a special counsel unveiled the first criminal charges in an investigation into russia’s role in the 2016 u.s. election. dana boente was asked to quit in late october as the u.s. attorney for the eastern district of virginia
"louisville
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of dozens of former u.s. homeland security  officials sent letters supporting the nomination of kirstjen nielsen as the new head of the department ahead of her confirmation hearing on wednesday by the senate homeland security committee.  among the signers were former homeland security (dhs) secretaries tom ridge and michael chertoff
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday  that senate republicans would unveil their tax reform proposal on friday. mcconnell also told reporters that republican senator rand paul
"(reuters) - the national football league said on tuesday it opposes a tax bill proposed by u.s. house of representatives republicans that could force teams to put up more of their own money to fund stadium construction. under the legislation unveiled last week
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on a house of representatives committee  accused its republican leaders of launching a spurious  investigation of hillary clinton to divert attention from inquiries on alleged links between donald trump’s presidential campaign and russia. representative elijah cummings
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions will testify before the house judiciary committee about issues facing the justice department on nov. 14
 then press china to do more"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house republicans plan to bring their tax overhaul bill for a vote next week
" washington (reuters) - during the eight years of the obama administration
"washington (reuters) - three u.s. aircraft carrier strike groups will exercise together in the western pacific in the coming days in a rare show of force as president donald trump visits asia with warnings about the nuclear threat from north korea
"washington (reuters) - carter page
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers on monday began revising their proposed overhaul of the u.s. tax code
"washington (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross said on monday he probably would not keep his holdings in a shipping company with business ties to russian president vladimir putin’s inner circle and that he had fully and properly disclosed investments. pressed on whether he would retain the interest in navigator holdings
 taxes rise for some - think tank"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions is due to testify before a congressional committee next week
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. district judge again declined to ease bail conditions for president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort and his business associate richard gates on monday
 citing north korea"
"(reuters) - two children
"tokyo (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on monday that japan would shoot north korean missiles “out of the sky” if it bought the u.s. weaponry needed for doing so
"moscow (reuters) - a russian lawyer who met donald trump jr. during the 2016 election campaign said the u.s. president’s son told her his father
"london (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross said there was nothing improper about his investments in a shipping firm with significant ties to russian president vladimir putin’s inner circle
"moscow (reuters) - russian petrochemical holding sibur said on monday it had no direct dealings with u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross and that its ties to its partners were not in breach of sanctions imposed on russia over the ukraine crisis. sibur was commenting on reports that ross has kept investments in navigator holdings
"new delhi (reuters) - india on monday formed a panel of government officials to investigate cases that figure in the so-called paradise papers
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump’s 90 percent cut to obamacare advertising has u.s. health insurers in many states digging deeper into their pockets to get the word out about 2018 enrollment
"(reuters) - u.s. senator rand paul’s return to washington may be delayed after he suffered five broken ribs during an assault at his kentucky home
 japan's abe toast 'bromance' as two-day summit wraps up"
 but want action"
 abe didn't discuss bilateral fta: japan spokesman"
"tokyo (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump greeted japanese emperor akihito and empress michiko on monday with a genteel handshake and nod
"beijing (reuters) - china said on monday that it hopes all sides’ words and actions can help reduce tensions on the korean peninsula
 son: nbc"
 ryan says"
"washington (reuters) - special counsel robert mueller pushed back on sunday against paul manafort’s efforts to avoid house arrest
"washington (reuters) - the former head of the u.s. democratic national committee on sunday defended her assertion that she had seriously considered proposing to replace hillary clinton as the party’s 2016 presidential nominee
"louisville/washington (reuters) - a man has been arrested for assaulting u.s. senator rand paul  at his kentucky home on friday and causing a “minor injury
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said on sunday that special counsel robert mueller should not be fired or step down
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said his colleagues might use the tax overhaul currently under consideration to repeal the affordable care act provision that mandates individuals buy  health insurance.  “we have an active conversation with our members and a whole host of ideas on things to add to this bill
"washington/london (reuters) - the republican tax bill unveiled last week in the u.s. congress could disrupt the global supply chains of large
"washington/khobar
 'they will consider' using u.s. exchanges"
"washington (reuters) - the head of the democratic national committee on saturday vowed to ensure all candidates have an equal chance to win the democratic presidential nomination after a former party chair accused the committee of rigging the process to aid hillary clinton in 2016. dnc chairman tom perez said in a statement the 2020 nominating process would be “unquestionably fair and transparent.” perez made his comments after former dnc chairwoman donna brazile said in an opinion piece in politico earlier this week that the nomination process had been “rigged” in clinton’s favor after she signed a fundraising agreement with the dnc in 2015. clinton
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort offered to post more than $12 million in real estate and life insurance assets and to limit his travel in a bid to avoid continued house arrest
"(reuters) - when the lawyer for the former campaign manager of president donald trump attacked the money laundering charge brought against his client as flimsy
 book author tells new york times"
"new york (reuters) - islamic state has claimed responsibility for a truck attack this week that killed eight people in the deadliest assault on new york city since sept. 11
"washington/seoul (reuters) - saddled with the toughest job in american diplomacy
"washington (reuters) - a foreign policy adviser to donald trump’s presidential campaign met russian government officials last year
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday he did not remember much about a meeting last year with a former campaign aide who pleaded guilty last month as part of a federal probe into alleged russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election. asked about a meeting in which aide george papadopoulos  suggested arranging a meeting with russian president vladimir putin
 dogged at home
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. judge on friday denied a request for russian lawyer natalia veselnitskaya
"almaty (reuters) - the sister of the uzbek immigrant accused of killing eight people in new york said her brother might have been brainwashed and appealed to u.s. president donald trump on friday to ensure he gets a fair trial. sayfullo saipov
"washington (reuters) - republicans’ tax plan would not make adjustments retroactive
"washington (reuters) - a federal judge on friday proposed a may 7 trial date for former trump campaign manager paul manafort and associate rick gates
"washington (reuters) - two senior u.s. house of representatives republicans said on friday they have agreed on terms for the reauthorization of the deeply indebted national flood insurance program. house majority whip steve scalise of louisiana and house financial services committee chairman jeb hensarling of texas said in a statement: “the bill we support will begin to make the flood insurance program more stable and sustainable for the people who count on it. we look forward to bringing this legislation to the house soon and urge our colleagues to support it.” they did not provide any details of the agreement. lawmakers are wrestling with how to handle the flood insurance program’s expiration on dec. 8. it is at least $24.6 billion in debt to the u.s. treasury and likely to face billions of dollars in additional costs due to hurricanes harvey and irma
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is pushing republicans to change their tax-cut bill to include a repeal of the obamacare mandate that requires individuals to buy health insurance or pay a fine
 officials say"
"geneva (reuters) - north korea called on friday for a halt to what it called “brutal sanctions”
 putting controls in question"
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of lawmakers in the u.s. senate and house of representatives will introduce bills as soon as monday to toughen u.s. foreign investment rules amid growing concern about chinese deals
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the house of representatives tax writing committee said on friday he planned to offer an additional amendment to the republican tax reform bill. “at the start of our markup on monday
"washington (reuters) - three republican u.s. lawmakers called on friday for robert mueller to resign as special counsel investigating russia and the 2016 u.s. election
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on friday approved legislation to continue a federal insurance program for millions of lower-income children and pregnant women
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he was unsure whether his top diplomat
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday he would spend an extra day in the philippines during his trip to asia
"new york (reuters) - the sierra club and five other u.s. environmental groups sued a white house advisory council and the u.s. interior department
 trump to tell asia: white house"
"tokyo (reuters) - ivanka trump
 but the hard work awaits"
 ground broken for eisenhower memorial in washington"
"new york (reuters) - many of the immigration initiatives launched by the trump administration in recent weeks target one kind of migrant: children. the measures are aimed at expelling young people already in the united states illegally and preventing new ones from crossing into the country.      some of the policy shifts have generated headlines
"beijing (reuters) - a senior chinese diplomat said on friday china has made its best efforts to resolve issues on the korean peninsula
 united states"
"beijing (reuters) - china has confidence in its economic relations with the united states going forward and will continue to open up and provide broader market access
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday ending so-called chain migration
' trump mutes u.s. voice on human rights in asia"
"united nations (reuters) - the united states has circulated a draft u.n. security council resolution that would extend by two years the mandate of an international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in syria
 house republicans?"
"washington (reuters) - the republican tax plan unveiled on thursday stirred anger at u.s. universities
"chicago (reuters) - the u.s. house republican tax bill released on thursday would put an end to tax-exempt debt issuance by state and local governments for an array of health care
"new york (reuters) - u.s. money managers with reinsurance companies in bermuda and the cayman islands could lose a valuable loophole under republican proposals to overhaul the tax code unveiled on thursday.    the plan includes a 20 percent excise payment on payments from domestic firms to foreign affiliates that could affect private equity firms and hedge funds that have overseas reinsurance operations. the proposal would effectively kill the so-called bermuda reinsurance loophole under which money managers are able to invest the premiums they raise as reinsurers in their funds without paying any tax on the gains. the plan is part of a 429-page bill that would represent the largest overhaul of the u.s. tax system since the 1980s
"(reuters) - some wealthy owners of u.s. major-league sports teams may have to put up more of their own money to fund stadium construction under a tax bill proposed by u.s. house of representatives republicans
 young new yorker among victims of truck attack"
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. judge on thursday ordered president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort to remain under home arrest and wear an electronic monitoring device for now as he awaits a tentative trial date on money-laundering and other charges. manafort
"washington (reuters) - senate democrats on thursday demanded that attorney general jeff sessions be recalled to testify on the trump campaign’s russia contacts after the disclosure of an effort to set up a meeting between then-republican candidate donald trump and russian president vladimir putin. judiciary committee democrats want to question sessions
"washington (reuters) - members of the u.s.	 house of representatives intelligence committee said on thursday they want carter page
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday agreed to expand the use of disaster aid to help rebuild puerto rico’s power grid and other infrastructure wrecked by hurricane maria
"washington (reuters) - u.s. religious entities would be allowed to engage in political activity without the risk of losing their tax-exempt status under a republican proposal to overhaul the tax code unveiled on thursday
"washington (reuters) - as a candidate
washington (reuters) - the story headlined “u.s. house tax panel chairman says flexible on mortgage deduction” published at 2050 gmt is withdrawn as u.s. house tax panel chairman kevin brady mistook the question which referred to property tax reductions in the republican tax reform plan announced earlier thursday.   there will be no replacement story. 
 solar largely unscathed"
 savvy choice for fed"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday tapped fed governor jerome powell to become head of the u.s. central bank
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump supports the tax overhaul bill unveiled on thursday by republicans in the house of representatives
 in his own words"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers proposed targeted sanctions and travel restrictions on myanmar military officials on thursday over the treatment of the country’s rohingya muslim minority
500 electric vehicle credit"
"washington (reuters) - a longtime associate of former trump campaign manager paul manafort has hired a new team of lawyers to defend himself against charges brought in a probe looking at alleged russian interference in the u.s. election
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. judge on thursday warned lawyers for paul manafort and richard gates
"washington (reuters) - u.s. congressional democrats filed suit on thursday seeking the release of government documents related to republican president donald trump’s ownership of a washington hotel that critics say represents a conflict of interest. in the lawsuit
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican representative lee zeldin said he would not support the tax reform legislation introduced by republican congressional leaders on thursday. “i am a ‘no’ to this bill in its current form. we need to fix this state and local tax deduction issue. adding back in the property tax deduction up to $10
"(reuters) - attorney general jeff sessions on thursday accused technology companies of failing to adequately help federal investigators access encrypted communications
" washington (reuters) - when president donald trump announced on oct. 12 he would stop subsidies to health insurers critical to the obamacare law
"front royal
"new york (reuters) - goldman sachs group inc (gs.n) ceo lloyd blankfein said thursday on bloomberg tv that he would not be “one bit disappointed” if president donald trump nominated jerome powell as the new federal reserve chair. “his background is a terrific background - again a lot of government service
"(reuters) - goldman sachs group inc (gs.n) chief executive lloyd blankfein will visit china as part of a business delegation in november at the same time as u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump repeatedly says his proposed tax cut would be the biggest in u.s. history
"washington (reuters) - sam clovis
 lawyers say in court filing"
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group in the u.s. house of representatives has called on the environmental protection agency to recognize “the significant pitfalls and costs” of renewable fuel standards in its future rulemaking and enact “well-rounded” biofuel policies. “we look forward to working with you to put forth well-rounded biofuels policies that reflect market realities and benefit american families and businesses
 but the hard work awaits"
"paterson
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday eased off his earlier call to send the suspect in this week’s truck attack in new york city to the military prison in guantanamo bay
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department has gathered enough evidence to charge six members of the russian government in the hacking of democratic national committee computers before the 2016 u.s. presidential election
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday tapped fed governor jerome powell to become head of the u.s. central bank
"washington (reuters) - paul manafort
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers released a batch of russian-bought facebook inc ads on wednesday that showcased politically charged content allegedly spread on social media by moscow ahead of the 2016 u.s. election.  some of the ads criticized candidates
 trump to push a reluctant xi to rein in north korea"
 republicans in congress prepare to introduce tax bill"
 blasts democrats"
"washington/new york (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives’ energy committee on wednesday said it wants the federal emergency management agency (fema) to explain how it is overseeing contracts for rebuilding puerto rico’s power grid after it was devastated by hurricane maria. in a letter to fema
"(reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives are due to release tax legislation on thursday calling for slashing taxes on corporations
 401(k)"
' challenging trump"
"washington (reuters) - a visa program aimed at diversifying the u.s. immigrant population came under attack from president donald trump on wednesday after he learned that the man accused of killing eight people in new york city on tuesday used it to enter the country.        sayfullo saipov
"washington (reuters) - republican and democratic u.s. senators on wednesday said they agreed on a new package of sanctions on north korea
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump does not recall a meeting with his foreign policy advisers in march 2016 in which one of them suggested he could arrange a meeting between candidate trump and russian president vladimir putin
000 for trump dossier
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate commerce committee will vote next week on a bipartisan proposal that would make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the house of representatives tax committee said on wednesday that achieving a permanent cut in the u.s. corporate tax rate could take “several steps.” republican representative kevin brady
"(reuters) - virginia democrat danica roem has been called a man by conservative opponents attacking her views on lgbt rights as she campaigns to become the united states’ only transgender state legislator.  roem does not shy away from her gender identity. in one campaign ad
"washington (reuters) - the next round of aid to help rebuild puerto rico and u.s. states after destructive hurricanes and wildfires is unlikely to be considered by congress until it takes up a catch-all spending bill that faces a dec. 8 deadline for passage
 democrats say still hopeful for deal on dodd-frank bank rules rewrite"
"(reuters) - a panel convened by u.s. president donald trump to tackle the opioid crisis called on wednesday for more treatment programs
"(reuters) - senate republicans mounted a concerted defense of one of president donald trump’s nominees to a federal appeals court on wednesday
"london
"washington (reuters) - congress should consider legislation that would regulate “bump stocks
"washington (reuters) - a rare high-level defector from north korea told u.s. lawmakers on wednesday that disseminating more information in the reclusive country would ultimately be more effective than the billions of dollars being spent to address the military threat. “we can educate (the) north korean population to stand up by disseminating outside information
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house intelligence committee will disclose on wednesday a sample of russian-linked content that ran on social media during the 2016 presidential election
"washington (reuters) - republicans plan to release the language of their tax legislation early thursday morning
"washington (reuters) - as americans began signing up for obamacare health insurance plans on wednesday
 ties to russian oligarchs"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on wednesday he thought federal reserve chair janet yellen was “excellent” but declined to say who was his pick to lead the u.s. central bank ahead of a planned announcement on thursday afternoon. “i think janet yellen is excellent
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives republican leaders and members of the ways and means committee will meet with u.s. president donald trump on thursday at the white house
 texas
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives will delay the release of long-awaited tax legislation by one day until thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senators on tuesday pressed facebook inc’s chief lawyer on why the company did not catch 2016 election ads bought using russian rubles
 democrats demand of california republican"
 rugs
"washington (reuters) - russian lawyer natalia veselnitskaya
"washington (reuters) - a former senior adviser on president donald trump’s campaign team
 mueller's first charges a show of force"
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives will delay the release of tax legislation for a day as lawmakers try to overcome differences involving the treatment of retirement savings accounts and state and local taxes
 powerful critic of wall street rules leaving congress"
"(reuters) - modernizing and maintaining the u.s. nuclear arsenal over the next 30 years will cost more than $1.2 trillion
"washington (reuters) - leading republicans in the u.s. senate
"washington (reuters) - white house chief of staff john kelly’s comment that the u.s. civil war was sparked by a lack of “compromise” drew criticism and reignited a debate over confederate monuments and the role of slavery. in an interview on monday night with fox news
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator chuck grassley
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on tuesday the trump campaign provided the special counsel investigating ties between it and russia with emails involving george papadopoulos
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. environmental protection agency announced on tuesday it will bar certain scientists from serving on its independent advisory boards
"washington (reuters) - senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday lawmakers and the trump administration were “on a path” toward reaching a deal on a bill that would keep the government funded beyond dec. 8. “that job will have to be done by december the eighth
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senators introduced a bill on tuesday they said would prevent president donald trump from launching a nuclear first strike on north korea on his own
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on tuesday that u.s. charges against president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort and another aide showed moscow had been unfairly maligned in accusations that it meddled in last year’s u.s. presidential election. federal investigators probing alleged russian interference in the election
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on tuesday that he was not looking for the corporate tax rate reduction that the white house is seeks to be phased in over time. “hopefully not
"washington (reuters) - an industry group for lobbyists on tuesday called on congress to overhaul the transparency laws that govern their activity in the wake of indictments of two lobbyists
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan pair of u.s. senators plans to introduce legislation on tuesday seeking to boost the cyber defenses of state election systems
"washington (reuters) - republican tax legislation due to be released this week in the u.s. house of representatives will not include a deduction for state and local income taxes
 third pleads guilty"
 commenting on manafort charges
"washington (reuters) - white house chief of staff john kelly said on monday a special counsel should be appointed to investigate democrats over a uranium deal during the obama administration and a dossier compiled on donald trump during the 2016 presidential campaign. “i think probably as a layman looking at this kind of thing we need to find someone who is very
 europe elections 'fantasies': ifax cites foreign minister"
"beijing (reuters) - a top u.s. business lobby in china said on tuesday it was concerned u.s. president donald trump’s administration was not making sufficient preparation for talks on imbalances in the bilateral economic relationship ahead of his november visit. little advance work has been done for the visit
"chicago (reuters) - a year-long audit of the program overseeing u.s. labs that handle lethal pathogens such as ebola and anthrax found overworked safety inspectors
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s top national security aides pushed back on monday against u.s. lawmakers calling for a new congressional war authorization
"washington (reuters) - prominent washington lobbyist tony podesta has stepped down from his lobbying firm podesta group as investigators’ examine his company’s ties to u.s. president donald trump’s indicted former campaign manager
"washington (reuters) - an obscure trump campaign adviser pleaded guilty to lying to fbi agents about contacts with people who claimed to have ties to top russian officials
"new york (reuters) - colony northstar inc has ended a consulting agreement with rick gates
"(reuters) - mercury public affairs
"washington (reuters) - a top u.s. regulator for wall street took the unusual step on monday of directly asking president donald trump to veto a resolution that allows financial companies to block customers from banding together to sue
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate intelligence committee chairman richard burr said on monday that indictments announced by special counsel robert mueller do not change anything regarding his panel’s investigation of potential russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election. “it doesn’t change anything with our investigation
"new york (reuters) - the defense in democratic u.s. senator bob menendez’s federal corruption trial rested on monday
"washington (reuters) - paul manafort
"washington (reuters) - the attorney for former trump campaign manager paul manafort said on monday there was no evidence manafort colluded with the russian government while working for the campaign and in fact his work on behalf of ukraine had ended two years earlier. “i think you all saw today that president donald trump was correct. there is no evidence that mr. manafort or the trump campaign colluded with the russian government
"new york (reuters) - new york city mayor bill de blasio’s fight for a “millionaires’ tax” to help repair the country’s largest subway system got a boost as u.s. senator bernie sanders
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is likely to pick federal reserve governor jerome powell as the next head of the u.s. central bank
"washington (reuters) - the indictments of two former trump campaign aides on monday have nothing to do with president donald trump or his campaign and show no evidence of collusion between the campaign and russia
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on monday it was not backing any proposal to phase-in a planned reduction to the u.s. corporate tax rate. asked about a report the house of representatives was considering a five-year phase-in for the corporate tax cut
 won't fire mueller: lawyer to cnn"
"(reuters) - former president barack obama
"washington (reuters) - charges brought against president donald trump’s former campaign manager and other officials on monday would not change the white house’s cooperation with the special counsel investigating alleged russian intervention in the 2016 election
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on monday responded to charges against former campaign manager paul manafort by saying the allegations predated his tenure on trump’s 2016 presidential campaign
 ex-associate face charges in u.s. russia probe: reports"
 third pleads guilty"
"washington (reuters) - the investigation into possible russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election will enter a new phase as early as monday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s plan for overhauling the u.s. tax system faced growing opposition from interest groups on sunday
"washington (reuters) - a federal grand jury on friday approved the first charges in the investigation into alleged russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator susan collins
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on saturday he would release all documents related to the 1963 assassination of president john f. kennedy except those with the names and addresses of people who are still alive. “after strict consultation with general kelly
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house intelligence committee on saturday said it had reached an agreement related to its subpoena of a washington research firm’s bank records that would secure access to records for the panel’s probe of russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. the announcement came a day after a federal judge had given an unnamed bank more time to respond to the congressional panel’s subpoena to fusion gps
"washington (reuters) - the republican-led federal communications commission is moving  to quickly undo roadblocks to increased consolidation among media companies
"washington (reuters) - a federal grand jury in washington on friday approved the first charges in the investigation led by special counsel robert mueller into alleged russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate michael griffin
 california governors say residents would suffer under trump tax cuts"
"washington/new york (reuters) - the white house promoted president donald trump’s tax cut plan on friday with a forecast of faster u.s. economic expansion and wage growth
"kinshasa (reuters) - u.s. ambassador to the united nations nikki haley said on friday she did not want to take the job of secretary of state rex tillerson
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is leaning toward nominating federal reserve governor jerome powell to be the next head of the u.s. central bank
 intel firms under sanctions law"
"washington (reuters) - the republican head of the tax-writing panel in the u.s. house of representatives said on friday progress was being made in efforts to allay concerns among some republicans about the potential elimination of a federal deduction for state and local income taxes as part of a tax-reform push. some lawmakers from states where state and local taxes are high and people benefit most from the federal income tax deduction are reluctant to contemplate such an elimination. it would be one of several measures aimed at offsetting lost revenue under sweeping tax cuts planned by president donald trump and the republican leadership in congress. “we’re working with these lawmakers. we are making progress
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will announce next week his choice for who will lead the federal reserve
"washington (reuters) - the united states wants a meeting soon aimed at reviving a four-way dialogue between itself
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump declared the opioid crisis a public health emergency on thursday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department on thursday said it had belatedly begun informing congress and others about groups associated with the russian intelligence and defense sectors as required under a 2017 law tightening sanctions on russia. the countering america’s adversaries through sanctions act
 cites election meddling"
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. congressional committee on thursday set a nov. 2 deadline for the puerto rico electric power authority (prepa) to provide information related to its $300 million contract with a small montana firm to repair damage to the utility’s infrastructure caused by hurricane maria. “specifically
 blocks others under pressure"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson spoke on thursday with myanmar’s army chief and expressed concern over reported atrocities against rohingya muslims in rakhine state
 ex-cia chief proposed plan to discredit turkish cleric"
"seoul (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis flew into seoul on friday for annual defense talks as tensions with north korea climb ahead of a visit to the region next month by president donald trump. mattis has emphasized diplomatic efforts to find a peaceful solution to the crisis during his week-long trip to asia
"geneva (reuters) - president bashar al-assad and his family have no role in the future of syria
"washington (reuters) - the largest u.s. veterans service organization on thursday urged president donald trump to veto recent legislation allowing financial companies to block customers from banding together to sue
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives helped pave the way on thursday for deep tax cuts sought by president donald trump and republican leaders
"havana (reuters) - the united states said on thursday it had designated career diplomat lawrence gumbiner as the new chief of its cuba embassy that has been at the center of a diplomatic crisis due to allegations of mysterious health attacks on its personnel. the previous charge d’affaires
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. lawmakers called on thursday for public hearings on an attack in niger that killed four u.s. soldiers
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration on thursday named a coal industry consultant and strong supporter of the controversial practice of mountaintop mining to head up a u.s. interior department agency that oversees mining operations and environmental cleanups. steven gardner of kentucky
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress’ watchdog office has agreed to investigate president donald trump’s commission on voter fraud after three democratic senators raised concerns the panel’s work may diminish the public’s confidence in the democratic process. the government accountability office said in a letter dated  on wednesday that it had accepted a request from democratic  senators amy klobuchar
"kitchanga
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions equated the opioid epidemic to a personal failing by many americans who cannot “say no” to drugs on thursday
"new york (reuters) - connecticut lawmakers on thursday passed a two-year $41.3 billion budget
"(reuters) - nine u.s. senators from states that have oil refineries sent a letter to president donald trump on thursday urging changes to the country’s biofuels policy and asking for a meeting to discuss the issue. the letter reflects growing tensions between refiners that oppose the u.s. renewable fuel standard - a law requiring them to blend increasing amounts of ethanol into the nation’s fuel each year - and the midwest corn lobby that supports it. the trump administration bowed to rising pressure from midwest lawmakers last week
"washington (reuters) - a key meeting between republicans in the u.s. house of representatives ended on thursday without a compromise on a proposal to eliminate a popular deduction for state and local taxes
"moscow (reuters) - russia said on thursday it would respond to a decision by twitter inc to ban adverts from media outlets russia today (rt) and sputnik
"washington (reuters) - the fbi had said it will comply with the u.s. house of representatives’ document request regarding a dossier containing allegations against u.s. president donald trump by next week
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives voted nearly unanimously on thursday for new sanctions on iran’s ballistic missile program
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives voted on thursday to clear a procedural path forward for a republican tax bill
"(reuters) - republican u.s. senator lindsay graham testified on thursday as a character witness on behalf of democratic colleague bob menendez
 taylor
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will name david kautter as acting commissioner of the u.s. internal revenue service
"(reuters) - the u.s. justice department has reached a settlement with dozens of conservative groups that claimed the internal revenue service unfairly scrutinized them based on their political leanings when they sought a tax-exempt status
"san francisco/washington (reuters) - a u.s. judge on wednesday refused to block president donald trump’s decision to end subsidy payments to health insurers under obamacare
 water laws affect energy sector jobs"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he would declare next week a national emergency on opioid abuse
"washington (reuters) - a budget plan crucial to president donald trump’s hopes for large-scale tax cuts looked set for a close vote in the u.s. house of representatives on thursday after some republicans vowed opposition in an effort to protect a popular tax break. the rebellious faction is resisting a proposal to eliminate a federal deduction for state and local income taxes
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he spoke to chinese president xi jinping to congratulate him on a new leadership line-up unveiled at the communist party congress in beijing. the two also discussed north korea and trade
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on wednesday that a sweeping republican tax-cut plan is entering its toughest phase yet as lobbyists swarm congress to try to protect valuable tax breaks. urging lawmakers to move quickly on the plan
"washington (reuters) - the department of justice needs to immediately give congress documents related to the funding of a dossier on donald trump during the presidential campaign
 trump envoy tells president"
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. senator bill bradley
"(reuters) - republican senator jeff flake’s surprise decision to drop out of next year’s u.s. senate race in arizona could be bad news both for the republican who was challenging him and for the democrat seeking to win the seat for her party. republican kelli ward and democratic u.s. representative kyrsten sinema had
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday backed new sanctions on lebanon’s iran-backed hezbollah militia
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump declined to say on wednesday whether he will visit the korean peninsula’s demilitarized zone during an upcoming asia tour. “i’d rather not say
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. judge has given fusion gps
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump and the u.s. house of representatives’ top tax law writer reopened the door on wednesday to changes in the 401(k) retirement savings program
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is unlikely to pick economic adviser gary cohn as his nominee for federal reserve chairman because cohn is playing a crucial role in the white house tax reform effort
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator jeff flake said on wednesday he expects more  republican colleagues to speak out against donald trump’s behavior and policies
" san francisco (reuters) - moscow-based antivirus software maker kaspersky lab said on wednesday that its security software had taken source code for a secret american hacking tool from a personal computer in the united states.  in september
"united nations (reuters) - a united nations rights expert voiced concern on wednesday that trump administration actions would be harmful to a free press in the united states. “there’s a long-term detrimental impact on respect for ...  first amendment values
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan senate proposal to shore up obamacare insurance marketplaces would cut the u.s. deficit by $3.8 billion over the next decade and would not substantially change the number of americans with health insurance
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. attorney’s office in manhattan is investigating paul manafort for potential money laundering
"washington (reuters) - the senate environment and public works committee on wednesday approved four nominees to key posts at the environmental protection agency
"washington (reuters) - here are highlights of a reuters interview on wednesday with u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan. on estimates that the republican tax plan could increase federal deficit by $1.5 trillion “the $1.5 (trillion) – without getting too deep into the details – represents incorporating the bill that we’ve always intended writing in the ways and means committee in the house
 ryan says: reuters interview"
 timing uncertain: reuters interview"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator marco rubio said on wednesday that tax legislation is likely to include an expanded child tax credit
 cut spending elsewhere"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department is weighing whether a financial enforcement task force created during the obama administration in the wake of the housing crisis is still relevant
"washington (reuters) - tensions among republicans about president donald trump boiled over on tuesday as two senators accused trump of debasing u.s. politics and the country’s standing abroad
 nuclear: u.s. energy secretary"
 refugees from 11 countries face additional u.s. barriers"
 wall street score victory in dismantling class-action rule"
 uranium deal"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday formally dropped plans to hear the last remaining challenge to an earlier version of president donald trump’s travel ban targeting several muslim-majority countries and a ban on refugees
"washington (reuters) - top democrats in the u.s. house of representatives are refusing to endorse a republican move to find out who paid the firm that commissioned a dossier alleging ties between donald trump’s presidential campaign and russia
"(reuters) - the iowa supreme court has maintained a block on a three-day waiting period for women seeking an abortion until a legal challenge concludes
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump used a luncheon with senate republicans on tuesday to get their views on who he should tap to be the next leader of the federal reserve
"washington (reuters) - a senate panel on tuesday approved legislation to renew the national security agency’s internet surveillance program
"washington (reuters) - draft legislation responding to u.s. president donald trump’s refusal to certify the iran nuclear deal would set tough new terms for the pact
"san francisco (reuters) - twitter inc (twtr.n) said on tuesday it would add labels to election-related advertisements and say who is behind each of them
"(reuters) - new abortion regulations took effect on tuesday in missouri that critics argue will make it more difficult for women to access the procedure. a judge on monday declined to block a requirement that physicians performing abortions inform their patients about abortion risks at least 72 hours before their procedure. previously
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration will temporarily delay the processing of most refugees from 11 countries deemed to be high-risk
"chicago (reuters) - illinois’ republican governor has launched an unusual attack ad in his re-election campaign that features three neighboring governors crediting their states’ job gains to illinois taxes crafted by a state house democratic leader. illinois republican governor bruce rauner
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator jeff flake
washington (reuters) - a majority of the u.s. senate on tuesday backed a new round of disaster aid to help puerto rico and several states recover from damage from hurricanes and wildfires. the legislation would provide $36.5 billion in emergency relief as puerto rico in particular struggles to regain electricity and other basic services following destructive hurricanes. the house of representatives approved the bill earlier this month. the trump administration already has indicated it will seek another round of emergency relief from congress. 
"san diego (reuters) - nine months after president donald trump took office
"washington (reuters) - the united states is “very disappointed” that russia on tuesday cast a veto at the united nations security council against renewing a mandate to continue an investigation into who was responsible for the use of chemical weapons during syria’s civil war.  “we are disappointed
"washington (reuters) - fewer than a third of americans support donald trump’s tax-cut plan
 republicans on tax plan"
"washington (reuters) - republican leaders of two committees in the u.s. house of representatives launched an investigation on tuesday into the purchase by a russian firm several years ago of a canadian company that owned some 20 percent of u.s. uranium supplies. republican lawmakers say they want to know whether the transaction was fully investigated by the fbi and other agencies before it was approved by a panel that oversees foreign investment in u.s. strategic assets. some republicans have claimed that hillary clinton’s state department approved the deal after her husband’s charitable foundation received a $145 million donation
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator bob corker eviscerated president donald trump repeatedly on national television on tuesday
"(reuters) - u.s. senator bob corker has spent much of the past two months in a very public war of words with president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the state department is considering formally declaring the crackdown on myanmar’s rohingya muslims to be ethnic cleansing
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump began talks with republican senators on tuesday to try to build consensus for proposed tax cuts in a meeting that was overshadowed by an exchange of insults between the president and one of the lawmakers. trump has asked his fellow republicans who control congress to pass a package of tax cuts
"washington (reuters) - two prominent republican lawmakers from the u.s. senate and house of representatives on tuesday proposed short-term measures to stabilize obamacare health insurance markets that would compete with bipartisan legislation under discussion in the senate. the proposal outlined by republican senator orrin hatch
"(reuters) - the republican tax overhaul framework being promoted by president donald trump calls for slashing taxes on corporations
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on tuesday said he believed that republicans’ sweeping tax overhaul would help bring in $4 trillion in foreign profits from u.s. companies. “it’s going to bring back
 stock market"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. government officials declined on tuesday to characterize the treatment of myanmar’s rohingya muslims as ethnic cleansing
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on tuesday said he wants the house of representatives to pass a republican tax cut bill by the nov. 23 thanksgiving holiday
 kurds to resolve conflict through dialogue"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on monday dismissed the possibility of curbing a popular tax-deferred u.s. retirement savings program to help pay for his sweeping tax cuts
 nfl
"(reuters) - iowa on monday withdrew a request to waive some obamacare rules to help shore up its struggling healthcare insurance market
"san francisco (reuters) - a u.s. judge on monday appeared skeptical toward a request from several states that want him to order the administration of republican president donald trump to continue payments to health insurers under obamacare.  at a hearing in san francisco federal court
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representatives from both parties asked the department of justice on monday whether the domestic terrorism law would cover actions by protesters that shut oil pipelines last year
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi defended the role of an iranian-backed paramilitary force at a meeting with u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on monday in baghdad. tillerson arrived on monday hours after the iraqi government rejected his call to send home the popular mobilisation
"somerville
"boston (reuters) - new hampshire governor chris sununu on monday publicly called on u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. intelligence officials who worked for both republican and democratic presidents urged congress on monday to renew an internet surveillance program they said has stopped militant plots and helped policymakers steer through international crises. the program
 very close' to making fed chair decision"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he has not been asked for an interview with u.s. special counsel robert mueller
"edison
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he would make his choice to lead the federal reserve soon and was still weighing at least three people: federal reserve governor jerome powell
"(reuters) - the digital director for donald trump’s 2016 election campaign is scheduled to meet the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee on tuesday as the panel investigates alleged russian meddling in last year’s election
 white house
"washington (reuters) - charles schumer
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on sunday he was willing to bring healthcare legislation up for a vote but was waiting for the go-ahead from president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on sunday he has not abandoned his  longtime goal of making sure any tax cuts are revenue neutral
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump defended his regular use of social media
"new york (reuters) - former u.s. president jimmy carter said he would be willing to travel to north korea on behalf of the trump administration to help diffuse rising tensions
 subject to 'further information'"
"(reuters) - a federal judge in hawaii extended his halt of u.s. president donald trump’s travel ban on citizens from six muslim-majority countries. u.s. district judge derrick watson
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s tax reform plans won partial support on friday when republican u.s. senator rand paul said he was “all in” for massive tax cuts
 economist taylor to lead central bank"
"new york (reuters) - president trump’s administration has drafted a plan to pause a program that allows family members join refugees already settled in the united states until they can undergo increased security checks
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on friday he thinks republicans have the votes needed to pass a big tax cut package. in an interview with fox business network set to air on sunday
"san francisco (reuters) - nearly two dozen major companies in technology and other industries are planning to launch a coalition to demand legislation that would allow young
 u.s. democrats charge"
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. environmental protection agency has backed off a series of proposed changes to the nation’s biofuels policy after a massive backlash from corn-state lawmakers worried the moves would undercut ethanol demand
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday he was considering tapping both current federal reserve governor jerome powell and stanford university economist john taylor to serve in top posts at the u.s. central bank. “it is in my thinking
 taylor for either fed chair or vice chair"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s disavowal this week of a bipartisan agreement to stabilize obamacare has further eroded the already minimal trust congressional democrats had in him
 united kingdom"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives will vote next week on new sanctions on iran’s ballistic missile program and on lebanon’s iran-backed hezbollah militia
 key to trump tax effort"
"washington (reuters) - the senate intelligence committee investigating u.s. allegations of russian interference in the 2016 election said on friday it had postponed a public hearing with michael cohen
 democrats watch virginia governor's race"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has stepped up the pressure on the national football league over protests by its players during the national anthem by launching a petition and asking his supporters to show their patriotism by backing it. the move came after nfl commissioner roger goodell this week rejected trump’s calls to punish players who kneel for the anthem to protest racism. trump has said the protests are unpatriotic and disrespectful of military veterans. “the president has asked for a list of supporters who stand for the national anthem. add your name below to show your patriotism and support
"washington (reuters) - when donald trump faced criticism from advocacy groups for not including more women and minorities in his cabinet last january
 insurers with dueling price plans"
"geneva (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump risks driving iran towards nuclear proliferation and worsening a standoff with north korea if washington ends a nuclear deal with tehran
"the woodlands
"washington (reuters) - senator john mccain
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats on thursday failed to pass a measure to block oil and gas drilling in part of the arctic national wildlife reserve
"washington (reuters) - cia director mike pompeo on thursday said
 children refugees: sources"
"washington (reuters) - a senior white house aide said on thursday that u.s. president donald trump would demand steps toward repealing obamacare in any healthcare legislation
 could decide next week: source"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump met on thursday with federal reserve chair janet yellen
 defends immigration and trade"
 taxes ended for health deal"
washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senators lindsey graham and bill cassidy said on thursday they were working with republican senator ron johnson and members of the house of representatives to add more “flexibility provisions” to a proposed bipartisan bill to stabilize the healthcare insurance market in the short term. they said in a statement these provisions were needed to win support in the house for the stabilization measure introduced by republican senator lamar alexander and democratic senator patty murray to shore up the insurance markets created under the 2010 healthcare law by reviving subsidies for two years to help lower-income americans obtain medical coverage. president donald trump said last week that he was discontinuing the subsidies. [nl2n1mu1cs]  
" philadelphia (reuters) - tom westerman voted for donald trump in last year’s election but says he might not do so again after the president cut off billions of dollars in obamacare subsidies to health insurance companies.  “it really upset me
 twitter political ads"
"(reuters) - federal reserve governor jerome powell is the leading candidate to become the chair of the u.s. central bank after president donald trump concluded a series of meetings with five finalists on thursday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday he will work with the u.s. congress to approve grants and loans to help rebuild puerto rico after it was devastated by hurricane maria a month ago. already mired in debt after years of recession
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government is scrapping rules on telegraphs even though carriers no longer exist
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives committee on natural resources
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on thursday the u.s. military did not have all the accurate information on an ambush in niger earlier this month that killed four u.s. soldiers. “the loss of our troops is under investigation
"new york (reuters) - u.s. ambassador to the united nations nikki haley on thursday described russian interference in u.s. elections as “warfare.” u.s. intelligence agencies have concluded that russia used cyber-enabled means in an attempt to help president donald trump win the white house
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will meet with senate republicans at their weekly policy lunch next tuesday
"new york (ifr) - the investigative arm of congress has decided that us bank guidelines on leveraged lending are subject to congressional review
"washington (reuters) - senator john mccain suggested on thursday that the senate armed services committee
"new york (reuters) - a group of 22 members of the u.s. house of representatives asked the environmental protection agency in a letter on thursday not to lower some requirements for mixing biofuels into the country’s fuel supply
"sochi
 loans for puerto rico"
" (this story corrects ninth paragraph to say that refiners want exported ethanol to qualify for renewable credits
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. representative pat tiberi announced his retirement on thursday from the house of representatives
 short-sighted'"
 defense ties given china's rise: tillerson"
"washington (reuters) - the check has been sent. that was the message from the white house on wednesday after the father of a slain u.s. army sergeant said a generous offer from president donald trump had not materialized. chris baldridge told the washington post that trump offered his family $25
"winston-salem
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on wednesday the united states held myanmar’s military leadership responsible for its harsh crackdown on the rohingya muslim minority. tillerson
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan deal from two senators to stabilize obamacare by restoring subsidies to health insurers suffered major setbacks on wednesday with the white house saying president donald trump now opposes it and senior republicans speaking out against it. house of representatives speaker paul ryan
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has selected joseph simons
"washington (reuters) - more than 40 lawmakers urged the trump administration on wednesday to reimpose u.s. travel bans on myanmar’s military leaders and prepare targeted sanctions against those responsible for a crackdown on the country’s rohingya muslim minority. in a letter sent to u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson
"san francisco (reuters) - a u.s. federal judge said on wednesday he would likely issue a ruling next week on a request from several u.s. states to block president donald trump’s decision to terminate cost-sharing payments to health insurance companies under obamacare.  u.s. district judge vince chhabria in san francisco federal court said he would likely hold a hearing on monday or tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans appeared to have enough votes on wednesday to pass a budget measure that is crucial to president donald trump’s hopes of enacting tax reform legislation before the end of the year. senate republican whip john cornyn
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will pakistan next week during an asian trip that will also take him to the country’s rival india
"chicago (reuters) - chicago mayor rahm emanuel proposed a fiscal 2018 budget on wednesday that he said eschews “fiscal smoke and mirrors
 puerto rico governor to discuss hurricane aid at white house"
"new york (reuters) - a federal judge in new york voiced skepticism on wednesday over whether groups and individuals should be able to proceed with a lawsuit against president donald trump alleging that he violated the u.s. constitution by accepting foreign payments through his hotels and other businesses. u.s. district judge george daniels also questioned government lawyers seeking to have him throw out the suit accusing trump of running afoul of the constitution’s “emoluments” clause by maintaining ownership of his business empire while in office. daniels said he would rule within a month or two on whether he will continue to hear the suit. the emoluments clause
"(reuters) - u.s. legislation that would impose new disclosure requirements on political ads that run on facebook and other websites received support on wednesday from senator john mccain
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate finance committee chairman orrin hatch on wednesday rejected a bipartisan healthcare deal aimed at stabilizing obamacare
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will announce his decision on who will be the chair of the federal reserve in the “coming days
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump thinks a bipartisan healthcare bill aimed at stabilizing obamacare by restoring subsidies to health insurers is a step in the right direction but he does not support the measure
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of defense james mattis this week asked congress to halt pending legislation that would compel the u.s. to alert foreign governments when the pentagon has decided to combat certain cyber attacks
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican whip john cornyn said on wednesday that republicans appear to have enough votes to pass a budget measure that is vital to president donald trump’s aim of enacting tax reform legislation before january. “i believe we do
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions refused on wednesday to  answer lawmakers’ questions about his discussions with president donald trump on russia and denied lying to congress about his own contacts with russians during the 2016 election campaign. in often testy exchanges with senate democrats
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john thune
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic lawmakers called on wednesday for a congressional committee to issue subpoenas to the white house and three companies for documents about fired national security adviser michael flynn.     in a letter to trey gowdy
"washington (reuters) - a second u.s. federal judge has blocked parts of president donald trump’s latest travel ban on people entering the united states from eight countries
 trump says he will not 'enrich' insurance companies"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday backed away from a bipartisan deal on healthcare reached by two senators a day earlier
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has interviewed several top prospects for the post of chair of the federal reserve. a nomination could come within weeks as the term of current chair janet yellen ends in february 2018. yellen will meet with trump about the job on thursday. (for a graphic on the next chair of the federal reserve
"washington (reuters) - senate republicans scrambled on tuesday to ensure support for a budget resolution vital to president donald trump’s drive to overhaul the u.s. tax code
 trump indicates support"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on tuesday signaled support for a bipartisan healthcare deal in the u.s. senate
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house of representatives panel said on tuesday that it has scheduled an oct. 24 hearing to examine puerto rico’s hurricane recovery efforts and the role of a financial oversight board in those efforts. the house committee on natural resources
 greek prime minister
"washington (reuters) - the united states on tuesday declined to name china as a currency manipulator although it remained critical of the chinese government’s economic policies ahead of a planned visit to beijing by president donald trump. the semi-annual u.s. treasury currency report said no countries deserved the currency manipulator label
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. lawmaker who was president donald trump’s pick for drug czar withdrew on tuesday after a report he spearheaded a bill that hurt the government’s ability to crack down on opioid makers flooding the market with the addictive painkillers. trump had pegged representative tom marino
"san francisco/washington (reuters) - a u.s. judge on tuesday blocked president donald trump’s latest bid to impose restrictions on citizens from several countries entering the united states
"washington (reuters) - u.s president donald trump said on tuesday that his administration has informed congress of a potential sale to upgrade the f-16 aircraft in greece’s air force
"washington (reuters) - greek prime minister alexis tsipras said on tuesday it was important for turkey to remain part of the nato security alliance and continue its orientation toward europe despite current tensions between the two countries. “we continue to support the turkish course toward europe
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senator on tuesday asked the defense department to explain how it manages the risks when it uses software that has been scrutinized by foreign governments
 despite trump rebuke"
"washington (reuters) - the central intelligence agency thought for months that it had mistakenly shredded a massive u.s. senate report on its use of waterboarding and other “enhanced interrogation techniques” before suddenly discovering that its copy had not been lost after all
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats vowed on tuesday to fight a measure expected to be slipped into budget legislation that would open alaska’s arctic national wildlife reserve to oil and gas drilling
"(reuters) - the u.s. senate intelligence committee has asked the son of president donald trump’s former national security adviser to provide documents and testimony as part of the panel’s probe into russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions directed the agency on tuesday to hire an asset forfeiture oversight chief
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is leaning toward naming former pharmaceutical industry executive alex azar as his pick to lead the department of health and human services
"greenbelt
 opposition divided"
"washington (reuters) - an oct. 24 hearing in the u.s. congress on puerto rico’s recovery from hurricane maria will assess whether a financial oversight board managing the american territory’s debt should take on the responsibility of overseeing rebuilding efforts. a spokesman for the house of representatives natural resources committee also said on tuesday that the panel will probe whether the financial oversight board would need new tools if it oversees hurricane-related actions
 sanders focuses on smaller races"
 says ready for tax debate"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has a pool of five candidates to choose from for the next chair of the federal reserve and is likely to announce his choice before going to asia in early november
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on tuesday he believed republicans had enough votes to pass a healthcare bill that would allocate block grants to states. “as soon as we’re finished with taxes ... we really feel like we have the votes to get block grants into the states where the states can much better manage this money and much better take care of the people
"washington (reuters) - republican senator rand paul on tuesday threatened to vote ‘no’ on a budget resolution republican leaders aim to bring up for a vote this week unless they decide to stick with spending caps
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. federal communications commission’s chairman said tuesday the agency does not have authority to revoke broadcast licenses
 fallen soldiers"
"washington (reuters) - like the deal-maker he says he is
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on monday he would review a report that his nominee for drug czar championed a law that weakened the government’s ability to fight the nation’s opioid epidemic
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans on monday gained crucial support for a vote on a budget resolution that is vital to president donald trump’s hopes of signing sweeping tax reform legislation into law before january. two republican lawmakers
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on monday voted to confirm president donald trump’s nomination of callista gingrich to be the u.s. ambassador to the vatican. gingrich
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator bob corker
' urges democratic help for short-term fix"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator lisa murkowski said on monday that she was leaning toward a “yes” vote on a senate budget resolution intended to facilitate the passage of tax reform legislation later this year. “i am leaning ‘yes
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. political research firm that commissioned a dossier on donald trump while he was running for president said on monday it would not comply with subpoenas issued by the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee. lawyers for fusion gps
"washington (reuters) - a woman who has said that u.s. president donald trump groped her during a 2007 meeting has subpoenaed his presidential campaign for any documents concerning similar allegations
"washington (reuters) - the united states sought on monday to avoid openly taking sides in an iraqi-kurdish dispute
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will meet with federal reserve chair janet yellen on thursday as part of his search for a new candidate for her position
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on monday that he believes havana is responsible for a series of incidents that washington thinks hurt at least 22 u.s. diplomats over a period of months in cuba
"washington (reuters) - the united states on monday condemned venezuela’s weekend gubernatorial elections as neither free nor fair and vowed to use its economic and diplomatic power to support venezuelans in restoring democracy in the oil-exporting nation. “we condemn the lack of free and fair elections yesterday in venezuela. the voice of the venezuelan people was not heard
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. environmental protection agency issued a directive to his agency on monday seeking to end the practice of settling lawsuits with environmental groups behind closed doors
"washington (reuters) - republican senator thad cochran has delayed his return to washington following a medical procedure
"newark
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on monday he is weighing recommendations for welfare reform as his government looks for ways to cut costs. speaking to reporters at the beginning of a cabinet meeting
"newark
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration on monday will order federal agencies to adopt common email security standards in an effort to better protect against hackers
"(reuters) - democrat kevin de leon
"washington (reuters) - senior trump administration officials said on sunday that the united states was committed to remaining part of the iran nuclear accord for now
 bipartisan prospects"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on sunday minimized tensions with his boss
 spent $1.1 million on legal fees"
"washington (reuters) - secretary of state rex tillerson said sunday that president donald trump had instructed him to continue diplomatic efforts to calm rising tensions with north korea
"moscow (reuters) - politicians from north and south korea will not hold direct talks in russia on monday about pyongyang’s nuclear and missile program despite attending the same event and being urged to do so by moscow
 germany committed to iran nuclear deal: may's office"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator susan collins
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump struck a blow against the 2015 iran nuclear agreement on friday in defiance of other world powers
 germany warns after trump's move on iran nuclear deal"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator bob corker stepped up his public feud with donald trump on friday
"arlington
"washington (reuters) - the administration of president donald trump has been quietly cutting support for halfway houses for federal prisoners
 trump looks to deliver for his voters"
"washington (reuters) - advocates for americans imprisoned by iranian authorities said on friday they were concerned the trump administration’s hard line on iran would close off the chance for talks to secure the prisoners’ release. in a major shift in u.s. policy
"washington (reuters) - in friday’s speech laying out his strategy toward iran and his decision not to certify it is complying with the 2015 nuclear agreement
"(reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on friday that the federal government would provide more funding for puerto rico’s long-term rebuilding
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s former white house chief of staff reince priebus was interviewed on friday by the special counsel investigating whether the trump campaign colluded with russia during the 2016 u.s. election. “mr. priebus was voluntarily interviewed by special counsel mueller’s team today
 reviewing plans"
"washington/san francisco (reuters) - eighteen u.s. states sued president donald trump’s administration on friday to stop him from scrapping a key component of obamacare
"ankara (reuters) - iran harshly reacted to president donald trump’s decision not to certify its nuclear deal with six major powers
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on friday that tensions between kurdish and iraqi forces in and around kirkuk had the full attention of the united states
"new york (reuters) - green groups on friday slammed u.s. president donald trump for choosing a nominee for white house environmental panel who wrote in an opinion article last year that carbon dioxide is not a pollutant. the white house said on thursday that trump had nominated kathleen hartnett white
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s call for congress to toughen the iran nuclear deal faced opposition on friday from among the ranks of his fellow republicans as well as from democrats
 eu and russia defend nuclear deal after trump threat"
 focused on healthcare"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on friday he had not yet seen any provocative actions from iran following president donald trump’s speech outlining a more confrontational approach to iran and added there had been no change in u.s. military posture so far. “right now
"dubai (reuters) - the united arab emirates said on friday it fully supported the new u.s. policy toward iran and it renewed its commitment to work with washington to counter iran’s support of extremism
"vienna (reuters) - the chief of the u.n. atomic watchdog reiterated on friday that iran was under the world’s “most robust nuclear verification regime” after u.s. president donald trump struck a blow against a 2015 iran nuclear deal
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron assured iranian president hassan rouhani on friday of france’s commitment to the 2015 iranian nuclear deal
"moscow (reuters) - russia said on friday after u.s. president donald trump chose not to certify a deal on iran’s nuclear program that there was no place in international diplomacy for aggressive rhetoric
"washington (reuters) - president trump told reporters on friday that democratic leaders should come to the white house to negotiate a deal on healthcare
"moscow (reuters) - russian deputy foreign minister sergei ryabkov said on friday it was “extremely troubling” that u.s. president donald trump was raising questions that had been settled when an international deal on iran’s nuclear program was signed
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on friday he wants to see action to fix the flaws he sees in the iran nuclear deal in a short period of time
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 u.s. house of representatives republican
 sees chance to change nuclear deal"
"brussels (reuters) - the united states cannot unilaterally cancel the 2015 nuclear deal between iran and world powers
"dubai (reuters) - saudi arabia welcomed the new u.s. policy toward iran and said lifting sanctions had allowed iran to develop its ballistic missile program and step up its support for militant groups
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel’s intelligence minister said u.s. president donald trump’s speech against the 2015 international nuclear deal with iran on friday was “very significant” and could lead to war given threats that preceded it from tehran. israel’s channel 2 tv asked intelligence minister israel katz whether he saw a risk of war after trump’s speech. “absolutely
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer on friday expressed optimism on chances for a deal with republicans to continue obamacare’s subsidy payments for low-income people
"washington (reuters) - a coalition of u.s. states will file a new lawsuit challenging president donald trump’s plan to end obamacare subsidies to health insurers that help low-income people pay out-of-pocket medical expenses
"san francisco (reuters) - california attorney general xavier becerra said on friday that he will lead a coalition of states suing to prevent president donald trump from ending obamacare subsidies to health insurers that help low-income people pay out-of-pocket medical expenses. california will be joined by kentucky
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will strike a blow against the 2015 iran nuclear agreement on friday in defiance of other world powers
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump struck a blow against the 2015 iran nuclear agreement on friday in defiance of other world powers
 sandberg tells axios"
 other social media firms over russia probe"
"arlington
"washington (reuters) - mexican finance minister jose antonio meade said on friday that mexico’s peso was reacting with volatility to “tension” in nafta talks
"washington (reuters) - representatives of facebook
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico would keep trading with canada under the north american free trade agreement (nafta) even if the united states opts to abandon the pact
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on friday that it was difficult for the trump administration’s tax plan not to cut taxes for the wealthiest earners. “if you’re cutting taxes
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin on friday said he expects to publish a much-anticipated review of the financial stability oversight council (fsoc) ahead of a review of special rules that would allow regulators to step in and unwind a troubled lender.  the fsoc comprises the country’s major financial regulators and oversees the designation of large financial firms as systemically important
"washington (reuters) - a new package of u.s. disaster assistance sailed through the house of representatives on thursday
' have 'unmatched spirit'"
"london (reuters) - a top u.s. government legal official has given strong backing to britain’s campaign to force silicon valley to compromise on encrypted communications
 mexico vow to stick with nafta talks
"(reuters) - u.s. demands for more favorable treatment under the north american free trade agreement
"mexico city (reuters) - prime minister justin trudeau said on thursday canada will not walk away from talks to rehash the north american free trade agreement (nafta) despite a u.s. proposal to include a clause that could terminate the pact in five years. speaking at a news conference with mexican president enrique pena nieto in mexico city as a fourth round of talks to renegotiate nafta was held near washington
 shale gas on u.s. agenda in trade talks"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will stop payments worth billions of dollars to health insurers to subsidize low-income americans
"washington (reuters) - the white house said late on thursday that it cannot lawfully pay subsidies to health insurance companies under the obamacare health law
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s plan to make it easier for small businesses to band together and buy stripped-down health insurance plans could violate a federal law governing employee benefit plans and will almost certainly be challenged in court
 says job is not to control trump"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump met on wednesday with stanford university economist john taylor in his search for a new chair of the federal reserve
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. congress
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers are considering indirect paths to meeting president donald trump’s goal of slashing the corporate tax rate to 20 percent
"(reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder denied thursday that he had misled a u.s. house of representatives committee last year over testimony on flint’s water crisis after lawmakers asked if his testimony had been contradicted by a witness in a court hearing. the house oversight and government reform committee wrote snyder earlier thursday asking him about published reports that one of his aides
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator elizabeth warren on thursday urged the justice department’s top antitrust official to recuse himself from an ongoing review of at&t inc’s planned $85.4 billion acquisition of time warner inc. she urged assistant attorney general for antitrust makan delrahim
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan pair of michigan lawmakers introduced a bill to make it easier for automakers to comply with federal fuel efficiency requirements
"washington (reuters) - senator marco rubio said on thursday he has urged u.s. president donald trump to create a high-level task force to provide ideas and advice for helping puerto rico to rebuild after hurricane maria
"washington (reuters) - a suggestion by president donald trump that a u.s. regulator pull broadcast licenses from tv networks over what trump calls “fake news” has been met by silence from the watchdog’s head ajit pai
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. energy secretary defended his plan to reward nuclear plants with incentives against criticism it would manipulate markets by telling a congressional hearing on thursday that a strong domestic nuclear industry boosted national security.  rick perry pushed the federal energy regulatory commission on sept. 29 to issue a rule within 60 days that would reward aging nuclear and coal-fired power plants that store 90 days of fuel on site. he has said those plants should be supported for their ability to boost the reliability of the u.s. power grid.  many u.s. representatives at the hearing
"washington (reuters) - white house chief of staff john kelly said on thursday his role was not to control president donald trump or his twitter habit. “i was not brought to this job to control anything but the flow of information to our president so that he can make the best decisions
"new york/washington (reuters) - a democratic u.s. congressman is asking the department of energy’s watchdog to investigate energy secretary rick perry’s travel on chartered aircraft
"falls church
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday prescribed a quick fix to undo obamacare through executive order after republicans in the u.s. congress failed to repeal and replace the healthcare law as promised
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday said federal assistance cannot stay “forever” on the u.s. territory of puerto rico following recent hurricanes
"washington (reuters) - white house chief of staff john kelly said on friday the federal government would stand with puerto rico in its recovery efforts until the “job is done
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that it is committed to helping puerto rico recover from the devastation caused by hurricane maria and is working with the territory’s governor and the u.s. congress on the government’s response. “we are committed to helping puerto rico. our administration is working with governor (ricardo) rossello and congress to identify the best fiscally responsible path forward
 mexico pacts if nafta talks fail"
"mexico city (reuters) - business leaders attending a u.s.-mexico ceo conference said on wednesday that no north american free trade agreement would be better than a bad deal
"(reuters) - democrats desperate to rebuild after losing the white house last year have scored a string of election victories for statehouse seats
"san jose
"tokyo (reuters) - japan will propose changes to its safeguard mechanism on frozen u.s. beef imports that will shorten review periods and allow importers to voluntarily lower import volumes to prevent tariffs from automatically kicking in
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday nominated the chief executive of accuweather inc to head the government’s meteorological agency that monitors the climate and issues daily weather forecasts. trump nominated barry myers
 trump talks north korea"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump plans to name john rood
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump suggested challenging licenses for nbc and other broadcast news networks following reports by nbc news that his secretary of state had called him a “moron” after a discussion of the u.s. nuclear arsenal. “with all of the fake news coming out of nbc and the networks
"harrisburg
 but more aid to come: official"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will nominate kirstjen nielsen
 but more aid to come: official"
"washington (reuters) - although u.s. president donald trump has talked about walking away from nafta if necessary
 not ditching
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday tough negotiations were ahead on the north american free trade agreement but a deal was possible and he would consider having a trade pact with canada but not mexico. trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday denied a report from nbc news that he told his national security advisers in july he wanted to increase the country’s nuclear arsenal by nearly tenfold
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis on wednesday slammed what he said were “absolutely false” media reports asserting that president donald trump had called for an increase in the u.s. nuclear arsenal. “this kind of erroneous reporting is irresponsible
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on wednesday the house will take up supplemental disaster funding to help areas hit by hurricanes and wildfires on thursday. “we think it’s critical that we pass this legislation this week to give the people in california the support that they need to fight these fires
" washington (reuters) - the trump administration is nearing completion of new “buy american” rules to make it easier to sell u.s.-made military drones overseas and compete against fast-growing chinese and israeli rivals
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on tuesday he likely will sign an order this week that is expected to allow americans to buy stripped-down health insurance policies
"washington (reuters) - nfl team owners will consider requiring football players to stand for the u.s. national anthem after president donald trump on tuesday suggested using tax laws to penalize the league for players who kneel in protest of racial injustice. trump
"washington (reuters) - three congressional committees are scuffling over a former british spy’s reports that are central to investigations into u.s. allegations that russia tried to help donald trump’s 2016 presidential campaign
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. treasury official dashed hopes for a world bank capital increase in the near term
"(reuters) - president donald trump has appointed eric hargan as acting secretary of health and human services (hhs)
"washington (reuters) - carter page
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on tuesday his public feud with senator bob corker would not harm his push for a tax-code overhaul
 says most effective at fda"
"ankara (reuters) - president tayyip erdogan blamed the u.s. ambassador to turkey on tuesday for a diplomatic crisis between the two countries and said ankara no longer considered him washington’s envoy. in a blunt and personal attack on outgoing ambassador john bass
"washington (reuters) - susan collins
"mexico city/washington (reuters) - the most powerful u.s. business lobby accused the trump administration of making “poison pill proposals” to sabotage nafta on tuesday
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on tuesday stepped up his war of words over national football league players’ silent protests against racial injustice
"mexico city (reuters) - the fourth round of talks to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement have been prolonged until oct. 17
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico will only remain within the north american free trade agreement if the renegotiated treaty is good for the country
"washington (reuters) - a diplomatic dispute between turkey and the united states has not affected military operations or personnel out of turkey
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he has prepared an “economic-development” measure that would punish companies that globally outsource jobs. the bill would provide economic incentives for companies
"belgrade (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan said on tuesday the united states should dismiss its ambassador to ankara if he took the decision to suspend visa services in turkey
 not jobs"
"washington (reuters) - a public feud between president donald trump and influential fellow republican bob corker could narrow the path for a tax overhaul in the u.s. senate
"washington (reuters) - while democrats and immigration advocates recoiled at hard-line immigration proposals unveiled this week by the white house
 vp pence 
 hackers
"(reuters) - outside the morgan county fair in mcconnelsville
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on saturday said “only one thing will work” in dealing with north korea after previous administrations had talked to pyongyang without results. “presidents and their administrations have been talking to north korea for 25 years
 stocks tumble"
"istanbul (reuters) - the u.s. ambassador to turkey said on monday the duration of a suspension in visa services in turkey would depend on talks between the two governments regarding the detention of turkish staff at the u.s. embassy. in a written statement
"(reuters) - california governor jerry brown on monday signed state legislation requiring drug companies to report certain price hikes for prescription medicines in a move that could set a model for other states to follow. the law
"washington/new york (reuters) - the head of the u.s. environmental protection agency said on monday he would sign a proposed rule on tuesday to begin withdrawing from the clean power plan
"kiev (reuters) - turkey’s president tayyip erdogan said on monday a u.s. decision to suspend visa services in turkey was upsetting
 84
"ankara (reuters) - turkish authorities summoned a u.s. consulate worker to testify on monday over his relatives’ alleged links to last year’s failed coup attempt
 calls for end to visa dispute: sources"
 crackdown on unaccompanied minors for 'dreamer' deal"
"(reuters) - with a businessman turned politician now in the oval office
 stocks tumble"
"beijing (reuters) - china said on monday it hopes the iran nuclear deal will stay intact
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence walked out of a national football league game on sunday after some players knelt during the national anthem
"washington (reuters) - congressional democrats rejected president donald trump’s requests on sunday that renewed protection for “dreamers” - people brought illegally to the united states as children - include funding for a border wall and money for thousands more immigration officers.  “we told the president at our meeting that we were open to reasonable border security measures alongside the dream act
"washington (reuters) - the powerful u.s. gun lobby
"ankara (reuters) - turkish embassy in washington said on sunday it suspended all non-immigrant visa services at all turkish diplomatic facilities in the united states
"washington (reuters) - erik prince
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said in an interview broadcast on saturday that he wanted to give a shot at achieving peace between israel and the palestinians before moving the u.s. embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem. in june trump signed a temporary order to keep the u.s. embassy in tel aviv
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on saturday he would be open to cutting a one-year or two-year deal with democratic rivals as a way to kick-start reform of the nation’s healthcare system
 but they have good relationship"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will announce new u.s. responses to iran’s missile tests
 says trump can not undermine it"
"washington/new york (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration on friday undermined requirements under the obamacare law that employers provide insurance to cover women’s birth control
"los angeles (reuters) - co-chairman harvey weinstein was taking an indefinite leave from the weinstein co
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. treasury on friday unveiled a blueprint for sweeping reforms of the u.s. capital markets as it looks to implement republican president donald trump’s agenda to promote economic growth by slashing red tape. the report recommends a raft of measures to encourage companies to seek public listings
 setting scene for clash"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. environmental protection agency’s watchdog is expanding a review of administrator scott pruitt’s frequent travels to his home state oklahoma to include more recent trips taken on military and charter flights
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump declined on friday to explain what he meant when he described a gathering of military leaders as “the calm before the storm
"(reuters) - the american civil liberties union sued the trump administration on friday over its decision to roll back requirements under obamacare that employers provide insurance to cover women’s birth control. the aclu lawsuit
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house of representatives committee said on friday that it has scheduled a new hearing on kaspersky lab software as lawmakers review accusations that the kremlin could use its products to conduct espionage. kaspersky lab has strongly denied those allegations
"washington (reuters) - the vice chairman of a voter fraud panel set up by u.s. president donald trump began soon after the election to draft legislative changes that would allow states to require voters to prove their citizenship when registering
"washington (reuters) - disagreement among u.s. congressional republicans is already swirling around a tax cut plan unveiled days ago by president donald trump
"san francisco (reuters) - california attorney general xavier becerra said on friday he was “prepared to take whatever action it takes” to defend the obamacare mandate that health insurers provide birth control
 trump talks of 'calm before the storm'"
"washington (reuters) - hundreds of government employees file in and out of the u.s. agency for auto safety in washington every working day
"washington (reuters) - a former british spy who compiled a dossier with allegations that russia helped donald trump in the 2016 u.s. presidential election has met with investigators working for the special counsel on the case
 stock market
"washington (reuters) - white house officials believe chief of staff john kelly’s personal cellphone was compromised
 drawing mixed reaction"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican representative tim murphy will resign from congress on oct. 21
"washington (reuters) - executives from facebook inc (fb.o)
"washington (reuters) - a senior lawyer at the u.s. treasury department’s office of the inspector general said on thursday he found “no violation of law” in treasury secretary steven mnuchin’s use of private jets for seven official trips
"washington (reuters) - congressional republicans moved to hasten an overhaul of the u.s. tax code on thursday
"washington (reuters) - challengers to president donald trump’s travel ban targeting several muslim-majority countries on thursday urged the u.s. supreme court to decide the policy’s legality even though it has been replaced with a revised plan. in separate letters to the court
"new york (reuters) - democratic u.s. senator claire mccaskill on thursday said she drafted a bill stating that tribal sovereign immunity cannot be used to block u.s. patent and trademark office review of a patent.  drugmaker allergan plc made a deal to transfer some of its patents to a native american tribe two weeks ago in order to shield them from review.  mccaskill’s response follows a bipartisan u.s. house of representatives committee decision to investigate the deal earlier this week and previous calls by democratic senators for a probe. “any thinking person would look at what this company did and say
"(reuters) - a group of 38 u.s. senators asked the u.s. environmental protection agency on thursday to abandon plans to lower biofuel requirements for oil refiners in 2018
"washington (reuters) - the national rifle association said on thursday devices that allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully automatic ones need tougher regulation
"los angeles (reuters) - a bill to make california a sanctuary state
"st. louis (reuters) - federal reserve officials have started to push back on the idea that the trump administration’s tax cut plan would boost the economy
"washington (reuters) - a backlash against “bump stock” gun accessories
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday it welcomed efforts by both political parties to address the use of “bump stock” gun accessories
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 republican in the u.s. house of representatives said on thursday that he expects congress will take steps to control the use of “bump stock” gun accessories that enable rifles to be turned into rapid-fire guns
"(reuters) - the u.s. department of justice has reversed course on whether federal law banning sex discrimination in the workplace provides protections for transgender employees
"washington (reuters) - the special counsel investigating whether russia tried to sway the 2016 u.s. election has taken over fbi inquiries into a former british spy’s dossier of allegations of russian financial and personal links to president donald trump’s campaign and associates
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday confirmed randal quarles as the federal reserve’s top official on regulatory matters
" (this october 4 story fixes comment by organization for international investment as referring to historically foreign-based companies in paragraph 13.) washington (reuters) - the trump administration will keep for now an obama-era rule that helped halt a wave of u.s. corporations moving abroad via tax-driven corporate inversion deals
"washington (reuters) - leaders of the u.s. senate intelligence committee said on wednesday the issue of whether president donald trump’s 2016 election campaign colluded with russia remains an open question as the panel intensifies its probe into the matter. republican chairman richard burr and democratic vice chairman mark warner also warned about the risk to future u.s. elections posed by russia
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump denied on thursday that rex tillerson had threatened to resign after a news report that the secretary of state had called him a moron and had to be repeatedly persuaded not to leave the administration. “rex tillerson never threatened to resign
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. department of the interior came under further scrutiny on thursday amid a media report that he had attended a republican fundraiser in march during a government trip to the caribbean. politico
" washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has set many specific and general goals for his administration’s management of the economy
"new york (reuters) - u.s. energy secretary rick perry took a chartered jet to ohio last week
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of u.s. senators introduced legislation on wednesday that would lessen prison sentences for non-violent drug offenders
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate panel on wednesday unanimously gave the green light to a bill aimed at speeding the use of self-driving cars without human controls
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on wednesday he had never considered resigning and was committed to president donald trump’s agenda
"(reuters) - a bipartisan group of u.s. lawmakers unveiled legislation on wednesday that would overhaul aspects of the national security agency’s warrantless internet surveillance program in an effort to install additional privacy protections. the bill
"(reuters) - the u.s. house committee on natural resources said it will work to identify red tape and other bureaucratic hurdles to speed up puerto rico’s recovery and rebuilding
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence never discussed with secretary of state rex tillerson the prospect of the top u.s. diplomat resigning from president donald trump’s administration
"las vegas (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump retains confidence in secretary of state rex tillerson
 equifax breaches"
"washington (reuters) - the head of a private investment firm came one step closer to leading the federal reserve’s regulatory efforts wednesday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s tax plan would let u.s. companies take bigger
"athens (reuters) - greece welcomed a decision by senior archaeologists to conditionally permit a major tourism project in athens on wednesday
"phoenix (reuters) - a federal judge on wednesday upheld president donald trump’s pardon earlier this year of 85-year-old former arizona sheriff joe arpaio
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson did not call president donald trump a moron in a private conversation
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator elizabeth warren criticized equifax inc (efx.n) on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house democrats introduced legislation on wednesday to direct banking regulators to review operations at the country’s largest banks and consider shutting them down if they exhibit repeated wrongdoing to consumers.  the bill
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will be presented with multiple options regarding the future of the iran nuclear deal ahead of an oct. 15 deadline to certify whether tehran is complying with the pact
" nogales
"washington (reuters) - republican senator richard burr
" clyde
 larry fink criticize trump tax plan"
"washington (reuters) - supreme court justices clashed on tuesday over whether courts should curb the long-standing u.s. political practice of drawing electoral maps to entrench one party in power
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department said on tuesday it tapped robert patterson
 fuelling tensions with havana"
"washington (reuters) - the former head of equifax inc (efx.n) apologized repeatedly on tuesday at a congressional hearing for the theft of millions of people’s personal data in a hacking breach
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. official told congress on tuesday it would be “rational” to legislate a path for citizenship for illegal immigrants who came to the united states as children
"(reuters) - warren buffett is closely monitoring whether u.s. president donald trump can lower corporate taxes
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. justice department appeals lawyer is on special counsel robert mueller’s team probing interference in the 2016 presidential election
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. house of representatives committee launched a probe into drugmaker allergan plc’s (agn.n) deal to transfer some of its patents to a native american tribe to shield them from review. a bipartisan group of four representatives from the house oversight and government committee
"washington (reuters) - allowing foreign governments to require reviews of software secrets of technology products built by u.s. companies is “problematic
"havana (reuters) - cuba’s foreign minister bruno rodriguez angrily protested the expulsion of 15 diplomats from the cuban embassy in washington on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. office of special counsel is investigating whether interior secretary ryan zinke broke the law when he gave a speech to a professional hockey team owned by a political donor in june
 tillerson on north korea"
"washington (reuters) - puerto rico
"new york (reuters) - muslim immigrants and an advocacy group filed a fresh lawsuit against president donald trump’s latest version of a travel ban that placed indefinite restrictions on the entry of citizens from eight countries to the united states. the suit filed late monday in federal court in maryland challenges a sep. 24 presidential proclamation limiting travel from iran
 branded the 'enemy' by trump
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on tuesday it hoped that president donald trump’s new ambassador to russia
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration will order nearly two-thirds of cuba’s diplomatic personnel to leave the united states after months of mysterious “attacks” that have damaged the health of american embassy staff in havana
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is discussing border security and other measures that the white house wants to see included in an immigration bill during a dinner with republican lawmakers on monday
"san francisco (reuters) - oracle corp (orcl.n) co-chief executive mark hurd on monday said he does not understand trump administration immigration policies that make it difficult for foreigners to work in the united states after earning an education here. “i don’t understand how we let somebody into this country go to our schools
 democrats urge gun laws; republicans silent"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on monday confirmed federal communications commission chairman ajit pai for another five-year term on the telecommunications regulatory panel where he faces decisions over dismantling obama-era internet protections and a major television station merger. pai won confirmation by 52-41 over objections from democrats
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator rand paul
"washington (reuters) - the interior department’s watchdog agency has launched an investigation into secretary ryan zinke’s travels after reports emerged last week that he had used a private plane owned by an oil executive
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the house intelligence committee said on monday he intended to make a “representative sampling” of facebook inc political ads believed to have been purchased by russia available to the public later this month and that he hoped to make them all public eventually. representative adam schiff confirmed that his committee
 an open bar: tiny wins for puerto rico in ruins"
 puerto rico"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin on sunday said one of the top goals of the trump administration’s tax plan is to help the middle class
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on sunday he does not regret using a government plane to travel to kentucky in august with his wife to view the solar eclipse and speak to business leaders
 seeks dialogue"
 venezuela of human trafficking failings"
"washington (reuters) - north korea has shown no interest in pursuing talks on its nuclear and missile programs
 to decide in two-three weeks"
"beijing (reuters) - chinese president xi jinping offered warm words for u.s. president donald trump on saturday
"beijing (reuters) - the united states must respect china’s concerns on taiwan to avoid causing disturbances in sino-u.s. ties
"beijing (reuters) - the united states is probing north korea to see whether it is interested in dialogue and has multiple direct channels of communication with pyongyang
 price resigns as health secretary over private plane uproar"
"washington (reuters) - the wealthiest americans would benefit the most from president donald trump’s proposed tax cuts while many upper middle-income people would face higher taxes
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration’s ability to win over the u.s. supreme court will be put to the test when the nine justices begin their new term on monday with major cases awaiting on voting rights
"washington (reuters) - the white house on friday cracked down on government officials using charter aircraft following the resignation of health secretary tom price over his use of private planes for government business. in a memo to government agencies
"(reuters) - u.s. health and human services secretary tom price resigned under pressure from president donald trump on friday in an uproar over price’s use of costly private charter planes for government business. the following is a partial list of officials who have been fired or have left the administration since trump took office on jan. 20
000 refugees next year -trump"
"washington (reuters) - the american civil liberties union on friday launched the first legal challenge to president donald trump’s new restrictions on people entering the united states from eight countries. the civil rights group said in a statement that it will seek to amend an existing lawsuit in maryland federal court that was filed against trump’s previous march 6 ban. in a letter filed with u.s. district court judge theodore chuang
 iran
"(reuters) - texas governor greg abbott on friday gave $50 million to houston to help cover costs related to hurricane harvey
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump expressed outrage on friday at the injuries of diplomats at the u.s. embassy in cuba. he spoke to reporters on the white house south lawn after the state department announced a sharp drawdown of u.s. personnel at the embassy. “they did some bad things in cuba
 price resigns as health secretary over private plane uproar"
" washington (reuters) - in the first two months after a june supreme court ruling allowed partial implementation of president donald trump’s travel ban
 republican ex-congressman in n.y. expected to run again"
"washington (reuters) - the united states does not recognize the independence referendum in iraqi kurdistan and urges an end to “threats of reciprocal actions
 to decide in two-three weeks"
"washington (reuters) - the united states is crafting a plan for a drawdown of staff from the american embassy in havana in response to still-unexplained incidents that have harmed the health of some u.s. diplomats there
"(reuters) - a tree trimming company has been handed the largest penalty imposed in a united states immigration case
"washington (reuters) - the white house has launched an internal investigation into the use of private email by senior aides
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump and top aides have urged conservative republicans in congress to craft legislation protecting “dreamers” brought illegally to the united states as children
"washington (reuters) - u.s. health and human services secretary tom price promised on thursday to repay the nearly $52
 fbi resist lawmaker demands for 'trump dossier' files: officials"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will host thai prime minister prayuth chan-ocha at the white house on oct. 2
"cambridge
"chicago (reuters) - former illinois u.s. congressman mel reynolds was found guilty in federal court on thursday for failing to file federal income tax returns
 discusses iran: white house"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate confirmed former utah governor jon huntsman on thursday to be president donald trump’s ambassador to russia
"(reuters) - the republican-led senate finance committee on thursday set an oct. 5 confirmation hearing for gregory doud
"(reuters) - “what happened
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s supreme court appointee neil gorsuch gave a speech to a conservative group on thursday at a hotel in which trump has a financial interest
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers on thursday approved a bill extending the  federal aviation administration’s authority to operate and spend federal money and a package of tax relief bills to aid hurricane victims
"washington (reuters) - a group of republican and democratic senators urged the trump administration on thursday to use the “full weight” of its influence to help resolve the rohingya crisis in myanmar and bangladesh
"washington (reuters) - republican senators john mccain and mike lee introduced a bill on thursday to permanently waive shipping restrictions on puerto rico
 wisconsin deny election systems targeted by russian hackers"
"washington (reuters) - high-income wall street financiers could be unintended winners from a section of u.s. president donald trump’s tax-cut plan that is meant to help mostly small
000 to get $1
"washington (reuters) - two u.s. senators from both parties are close to finalizing a bipartisan deal to shore up the health insurance exchanges created under obamacare
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted 55 to 41 on thursday to advance the nomination of federal communications commission chairman ajit pai to serve a new five-year term heading the u.s. telecommunications regulator. the senate is expected to vote monday on final approval. on thursday
"new york (reuters) - connecticut governor dannel malloy on thursday vetoed the $40.7 billion biennial budget passed by lawmakers earlier this month
"washington (reuters) - white house economic adviser gary cohn on thursday said the administration now expects u.s. economic growth to be “substantially” higher than 3 percent
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on thursday that president donald trump’s proposal for a cut in the corporate income tax rate to 20 percent was “not negotiable.” “the president’s number one issue that is not negotiable is 20 percent corporate taxes
"washington (reuters) - u.s. health and human services secretary tom price said on thursday he believed he still had president trump’s confidence
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on thursday said national football league players’ protests were constitutionally protected free speech
 laughter as wounded lawmaker scalise returns to congress"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives budget committee chairman diane black said on thursday republican had enough votes to pass a fiscal 2018 budget resolution which is needed to move tax reform legislation forward
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives will vote on the federal budget next week
 google
000: washington post"
 stirs concerns on deficit"
 facebook
"washington (reuters) - two u.s. senators said late on wednesday that they had reached a bipartisan deal on legislation aimed at easing hurdles to getting self-driving cars to drivers. u.s. senator john thune
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he was “not happy” with health and human services secretary tom price over reports he used expensive private charter jets to travel for government business rather than cheaper commercial flights. asked if he would fire price
 eyes executive order"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he will return to the healthcare legislative effort early next year and negotiate with democrats on the issue
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senator on wednesday said russian internet trolls
 cfius"
"(reuters) - four u.s. senators have asked the senate judiciary committee to launch an investigation into a deal drugmaker allergan plc (agn.n) struck with a native american tribe to protect some of its patents from generic challenge
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday criticized facebook inc (fb.o) as “anti-trump” and questioned its role during the 2016 presidential campaign
"washington (reuters) - the anti-establishment wave that propelled donald trump to the white house is developing into a political force that perhaps even the president cannot control and could shake his republican party ahead of next year’s congressional elections. that became clear on tuesday night when trump’s favored candidate in an alabama senate primary
 expand five u.s. auto plants"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted on wednesday to confirm heath tarbert to be an assistant secretary of the treasury. tarbert is expected to oversee the inter-agency committee on foreign investment in the united states
" (this version of the sept. 20 story corrects to say that weiner was defeated and did not drop out of the 2013 mayoral election in last paragraph) by brendan pierson (reuters) - u.s. prosecutors on wednesday sought a prison sentence of 21 to 27 months for former u.s. congressman anthony weiner
" (this version of the sept. 14 story corrects to say that weiner was defeated in the 2013 mayoral election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said wealthy americans would not benefit under his tax plan and that he would not negotiate on the republicans’ tax framework proposal to lower the corporate tax rate to 20 percent. “no i don’t benefit. i think there’s very little benefit for people of wealth
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. congress and the white house called for slashing tax rates on businesses and the wealthy on wednesday
"(reuters) - puerto rico governor ricardo rossello said on wednesday he expected the federal government to waive the jones act
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of homeland security said on wednesday it is considering a request by members of congress to waive federal restrictions on shipping to puerto rico
washington (reuters) - the conservative freedom caucus in the u.s. house of representatives said in a note posted on twitter on wednesday that it had taken an official position in support of the republican framework for tax reform. it said it would issue a statement later. 
 twitter for information on anti-fracking ads"
 data shows"
 u.s. states believe every county covered"
"washington (reuters) - after well-received responses to two major hurricanes that hit the u.s. mainland
 protectionism top china issues"
"(reuters) - alabama voters elected conservative firebrand roy moore as the republican nominee for a u.s. senate seat on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republicans on tuesday fell short yet again in their seven-year drive to repeal obamacare
"washington (reuters) - the failure by president donald trump and his fellow republicans to dismantle obamacare has infuriated the party’s conservative flank and is intensifying intra-party warfare ahead of the 2018 u.s. congressional elections.  donors and activists upset by the collapse of the latest senate healthcare bill said it hardened their determination to back conservative candidates in next year’s elections
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump ramped up his fight with the national football league on tuesday
"new york (reuters) - a majority of americans disagree with president donald trump’s assertion that football players should be fired for kneeling during the national anthem
 nikki haley
000 refugees in next fiscal year"
000: sources"
"washington (reuters) - republican political consultant roger stone
"(reuters) - the u.s. drug enforcement administration’s acting director on tuesday said that he will be leaving his post
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator bob corker
 equifax"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump told u.s. lawmakers on tuesday he wants bipartisan cooperation on tax reform
"(reuters) - a trump administration lawyer on tuesday urged a u.s. appeals court in manhattan to rule that federal law does not ban discrimination against gay employees. the u.s. department of justice is supporting a new york skydiving company
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday moved to force the senate to vote later this week on the nomination of federal communications commission chairman ajit pai to serve another five-year term. the vote on pai is expected after democrats plan to harshly criticize him for moving to dismantle obama-era internet access rules and taking other steps to deregulate u.s. telecommunications rules. mcconnell on tuesday filed a petition to force a vote to end debate on pai’s nomination. pai
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator lamar alexander said tuesday that he would again consult with democratic colleague patty murray on a bipartisan deal to repair obamacare - a week after pulling out of those talks. alexander
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions on tuesday denounced football players who have protested racism by kneeling or locking arms during the playing of the national anthem before games
 taxes: lawmaker"
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump ramped up his fight with the national football league on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s criticisms of national football league players kneeling in protest during the national anthem have not distracted him from other concerns
"washington (reuters) - republican senator pat roberts said on tuesday that “it would appear” there will be no vote on the latest bill to repeal the affordable care act
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on tuesday said congress would act to provide to the u.s. territory of puerto rico the same disaster relief following hurricane maria that had been granted to texas and florida after hurricanes harvey and irma. “when we get the information we need from the administration
"washington (reuters) - students and faculty at georgetown law school gathered on tuesday to protest that u.s. attorney general jeff sessions was delivering an address about the right of free speech on college campuses to an invitation-only audience without giving critics of the trump administration an opportunity to ask questions. several dozen protesters stood on the front steps of the school
 cardinals link arms amid anthem protests"
"washington (reuters) - roger stone
"berlin (reuters) - frauke petry
 faces retrial"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate foreign relations committee unanimously backed former utah governor jon huntsman to be president donald trump’s first ambassador to russia on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on tuesday that a tax reform plan being discussed with lawmakers will cut taxes “tremendously” for the middle class
"washington (reuters) - mitch mcconnell
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house republican speaker paul ryan told journalists on tuesday that athletes who protest during the national anthem have the right to do so
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday said the u.s. debate on healthcare would continue
"new york (reuters) - former u.s. representative anthony weiner was sentenced to 21 months in prison on monday for sending sexually explicit messages to a 15-year-old girl
"washington (reuters) - a coalition of supporters of self-driving cars said on tuesday that it will run ads this week in social media and washington newspapers
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house of representatives committee asked the white house on monday for information about a media report that senior officials used private email accounts for government business. the request by the republican and democratic leaders of the house oversight committee follows a politico report on sunday that president donald trump’s son-in-law and close adviser
"washington/bangkok (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will meet with thai prime minister prayuth chan-ocha at the white house on oct. 3
 nfl
"(reuters) - a report from standard & poor’s global ratings on monday suggested that the latest proposed healthcare bill to overhaul obamacare could hurt the u.s. economy
 but leave millions without insurance: cbo"
 hurricane tax relief"
"(reuters) - the u.s. senate on monday confirmed william emanuel
 google bound to change handling of politics ads -marketing execs"
"new york (reuters) - the supreme court signaled on monday it may dismiss a challenge to president donald trump’s controversial travel ban after the white house announced tailored restrictions on eight countries that legal experts said stand a better chance at holding up in court.  the high court canceled oral arguments scheduled for oct. 10 to decide whether or not a march 6 executive order that temporarily blocked travel from six muslim-majority countries was discriminatory. that ban expired on sunday. the president replaced it with a proclamation that indefinitely restricts travel from iran
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela on monday accused u.s. president donald trump of conducting “political terrorism” through travel restrictions on eight countries including the socialist-run south american nation
"washington (reuters) - conservative republicans in congress on monday unveiled their ideas for what should happen to so-called ‘dreamer’ immigrants when an obama-era program expires in march
"new york (reuters) - a senior blackrock inc executive made a donation to an unsuccessful u.s. presidential candidate last year
"new york (reuters) - the mayor of paterson
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator bill cassidy said on monday he still expects to be able to convince reluctant fellow republican senators to support the revised bill that is the party’s latest effort to repeal and replace obamacare. asked in an interview with cnn whether the revisions announced on monday could sway holdout u.s. senators into supporting the legislation
 venezuela in sweeping new ban"
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration’s announcement on sunday that it is issuing new travel restrictions on people entering the united states from eight countries could lead to an upcoming supreme court case on its previous more controversial ban ending in a whimper rather than a bang. the new presidential proclamation set restrictions on citizens from eight countries and is set to go into effect on oct. 18
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s son-in-law and close adviser
"washington (reuters) - a proposal by u.s. republicans to repeal and replace the obamacare health insurance program suffered serious new setbacks within the party on sunday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s middle east peace negotiator
 casting doubt on vote: politico"
"somerset
 once above the fray
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on saturday blasted senator john mccain for dealing a possibly fatal blow to the latest republican attempt to dismantle obamacare. according to a new independent analysis
 trump's dance card is full"
 ohio
 russia urges calm"
"shanghai (reuters) - china said on saturday it will ban exports of some petroleum products to north korea
"huntsville
"beijing (reuters) - japan talking only about sanctions on north korea rather than dialogue will be seen as going against united nations resolutions
 a possible fatal blow"
 u.s. sees value in new start treaty with russia"
' meets protests at black university"
 republicans to showcase tax cut for businesses"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator elizabeth warren has lifted her hold on president donald trump’s pick to run the justice department’s antitrust division
"chicago (reuters) - court-ordered mediation aimed at ending a funding dispute between minnesota’s democratic governor and the republican-controlled legislature ended on friday with the mediator declaring an impasse. the minnesota supreme court earlier this month ordered the two branches of government to use a mediator to resolve a dispute over governor mark dayton’s veto of funding for the legislature in the fiscal 2018-19 biennial budget. richard solum
 no decision yet"
 u.s. 'hot heads' to calm down"
"washington (reuters) - the top republican tax law writer in the u.s. house of representatives unveiled new tax legislation on friday that he said would help people cope with hurricane devastation in texas
"san francisco (reuters) - facebook inc (fb.o) on thursday launched an overhaul of how it handles paid political advertisements
"washington (reuters) - the acting secretary of homeland security has notified president donald trump of countries that do not meet new u.s. vetting standards and has recommended “tailored” and “tough” restrictions on their citizens’ entry into the united states
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain said on friday that he would vote against a new republican bill to dismantle obamacare if it is brought onto the senate floor next week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. health secretary tom price’s use of private jets for government travel was under investigation on friday after an internal watchdog agreed to review the issue following calls by democrats for a probe. department of health and human services inspector general daniel levinson’s office said it would request price’s travel records and seek to review their justification. price has taken at least two dozen such charter flights since may at a cost to u.s. taxpayers of about $300
"washington (reuters) - officials from the department of homeland security
 ads on facebook
"washington (reuters) - republican leaders sought to nail down the final votes needed to pass what u.s. vice president mike pence on thursday called their “last best chance” to repeal obamacare while a new analysis underscored how democratic-leaning states stand to lose large amounts of federal funding under the legislation. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell plans to bring the bill introduced by fellow republican senators lindsey graham and bill cassidy to a vote next week
"washington (reuters) - republican senator susan collins has said she is “leaning against” the latest republican healthcare bill
"(reuters) - former republican presidential candidate bob dole
"(reuters) - north korean leader kim jong un has confused a lot of english-speakers - though this time not about what he intends with his nuclear program. responding to u.s. president donald trump’s bellicose warning to pyongyang in his first speech to the united nations on tuesday
 south korea's moon agree to boost defenses: white house"
 terrifying"
 trump official says"
"washington (reuters) - expanded negotiations against north korea announced on thursday would “be very” good if they succeed in cutting off imported goods
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on friday acknowledged that escalating tensions with north korea were challenging but said diplomatic efforts will continue amid harsh rhetoric and threats of military confrontation. “we are quite challenged but our diplomatic efforts continue unabated
"washington (reuters) - north korea’s kim jong un “will be tested like never before
"moscow (reuters) - moscow is deeply concerned by the escalation of tension on the korean peninsula caused by the continued war of words between the united states and north korea
"moscow (reuters) - russia did not place adverts on facebook inc to try to influence the 2016 u.s. presidential election
"tokyo (reuters) - the u.s. navy carrier ronald reagan is conducting drills with japanese warships in seas south of the korean peninsula
"beijing (reuters) - china’s foreign minister wang yi urged north korea to stop persisting on a dangerous course and called on the united states to stick to promises of non-aggression towards pyongyang
beijing (reuters) - china called on all parties on friday to exercise restraint after north korea’s foreign minister was quoted as saying he believes the north could consider conducting a hydrogen bomb test in the pacific ocean.  chinese foreign ministry spokesman lu kang also told a daily news briefing in beijing that china opposes unilateral sanctions outside the united nations framework. his comments came after u.s. president donald trump ordered new sanctions against north korea on thursday over its nuclear and missile programs. 
"paris/seoul (reuters) - france’s winter olympics team will not travel to the 2018 games in south korea if its security cannot be guaranteed
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is due to travel to alabama on friday to whip up votes in a senate race that has laid bare the rift between the republican party’s leadership and its anti-establishment wing. in a move that surprised political analysts
"tokyo (reuters) - japan’s chief cabinet secretary yoshihide suga said on friday that north korea’s remarks and behavior were “absolutely unacceptable” and provocative to regional and international security. suga was speaking after north korean leader kim jong un vowed to make u.s. president donald trump pay dearly for threatening to destroy his country
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is preparing to relax obama-era rules on drone strikes and commando raids
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. senate judiciary committee has asked the fbi whether it warned donald trump’s presidential campaign about alleged attempts by russia to infiltrate the campaign. republican senator chuck grassley’s office said on thursday he wrote to federal bureau of investigation director christopher wray asking whether the agency provided “defensive briefings” to trump’s team given its ongoing investigation of paul manafort
"seoul (reuters) - north korean foreign minister ri yong ho said on friday he believes the north could consider a hydrogen bomb test on the pacific ocean of an unprecedented scale
"seoul (reuters) - north korea’s leader kim jong un said on friday the north will consider the “highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history” against the united states in response to u.s. president donald trump’s threat to destroy the north. calling trump “mentally deranged” and his comments “the most ferocious declaration of a war in history
"united nations (reuters) - the pursuit of nuclear weapons will not bring security for north korea’s government and china’s assistance is vital to bringing pyongyang’s atomic and missile programs under control
"united nations (reuters) - china’s foreign minister on thursday called on north korea not to go further in a “dangerous direction” with its nuclear program and said negotiations were the only way out of the crisis over pyongyang’s weapons development. wang yi also told the annual u.n. general assembly china was committed to the denuclearization of the korean peninsula and there should be no new nuclear weapons north or south of the border
"san francisco (reuters) - a u.s. judge on thursday said he wanted to decide quickly lawsuits challenging the trump administration’s decision to end a program that shielded from deportation children brought to the united states illegally by their parents. president donald trump this month decided to rescind the deferred action for childhood arrivals program
"new york (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on thursday that banks doing business in north korea would not be allowed to also operate in the united states under a new sanctions order aimed at thwarting pyongyang’s nuclear and missiles program. “no bank in any country should be used to facilitate kim jong un’s destructive behavior
"brussels (reuters) - eu ambassadors have reached an initial agreement to impose more economic sanctions on north korea
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday he had signed an executive order that would allow the united states to ramp up sanctions on north korean firms in an effort to dissuade pyongyang from pursuing its nuclear missile program. “our new executive order will cut off sources of revenue that fund north korea’s efforts to develop the deadliest weapons known to humankind
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday the united states was making progress on the north korean issue
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday the united states would be adding more sanctions on north korea. tensions have escalated in recent weeks over pyongyang’s missile and nuclear weapons program
"washington (reuters) - senate republicans announced plans to vote next week on their latest bid to scuttle obamacare even as a popular comedian who has become part of the u.s. healthcare debate denounced the bill and former president barack obama on wednesday warned of “real human suffering.” president donald trump
"melbourne (reuters) - lisa de vanna once had to wash her sports bras in the sinks of cheap hotels to save money but the footballer is now relishing the good times as a surge of investment transforms women’s professional sport in australia.  over the last few months
"(reuters) - twitter inc representatives will meet with the u.s. senate select committee on intelligence staff next week in relation to inquiries into the 2016 u.s. presidential election
 luther strange
"washington (reuters) - several democratic members of the u.s. senate and house of representatives asked on wednesday for an investigation into a report that health and human services secretary tom price used private jets to travel on government business.  politico reported on tuesday that price took private jets on five occasions for official business
 flynn ouster: nyt"
 obama decries republican healthcare bill"
"washington (reuters) - paul manafort
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump said on wednesday he thought the latest effort to repeal and replace obamacare had a “very good chance” of passing and said the u.s. senate eventually would be forced to make a deal on the issue. “i think there’s tremendous support for it. i think it’s actually much better than the previous shot
"(reuters) - democratic u.s. lawmakers on wednesday urged the federal election commission to require transparency for social media advertising after russians bought u.s. political ads on facebook inc (fb.o) in an alleged attempt to influence the 2016 elections. pressure is mounting on regulators and silicon valley companies to open up the opaque world of online political ads and to prevent governments from using them to sway elections or attempt other meddling.  “social media platforms offer the ability to target millions of users based upon a wealth of highly detailed information
"san francisco (reuters) - california filed a lawsuit on wednesday over the trump administration’s plan to construct a wall along the border with mexico
"washington (reuters) - senate republican leader mitch mcconnell plans to bring his party’s latest legislative effort to replace obamacare up for a vote in the senate next week
"washington (reuters) - republican senator lindsey graham said on wednesday the senate would take up the obamacare replacement bill he co-sponsored next week
 target join call for 'dreamer' legislation"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi said on wednesday that supporting undocumented immigrants brought to the united states as children
" ((this sept. 19 story corrects paragraph 9 to say the estimated amounts to be raised are annual figures
 deficit expansion"
 luther strange"
"washington (reuters) - television talk show host jimmy kimmel called out a republican u.s. senator pushing the party’s latest healthcare overhaul plan
"washington (reuters) - special counsel robert mueller’s office has interviewed u.s. deputy attorney general rod rosenstein about president donald trump’s firing of former fbi director james comey
 toomey reach deal on budget resolution"
"(reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions stepped up the trump administration’s critique of so-called sanctuary cities on tuesday
 rnc funds to pay legal bills from russia probe: sources"
 republicans try to move ahead on obamacare repeal"
 gut medicaid"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator lamar alexander said on tuesday that he had failed to reach an agreement with democrats on a bipartisan effort to stabilize obamacare insurance markets. in a statement
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic senator patty murray said tuesday she thought a bipartisan deal to repair obamacare was still possible
"washington (reuters) - paul manafort
 asks him to open hearing"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s lawyer on tuesday denied that he or trump colluded with russia to interfere in last year’s presidential election
"washington (reuters) - democratic senator elizabeth warren said on tuesday that equifax was sloppy in allowing itself to be hacked
"washington (reuters) - former utah governor jon huntsman
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate’s top republican on tax policy said on tuesday that allowing u.s. corporations to deduct dividend payments to shareholders from federal income tax could overcome problems facing republican efforts to overhaul the u.s. tax code. in a statement at the outset of a tax reform hearing
"new york (reuters) - david stemerman is winding down his hedge fund firm to explore a run for governor of connecticut
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. senate on tuesday confirmed president donald trump’s nominee to serve as his administration’s top advocate before the u.s. supreme court
"washington (reuters) - a national association of u.s. venture capitalists filed suit against the trump administration on tuesday
"london (reuters) - sebastian gorka
"new york (reuters) - the united states
