text
"donald trump just couldn t wish all americans a happy new year and leave it at that. instead
"house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes is going to have a bad day. he s been under the assumption
"on friday
"on christmas day
"pope francis used his annual christmas day message to rebuke donald trump without even mentioning his name. the pope delivered his message just days after members of the united nations condemned trump s move to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel. the pontiff prayed on monday for the  peaceful coexistence of two states within mutually agreed and internationally recognized borders. we see jesus in the children of the middle east who continue to suffer because of growing tensions between israelis and palestinians
"the number of cases of cops brutalizing and killing people of color seems to see no end. now
 trump lashes out at fbi deputy director and james comey"
 and witnesses back it up"
 openly suggests he’s acting like a dictator (tweet)"
"just when you might have thought we d get a break from watching people kiss donald trump s ass and stroke his ego ad nauseam
 figures out racism is bad for business"
"republicans are working overtime trying to sell their scam of a tax bill to the public as something that directly targets middle-class and working-class families with financial relief. nothing could be further from the truth
"republicans have had seven years to come up with a viable replacement for obamacare but they failed miserably. after taking a victory lap for gifting the wealthy with a tax break on wednesday
’ forgets his own words"
"abigail disney is an heiress with brass ovaries who will profit from the gop tax scam bill but isn t into f-cking poor people over. ms. disney penned an op-ed for usa today in which she rips the gop a new one because she has  always been cognizant of income and wealth inequality.  in other words
"donald trump just signed the gop tax scam into law. of course
"a new animatronic figure in the hall of presidents at walt disney world was added
"trump supporters and the so-called president s favorite network are lashing out at special counsel robert mueller and the fbi. the white house is in panic-mode after mueller obtained tens of thousands of transition team emails as part of the russian probe. ironically
"right now
"senate majority whip john cornyn (r-tx) thought it would be a good idea to attack special counsel robert mueller over the russia probe. as mueller s noose tightens
 trump invites nra to xmas party on sandy hook anniversary"
"in this #metoo moment
"as a democrat won a senate seat in deep-red alabama
"alabama is a notoriously deep red state. it s a place where democrats always think that we have zero chances of winning   especially in statewide federal elections. however
"a backlash ensued after donald trump launched a sexist rant against kirsten gillibrand thursday morning
"donald trump is afraid of strong
"ronald reagan is largely seen as the messiah of the republican party. despite how long it has been since the man was president
 and to arrest everyone investigating trump"
"donald trump held a rally for alabama senate candidate and alleged pedophile roy moore in pensacola
 backfires immediately"
 walter scott’s killer sentenced to prison (details)"
"new questions are being asked about president donald trump s ability to lead after he slurred his words during a speech about his jerusalem decision. possible reasons for this include: fatigue
 just another wednesday for him"
"president donald trump announced yesterday that he plans to formally recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel. while this is left most pundits perplexed
"while on the campaign trail
 donates to alabama democrat for senate (image)"
"by now
"we ve all heard the stories of donald trump preferring a well-done steak with ketchup and shunning any new delicacies
 but his plan backfired miserably (tweets)"
"donald j. trump spent a portion of his sunday
"donald trump went on quite a tweetstorm this morning
"by now
"donald trump s current deputy national security adviser k.t. mcfarland
"donald trump really should have taken his staffers  advise and not tweeted about former national security adviser michael flynn because the former reality show star just implicated himself. i had to fire general flynn because he lied to the vice president and the fbi
"donald trump s disgraced national security adviser michael flynn has just plead guilty to lying to the fbi   a felony. he has also agreed to testify against trump in exchange for leniency from special counsel robert mueller s team. the irony here is beyond delicious   especially since flynn infamously led the  lock her up!  chants at the 2016 republican national convention
"while donald trump has been taking vacations
"michael flynn
"donald trump has a white supremacy problem
"in michigan
"people have long speculated about donald trump s mental state. while it was once seen as unseemly to suggest that a public figure may be crazy
"jared kushner
"donald trump retweeted fake news videos in the early hours of the morning and for that
"after an awful campaign filled with hateful rhetoric
 and he just loved those anti-muslim tweets this morning"
"while most of us were sleeping
"we re not sure why fox news host sean hannity posed for this picture (see below) since he s obviously not happy with it but now
"donald trump s twitter feed is always a goldmine of crazy. unfortunately
"donald trump thinks if he rage-tweets about nfl players who choose to kneel instead of stand during the national anthem as a form of silent protest against racial injustice and police brutality
"great britain s buckingham palace announced yesterday that prince harry
 trump called elizabeth warren ‘pocahontas’ (video)"
"in their pathetic attempt to pass the deeply unpopular and unfair tax bill that republicans in congress have been working on
"a breitbart news editor tried to use a song ringo starr covered in order to make claims appear to be false that controversial alabama gop senate candidate roy moore engaged in sexual misconduct with teenage girls when he was in his thirties. on monday
"by now you would most likely be familiar with the story of president trump taking a pass at being named time magazine s person of the year
 trump says he’s done more than any president ever"
 trump still defends accused child molester because taxes
"over the last few weeks
"former reality show star donald trump has repeatedly refused to be held responsible for the words that come out of his own mouth
"one of donald trump s favorite punching bags is cnn. he even once tweeted a gif image of himself punching a person with a cnn logo superimposed over the head   indicating that he d like to enact violence against cnn s reporters. then there was the time he tweeted the  trump train  roaring over  cnn.  now
"fox news host sean hannity is having a twitter meltdown after time called out donald trump for claiming that the magazine called him regarding the person of the year award and that he declined the offer.time magazine corrected trump in a tweet
"donald trump isn t polling well in the readers  choice poll
 her dad’s fans won’t stop: ‘she looks like a baboon’"
"senator john mccain (r-az) was treated at walter reed medical center over the weekend for a minor tear in his right achilles tendon
 deviant’ roy moore in senate race (video)"
"it seems that republican candidate for attorney general jeff sessions  vacated senate seat roy moore s proclivity for teenage girls was well known decades ago in gadsden
"more than a year ago
"gene simmons
"donald trump just got his ass handed to him by nicolle wallace for endorsing an accused child molester.alabama gop senate candidate roy moore has been accused of sexual assault by several women
"a pastor who appeared alongside senate candidate roy moore at a campaign rally just days ago just gave a defense of the alabama senate candidate that makes christian purity balls seem even creepier. flip benham has quite a history as an anti-gay pastor who was also convicted of stalking a doctor who performed abortion procedures in north carolina. in reaction to that in 2011
"add trump s national security adviser
"yesterday
"republicans in texas
"conservatives should shun tony perkins for this.earlier this week
" senator jeff flake (r-az) is liberated now that he has announced his retirement. in his resignation speech on the senate floor
"during the election
"donald trump bit off a bit more than he could chew when he attempted to shoot some venom at new zealand s newly-elected prime minister jacinda ardern during their first in-person meeting at the east asia summit last week.when trump told her that her victory had  upset  citizens in her country
"maybe  thoughts and prayers  aren t the remedy following a shooting
"alabama senate candidate roy moore (r- of course) has a mounting list of women who say that he sexually harassed or assaulted them when they were teenagers. another piece of that story is the rumor that moore was so creepy with the girls that he was banned from a local mall in his hometown of gadsden
"roy moore is desperate to paint all these child molestation allegations against him as nothing more than a smear campaign   one that the media is busy amplifying for the sole purpose of taking him down. his website roymoore.org even has a form people can fill out asking whether the media has contacted them
"president donald trump has overturned another obama-era legislation
"on thursday
"republicans are hypocrites.and ohio state gop rep. wes goodman proved it this week after he got caught having an affair with a man.normally
"while on the campaign trail
"trump s economic adviser
"good news everyone! all crime in texas has been solved. how do we know this? because fort bend county sheriff troy e. nehls has announced that he s going on a crusade against protected political speech.apparently
"clearly
"if the scandal around the stories of alabama senate candidate roy moore s accusations of dating of teenage girls is accomplishing anything
"on tuesday
"after hollywood producer harvey weinstein was finally publicly outed after decades of alleged sexual abuses toward women
"this is a major conflict of interest that should automatically disqualify him.when the senate judiciary committee voted along party lines to approve donald trump s nomination of brett talley to a federal judgeship in alabama
"donald trump probably wishes the united states was more like the philippines.trump was downright chummy with mass murderer and human rights violator rodrigo duterte on monday during the association of southeast asian nations summit in manila.not only did trump refuse to nail duterte for violating human rights
"former vice president joe biden was asked on monday by matt lauer on nbc s  today  to name something specific that donald trump has been  doing well. well
"convincing president trump to release his tax returns is proving slightly more difficult than we initially anticipated
 tries to force her to help with his ‘raging b**ner’"
"in the late 1970 s
"the religious right movement is not the same movement anymore.and frank schaeffer would know. after all
"it didn t take long for conservative  christians  to jump to the defense of roy moore.not long after the washington post published a story containing detailed accusations from several women who claim that moore sexually assaulted and abused them as teens
"president bone spurs finally made it to vietnam over 40 years too late this week
"gop candidate roy moore is accused of sexually molesting a 14-year-old girl when he was 32-years-old and several of the state s officials have said they would still support him even if the allegations are true because it s better than voting for a democrat. some republicans have called for moore to step down  if  the accusations are true
"republicans for some reason think it s perfectly cool to defend gop senate candidate roy moore after news broke that he allegedly molested a 14-year-old girl when he was in his 30 s.moore
"newsweek has never been a publication to shy away from controversy
"the washington post just came out with an explosive report about the extremist candidate that alabama is running for the united states senate
"the republican favorite in alabama s senate race next month is being accused of inappropriate sexual conduct with a 14-year-old girl in 1979
"for the last several months
"it s been more than 18 years
"fox  news  host sean hannity spent a whopping 6 seconds covering tuesday night s election results in which democrats gained seats across the country in a referendum to donald trump and his policies. hannity
 expand medicaid through obamacare"
"even donald trump s staunchest allies in the republican party are turning on him.rick santorum has spent a lot of time kissing trump s ass and as a conservative extremist he holds a lot of sway with trump supporters
 throws ed gillespie under the bus"
"tuesday was a big election night for an off-year election. this was especially true for democrats. it was a true test of the power of the resistance
"trump s department of justice has finally figured out they re stupid in one instance
"oops.when you mistake a mistake one time
"you know all those fears conservatives dismiss that trump is going to get us into another world war? well
"well
 and republicans are furious"
"lawyers for the trump administration have served facebook with three separate search warrants
"remember the fabled pee pee tapes? well
 snowflakey donald trump"
"who knew that presidenting would be so hard
"we are 308 days into 2017
"this is how police should deal with nazis and white supremacists.the tiki torches were doused early at the university of texas on friday night after campus police quickly chased the group of racists off the premises.they were attempting to invade the campus and hold a rally on the main mall
"for the first time in my adult life
"this maniac wants  the handmaid s tale  to become reality.abortion is protected by the constitution in this country. but a wisconsin lawmaker thinks that women should be forced to get pregnant and give birth.wisconsin state gop rep. scott allen made the horrendous remarks while criticizing a bill that would block state employees from covering abortion with their health insurance.because he doesn t think the bill goes far enough.seriously.allen pitched his idea to force women to give birth
"history has shown that one of the most cost-effective ways to project your dissatisfaction when attending a large organized protest is to go to an army surplus shop
"it s been a tragic
"at least 27 people
 and trump’s response is classic racist"
"who knew that donald trump would humiliate himself and us as soon as humanly possible with his trip to asia? there was really no way to know that   this is one of the smartest men on the planet oh wait. this is donald trump. and in discussing north korea s decision to fire ballistic missiles over japan
"donald trump s scandal-ridden
"donald trump may think it s perfectly fine for him to say and tweet about anything and everything
"republican lawmakers come up with the most ridiculous things to push their agendas. take women s reproductive rights. they have all manner of reasons for why abortion should be illegal; from the misogynistic
"donald trump stopped in hawaii
"this is yet another egregious abuse of power.if the supreme court caves in to donald trump s latest demands
"this did not go well.in a nearly empty room of people on friday at the world assembly for women in japan
 papa john’s gets an unlikely sponsor of their own: nazis"
 and he probably burns it (video)"
 gop congressman admits he doesn’t answer to his constituents"
"if you were bored on thursday night at around 7pm et and felt the need to peruse president trump s twitter feed
"donald trump very obviously has a specific type of woman he likes
"who knew that rick perry would come up with an idea for stopping sexual assault? he no doubt thinks he s absolutely brilliant because his idea is fossil fuels. yes
 you mean that russian contact. i remember now!"
 reports upcoming civil war"
"rather than take personal responsibility for the losses
"if donald trump keeps tweeting about the nyc terrorist like this he will prevent justice from being served.earlier this week
"on monday
"while the trump administration is still reeling over the fact that special investigator robert mueller has now arrested three people with close ties to the administration over its ties to russia
"the white house is falling apart following indictments against two former trump associates and a third who pleaded guilty to lying to the fbi.  here s what manafort s indictment tells me: mueller is going to go over every financial dealing of jared kushner and the trump organization
"if hillary clinton got into a fistfight with jesus
"donald trump just got owned.on tuesday
"a capitol hill press conference that was supposed to be about judicial nominations went quickly south when senator chuck grassley (r-ia) suddenly felt the need to sneak out
"the civil war was about slavery. in fact
"donald trump s attorney jay sekulow made a fool of himself on tuesday morning.during an interview with abc host george stephanopoulos
"sean hannity threw a massive temper tantrum on monday night in defense of donald trump.the fox news host went off on a seriously delusional rant about hillary clinton
"monday
"no one on earth has been a bigger cheerleader for donald trump than fox news  sean hannity. in the wake of monday s indictments of former trump campaign manager paul manafort
"with the whirlwind of information coming at us about paul manafort s indictment
"the world is exploding right now due to the news that donald trump s second campaign manager
"this morning
"despite what many racists say and regardless of the hand-picked statistics of the federal government in an effort to demonize black people
"it s gotta be hard these days to be john mccain. standing up to donald trump is pretty unpopular among republicans these days
"there s a lot of talk that
"now that special counsel robert mueller is about to indict someone from team trump
 insurers literally say obamacare trainwreck is trump’s fault"
"hillary clinton is not shutting up and going away as some would like her to. now that she is a private citizen who has zero intention of running for office ever again
"tomi lahren
"with news circulating that robert mueller will be handing down his first indictment in the russia investigation soon
"former first lady hillary clinton doesn t tweet nearly as often as current national embarrassment donald trump
"trump advisor roger stone says a bunch of wacky stuff on twitter
 here are some tips (images)"
"special counsel robert mueller appears to have turned something up in his investigation into the trump-russia scandal. the first official charges have been filed according to cnn
"when the trump administration hired a tiny two-man energy operation to restore puerto rico s power grid
"while on the campaign trail
"with donald trump late on implementing the new sanctions against russia
"yet another horrible human being decided to ram his car through a crowd of protesters in california on thursday.daniel wenzyk
"with all the recent talk of sentencing reform and unfair bail across america
"you know how a lot of couples celebrate anniversaries and other special events by visiting the place where one proposed to the other? well
"rep. john lewis (d-ga) is a civil rights icon. he took beatings in the infamous bloody sunday massacre in selma
"milo yiannopoulos will do anything to keep his name in the spotlight after his shameful resignation from his position as senior editor for breitbart news back in february and now the homosexual far-right media troll has a new avenue   trying to convince australians to vote against marriage equality
"donald trump s patriotic  deportation force  just saved america from another dangerous criminal  rapist  and/or  drug dealer    a 10-year-old girl with cerebral palsy.rosamaria hernandez s mother brought her across the border illegally when she was three months old because she could not afford treatments in mexico.obviously
 kills his own dad for calling him a nazi"
"donald trump s twitter habit is dangerous. when one has the bully pulpit of the white house to speak from
"if you haven t noticed
 corker alerts the white house daycare staff"
" i like your christ
"sen. john mccain
"monday morning
"pearson
"rex tillerson was right. donald trump is a f*cking moron.after years of slamming polls as  fake
"donald trump and his disgraceful team deserve to be throttled for their horrendous responses and disrespect to gold star families
"the first amendment of the united states constitution guarantees that we have the right to speak our minds about the government and anyone and anything else we damn well please. however
 but the bill requiring it was passed 25 years ago"
" white house chief of staff john kelly is a four star marine general who gave his son to this nation. that is why it was such a relief when he joined the trump white house. everyone thought he d bring order to a dangerously chaotic situation. however
"donald trump is having a hard time recovering from his fallen soldier debacle
"one nazi made the mistake of leaving his  safe space  at a rally featuring infamous nazi richard spencer and learned
"donald trump stuck his foot in his mouth again and pissed off our closest ally.a recent report indicates that the crime rate is rising in the united kingdom due to gang-related activities and hate crimes against muslims.of course
 yet the real painting is hanging in a chicago gallery"
"oooh
"west virginia is solid trump country. the argument has been made that the opioid crisis
"in a brand-new expos  on mother jones
"former president george w. bush gave a speech on thursday in which he said that  bigotry seems emboldened  in the u.s. and warned that americans need to reject  white supremacy.  this is the speech that trump should have given even before the nazi march in charlottesville. donald trump was backed by every white supremacist group across the board during his divisive campaign. although bush pointed to the  governing class
"the internet is going crazy after photos
"donald trump is having another bad day.earlier this week
"the democrats and the nfl both told donald trump to go f*ck himself.for weeks
 says the most disgusting thing ever"
"every once in a while
 says people who shared post ‘just as bad’"
"sen. john mccain (r-ariz) went full-maverick during an emotional speech monday night after receiving the national constitution center s liberty medal. mccain appeared to target donald trump and his nationalist base. to fear the world we have organized and led for three-quarters of a century
"you know how trump supporters are screaming because brown people are protesting police violence and discrimination by peacefully kneeling for the national anthem? well
 video surfaces of trump bragging about hiring a ‘hot’ teenager"
 tears into that ‘motherf***er’ donald trump"
"christian cake baker jack phillips gained national infamy when he violated colorado s non-discrimination law by refusing to bake a cake for a gay couple s wedding. he was subsequently sued
 refuses to dismantle first amendment over his petty tantrums"
"as tiffany trump blew out the candles on her birthday cake
"donald trump is an extreme narcissist who always demands unwavering loyalty from his cable news surrogates. no matter how outrageous his words or deeds
"donald trump is a danger to the nation and the world. even outgoing gop senator bob corker (r-tn) has repeatedly questioned trump s stability and fitness for office   even going so far as to call trump s white house an  adult daycare center.  of course
 fails miserably (image)"
’ trump laughs and jokes during military ceremony"
"hahahahahahahaha. hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. hah.you know all those stereotypes about white people in general being terrible at rap? they re all true
"donald trump took his angry little fingers to his twitter account thursday morning
"after a campaign in which he shamelessly pandered to the lgbt community
 jake tapper’s response is perfect (video)"
 formally starts impeachment proceedings against trump"
"it s time to drag donald trump out of office. because if we don t act soon
"white house nazi stephen miller is a scumbag. at this point
"if you re sitting at your computer
"trump
"sen. bob corker (r-tn) is being defended by one of his republican colleagues following donald trump s attacks on the tennessee republican. rep. charlie dent (r-pa) said that republicans in the senate and house are frustrated with trump and added monday on msnbc
"donald trump threw a massive hissy fit over just about everything on tuesday morning.some things just do not need to be commented on by the president
"when deandre harris was beaten by a mix of white supremacist trump supporters
"tennessee republican senator bob corker announced last month that he wouldn t be seeking reelection when his term expires at the end of next year
 leaves colts game in a huff over police brutality protests"
 he’s a real subhuman scumbag"
"chris wallace tore this prick apart.it s only been a week since a gunman shot and killed 58 people and wounded nearly 500 in las vegas with a fully automatic assault weapon.on sunday
"senator bob corker (r-tn) has had enough of the chaos in donald trump s white house. he is so fed up
"dennis lloyd mothersbaugh
"with the rise of donald trump has also come the rise of literal nazism in america. when the streets of an american street look more like 1930s germany as they did in charlottesville
"donald trump doesn t exactly hide the fact that he s a sociopath. just looking at the most recent events this country has faced
"we all remember the horrific violence that occurred in charlottesville
"if republicans have their way
 accuses them of conspiring with democrats"
 runs back into the arms of chuck and nancy"
"you know how we all joke about donald trump s tiny hands because it s a safe way to avoid having to talk about his penis and/or testicles while still cracking wise about his penis and/or testicles? well
"proving that donald trump and his administration is the most clueless
 greedy
"donald trump kicked off hispanic heritage month on friday during an event at the white house. he did this after his thoroughly embarrassing tour of hurricane-devastated puerto rico in which he lobbed rolls of paper towels at victims of the hurricane and that was after he blamed the island for the natural disaster. puerto ricans are very proud people
 proves he shouldn’t be potus (video)"
"after taking office
 shoot him in the back and taser him without even pursuing"
"u.s. rep. tim murphy
"in the trump administration s ongoing war on the lgbtq+ community
 and the monopoly man showed up"
 the gop are finally beginning to support gun control"
"the 2016 election cycle was rife with hilarious   and often spot on   impersonations of the most talked about candidates. one such candidate was
"donald trump flew into an uncontrollable rage on wednesday morning.upon returning back to the mainland from hurricane-ravaged puerto rico
"a text message which was sent in january to u.s. rep. tim murphy
"has anyone else noticed that the government sometimes seems to like awarding contracts to companies that have proven they re incapable of doing what they re supposed to be doing? equifax s massive data breach affected most americans with any kind of credit at all
 starts throwing paper towels at the crowd (video)"
 las vegas never would’ve happened"
"just when you thought he couldn t possibly get worse
"donald trump insulted the people of puerto rico just as he was getting ready to travel there to inspect the devastation caused by two category 5 hurricanes.as a helicopter was standing by
"like increasing numbers of heartless people on the right
"caleb keeter
"over 50 people are dead
"clearly
"the way in which donald trump has handled the aftermath of hurricane maria s impact on puerto rico
"it s time to shut them down. permanently.on sunday evening
"sunday night at the route 91 harvest festival 2017
"some are saying that trump has not botched the relief effort in puerto rico (newsflash: he s botched it horribly)
 kneel during anthem in solidarity with colin kaepernick (video)"
"tea party darling and deadbeat dad extraordinaire joe walsh managed to be douchier than is typical on sunday when he attacked michael che for saying something mean about donald trump.it may seem nonsensical that the  fuck your feelings  crowd gets sad every time someone says something to  trigger  them
"everyone is fed up with donald trump s blatant racism with his disgusting attacks on black athletes who are using their platform to shine a light on the deadly racist policing problem in america. case in point   senator kamala harris (d-ca). senator harris is one of the few women of color in the united states senate
 orders players to stand for anthem"
"last night
"former red sox pitcher curt schilling
 calls them ‘ingrates’ in self-congratulatory tweets"
"after an epic twitter tantrum in which he yelled at puerto rico for being knocked down by two hurricanes and cried giant crocodile tears about  fake news
"during a time of national crisis
 hilariously can’t figure out fire (video)"
"it s no secret that donald trump s response to the crisis in puerto rico has been nothing but disappointing. while us citizens were begging for disaster relief
 trump is golfing and tweeting"
"the people of puerto rico
"poor andrew anglin
 but obama handled one just fine"
"donald trump ran and won on a platform of  drain the swamp.  he supposedly meant that washington was corrupt
"the most punchable alt-right nazi on the internet just got a thorough beatdown from sen. ben sasse (r-neb.) on twitter during an epic tweetstorm. richard spencer
"trump
" education standards
000"
"as if trump calling for a private organization to fire people who refuse to stand for the national anthem wasn t bad enough
 exposes his lie about obamacare vote (video)"
"donald trump thought he could get away with using military veterans as props to push his political agenda. he was wrong.marine staff sgt. john jones lost both of his legs in combat in iraq over ten years ago. in 2007
"you know all those times conservatives have said something ridiculous proves president obama is gay or michelle obama is a man? each time
"john mccain is far more qualified to comment on the nfl anthem protests than donald trump.after all
"donald trump went all in for his man luther strange. i mean
"president donald trump has had some strong words for his fiercest political rival
 and it’s all trump’s fault"
"wow
"cnn is now reporting that
"donald trump has been a thorn in senator bob corker s side for quite some time
"a backlash has ensued after donald trump launched a war against black athletes who choose to sit rather than stand during the national anthem in protest of racial inequality and police brutality. gen. michael hayden
 senator collins confirms she’s voting no"
"meet james stachowiak. if he looks familiar
 and trump fans will hate it"
"donald trump is getting absolutely hammered for his recent attacks on nfl players who refuse to stand during the national anthem in a stand against social injustice. trump has tried his hardest to pass off those attacks as a defense of patriotism
"on saturday
"republicans are desperately trying to repeal obamacare in order to substitute it with a sh*t sandwich. the graham-cassidy bill is so bad that experts
"conservatives
"hurricane irma
 according to the flag code"
"you may not be familiar with the name  unilever
"as the investigations into how russia meddled in our election escalate
 fascist
"a backlash of epic proportions ensued after donald trump launched a war against african-american athletes who protest by kneeling during the national anthem. the former reality show star has managed to piss off players in three major professional sports and even went so far as to call colin kaepernick s mother a  bitch.  and even this morning
"on saturday
"donald trump is clearly violating the free speech rights of nfl players
"donald trump is now obsessed with attacking the nfl.on friday night
"on saturday night
"james clapper
"on friday
" republicans have been furious with donald trump lately. he blindsided them by ditching house speaker paul ryan (r-wi)
 even if the gop doesn’t pass anything"
"john mccain survived brutal torture and six years as a prisoner of war during vietnam. if donald trump thinks he can intimidate him
"trump s desperation to convince people that the great liberal media conspiracy against him is real is getting way out of control. on twitter earlier
 admits gop’s obamacare repeal will fail (tweets)"
"the most infamous characters from donald trump s administration are resurfacing and coming back to haunt him. just a few days ago
"without even mentioning donald trump s name former first lady michelle obama opened a can of whoop ass on his administration thursday
 will vote no on graham-cassidy deathcare bill (video)"
"on thursday
"what is it with the trump administration and spending tax dollars on things that are literal luxuries? tom price
 move over: ‘sassy gay republican’ is all of the healthcare angst we need right now"
"special counsel robert mueller has just dropped yet another unpleasant bombshell on donald trump
"jack links
"the gop has a thing for porn. in 2016
"this is why the right-wing should never have power again.donald trump s decision to work with democrats on legislation that would enshrine the deferred action for childhood arrivals program into law has angered his anti-immigration supporters.despite the fact that these children were brought to america through no fault of their own and the fact that america is the only only home they have ever known
"president barack obama appeared today at the bill & melinda gates foundation s  goalkeepers  event
"so many people want to call the special counsel investigation into the trump campaign s potential collusion with the russian government to fix the 2016 presidential election  fake news.  they listen to every word out of donald trump s mouth
"donald trump s nominee for a federal judgeship in texas sounds like michele bachmann in his defense of conversion therapy
"donald trump has spent a lot of time cozying up to dictators during his time as what we are forced to call  president
"let s just put it this way
 but the faces of other representatives were priceless"
"by now
"donald trump has been fundraising like crazy for his re-election campaign
"the military s budget is being massively expanded this year
"trump administration officials who were under pressure from the white house scrapped a study which found that refugees had brought in more government revenue overall than they had cost in benefits
"republicans always like to push back on the idea that they are bigots. however
 but he can’t stop being a giant racist"
"you know how donald trump stubbornly refuses to release his tax returns? well
"if donald trump really wants an apology from espn
 gets wrecked by the internet"
"it took all of a few seconds for donald trump to start bragging about himself during his remarks at the united nations.trump world tower is a residential skyscraper catering primarily to the wealthy.it also happens to be across the street from the united nations headquarters where the general assembly is meeting this week and where trump spoke on monday morning.predictably
"when americans think about state-run television
"the republican party still hasn t learned that their wildly unpopular repeal of obamacare just isn t going to happen. even after failing miserably the first several times they tried to get their alternative to the historic health care bill passed
"for nigh on two years now
"this is beyond unpresidential.during a narcissistic tweetstorm on sunday morning. donald trump retweeted a video featuring him driving a golf ball into hillary clinton s back. the ball knocks her down as she boards a plane. the person who shared the meme captioned it  trump s amazing golf swing  and referred to hillary with the nickname  crooked hillary  that trump often calls her.donald trump s amazing golf swing #crookedhillary pic.twitter.com/vkhxxfcbv1  mike (@fuctupmind) september 14
 cancels their wedding"
"about a month ago
"saturday
"the republican party has long claimed that  states  rights  mean that states can do as they like according to their own values
"a firefighter in ohio recently came under fire for expressing his  economic uncertainty  (a synonym the media concocted for  racism  while attempting to explain why people voted for trump) about rescuing black people.if it came down to choosing to rescue a single dog or  a million n*ggers
 how the handsome have fallen: gainesville ‘hot cop’ turns out to be hiding some nazi tendencies"
"one thing that most conservatives have in common with donald trump   and perhaps contributes to the reason they relate to him and supported him for potus   is chronic misogyny and sexism. we saw this play out on friday during a panel discussion on cnn
"an ohio fireman from franklin township has just been suspended over his facebook post which contains racist remarks. tyler roysdon used his social media account to say that if there was an emergency he would rather save a dog than a  n*gger.  while roysdon is a volunteer fireman
"trump
"if you don t know who tomi lahren is by this point
 blames nonexistent black guy ‘with a small afro’"
 the scorecard says he is lying"
"trump made a bad decision
"it has just come to light that stanislav petrov
"no one likes to be touched by donald trump   not even his own fellow republicans.on thursday
"in a pair of tweets on thursday afternoon
"the size of donald trump s hands seems to be an issue
"this is what happens when racists don t get their way.with a single deal
 and it was worse than you’d imagine (video)"
 they use her facebook page to prove she’s right (images)"
 hauled to the slammer"
"an employee working at a north carolina mcdonald s was captured on camera telling a hispanic customer on saturday to spell  deportation.  the charlotte woman said she went to a local mcdonald s over the weekend when a woman who is identified as a manager at the store flipped her off
"trump s department of education is delaying action on requests for student loan forgiveness from those whose money was stolen by the scams that are for-profit universities while they work to erase everything obama tried to do to protect those very same students. the trump administration
"today
"espn s jemele hill is one of the most influential black women in sports casting. she is also unafraid to tell the truth and speak her mind   no matter who doesn t like it. therefore it comes as absolutely no surprise that she has plenty to say about donald trump. of course
"it s no secret that donald trump s rabid
"the best way to not get fired
"leave it to donald trump to exploit a tragedy.hurricane harvey and hurricane irma have left parts of texas and florida in ruins. americans are dead because of these storms and the resulting floods.i ll say that again. people are dead.but that isn t stopping trump from using the storms to promote his tax reform policy
"on tuesday afternoon
"donald trump may call anything related to his administration s collusion with russia as fake news
"donald trump is a complainer
 this is brilliant (video)"
"residents in florida who work at a pizza hut were told by the manager that workers would be disciplined if they evacuated due to the deadly hurricane that barreled down on the state. a photo quickly circulated on twitter of a memo posted for employees in one jacksonville pizza hut location
"i ll bet if you go to your kitchen and look at the calendar by your fridge
"nobody can accuse fox news of being sane most of the time
 what he said is awful (video)"
 refuses to resign"
 so police had to issue a warning"
"when you are black in america
 and twitter loves it"
"it s 2017
"two florida republican lawmakers voted against a $15 billion hurricane relief bill just as irma churned toward the state. congressmen matt gaetz (r-fl) and ted yoho (r-fl) claim they have concerns about other provisions of the measure. irma is now a category 3 storm with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph but forecasters expect the storm to strengthen. presently
 infuriated by black people (image)"
"americans are opening their wallets and donating to relief efforts in the aftermath of hurricane harvey and with hurricane irma almost about to hit land in the u.s.
"if you ve spent months or years telling martin shkreli
"fox news has a problem with sexual predators in its ranks. their gross corporate rape culture is costing them television personalities left and right. first
"donald trump s administration finds new ways to look foolish on a daily basis
"equifax
 trump begs for donations to his re-election campaign"
"the city of creston
"donald trump sure knows how to add insult to injury.republicans in congress must be seriously regretting their decision to endorse trump now after they were totally humiliated on thursday at the white house.during a meeting inside the oval office to discuss debt ceiling proposals
"we recently reported on how the far right is waging war against a dying breed: congressional republicans who at least attempt to be compassionate and reasonable in their policy-making. at the top of the list for these far right lunatics  antics has been rep. charlie dent (r-pa)
"donald trump
 say ‘hiding’ during shooting is probable cause"
"after hurricane harvey devastated houston
"somebody must have put some truth serum in little donnie s cheerios this morning
"just days after rescinding an obama policy giving children of undocumented immigrants a path a citizenship
 black out his fact-free tax reform speech (tweet)"
"amateur president donald trump told the drought-stricken dakotas that he can make the drought  go away  and told attendees during a tax reform speech that they are  better off  than cities flooded by hurricane harvey. i know you have a little bit of a drought. they had the opposite
"earlier today
"as we saw with his muslim travel ban as well as his attempt to repeal and replace obamacare
"one of the most feared defensive ends in football
 royally screwing evacuees"
 will arrest anyone with a warrant seeking shelter"
 will force him to go on legal record condemning white supremacists"
"donald trump is apparently thrilled that hurricane irma will be the biggest storm to ever hit the united states.only weeks after hurricane harvey left a swath of devastation and death in texas
 then race-baited his way through the speech that killed it"
"ever since donald trump rode down the escalator at trump tower and announced his disgraceful bid for the white house
"donald trump s decision to punish 800
"trump is working his tail off to undo absolutely everything president obama ever did
"donald trump sent a racist elf to make the announcement that his administration is going to punish 800
"this is a clear case of election-rigging.south dakota secretary of state shantel krebs is running for congress in 2018. but rather than win the votes of the people fair and square
"donald trump s team is turning against him at record speed
"donald trump is set to end the deferred action for childhood arrivals program
 has white supremacist weigh in on daca panel"
"donald trump s decision to end the deferred action for childhood arrivals program (daca) is so toxic that even one of his most hardcore conservative republican supporters in the senate opposes it.it s safe to say that oklahoma senator james lankford is one of trump s most ardent supporters. after all
 will kick 800
 can’t say trump is capable of handling north korea (video)"
"earlier today
"on the national day of prayer
 then did the opposite of what it said"
"the wicked witch of the white house makes america sick again.as we all know
"if donald trump drags us into war with north korea
"donald trump has now become well known for his completely inappropriate tendency to disrespect those who should be honored. we ve seen it numerous times in trump s efforts to congratulate and honor members of the military
"believe or not
"one thing is for certain when it comes to donald trump s *presidency
 and it’s beyond weird (video)"
"a michigan woman decided to defend against tyranny? when she and another shopper couldn t agree over who got to buy the last notebook on the shelf at the novi towne center store.according to abc 13
"while in the united states
"donald trump is an insane narcissist. we all know that. however
"during an uncharacteristically blistering hot day
"while most americans are aware that donald trump has full intentions of undoing much of the country s progress and taking us backwards in history
"in the aftermath of the historic flooding that accompanied hurricane harvey s high winds and torrential rains
 asks for prayers instead"
"a power-tripping salt lake city cop was caught on video arresting a nurse for following hospital policy (and the law) by not allowing him to draw a blood sample from an unconscious patient without a warrant.in the video
 trump just put a big nail in obamacare’s coffin"
"william c. bradford
"milwaukee county sheriff david clarke seems like he came right out of donald trump central casting. he s racist. he s so hard on alleged criminals that he even let some die in his jail cells. he is so committed to the idea of an old west sheriff that he even wears a stetson hat. oh
 humiliates herself on live television (video)"
"in between defending white supremacists and pardoning a white supremacist
"donald trump claimed on wednesday morning that he had  witnessed the horror and devastation  caused by hurricane harvey  first hand  during his visit to texas earlier this week.after witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by hurricane harvey
"legendary journalist dan rather says that robert mueller s ongoing russia investigation has donald trump  seized with fear. speaking to msnbc on wednesday
 let’s talk taxes: trump’s priorities shift to breaks for the rich"
"according to trump ally alex jones
"donald trump is a horrible president. everyone knew in the run up to the election that he was in no way qualified for this job. now that he is in the oval office
 now he looks more incompetent than ever (tweets)"
"ivanka trump just proved that she doesn t support pay equality
"a furious georgia republican issued a horrifying threat to a democrat over her push to remove confederate statues. in an ominous social media post
 very bad news"
"hurricane harvey devastated texas on the 12th anniversary of katrina. and now
 and it might land her in hot water"
"u.s. sen. ted cruz was against federal aid for natural disasters until he was for it. the texas senator voted against federal funding for victims of hurricane sandy
"immigration and customs enforcement
"when hurricane sandy hit
 donald trump was getting shut down with his nazi bullsh*t"
"it was almost inevitable
 but he’s our asshole’"
"for republicans
 mexico responds perfectly (video)"
 mexico offers help with hurricane harvey"
"if donald trump hadn t proven himself to be the worst person to ever occupy the white house
"donald trump s so-called presidency is plagued with so many scandals it s hard to keep up. so naturally
"remember the name felix sater
"as you would be more than aware
"former attorney general eric holder responded to a report that donald trump asked attorney general jeff sessions to drop the charges against joe arpaio (aka america s most racist sheriff) by throwing shade at the crooked administration on twitter.the washington post published an article on saturday claiming that trump had personally asked sessions to abandon the case against arpaio
"a phoenix publication took to its twitter account to explain the kind of person former sheriff joe arpaio is following donald trump s decision to pardon him. the former reality show star pardoned the racist former sheriff of maricopa county while a hurricane was barreling down on texas. trump is likely testing his pardoning powers to use that same privilege for the russia investigation.joe arpaio called himself  america s toughest sheriff
"donald trump just threw a match on this tinder box of a nation when he decided to pardon former maricopa county
 but fbi and dhs say the alt-right acts like isis — and goes unmentioned"
"a category four hurricane has hit texas. it s set to be the most disastrous hurricane since katrina hit louisiana in 2005
 house; will newly pardoned arpaio replace him?"
 pardons sheriff joe arpaio"
 trump signs order making floods worse"
"imagine for a moment that your job was to scour the media
 but you can’t pass the most bills if ‘they’ won’t let you pass bills"
 has built his own ‘miniature justice department’"
"early next month
"you know how conservatives are constantly screaming  fake news  every time they see something they don t like? it s interesting that they have no problem sharing  news  that is demonstrably fake given their professed distaste for it.this is what trump nazi laura ingraham s website looks like as i type this sentence:notice anything off? if you guessed  the photo of what she claims is five straight miles of trump fans banging on the doors to barely halfway fill a venue that is capped at 5
"in the middle of a twitter tantrum directed toward mitch mcconnell
"white house counselor kellyanne conway crawled out of her crypt after two weeks in hiding to attack hillary clinton who is totally not the president. former reality show star donald trump was sworn in 216 days ago (seems longer
"while the right accuses the left of being  snowflakes  because we think all people should be treated with fairness and respect
 prepares war with white house (video)"
"rabbis representing four prominent jewish organizations have decided that they will not hold their annual conference call with the president because the man currently holding that office openly supports white supremacists.following trump s atrocious response to the tragic events in charlottesville
"according to a new report
 trump is already responsible for more civilian deaths than obama"
"by now we re all familiar with donald trump s speech in front of 40
"all hell broke loose on monday when the city of charlottesville held their first city council meeting since torch-wielding white supremacists took over the small virginia town
"donald trump
"donald trump has never been senate majority leader mitch mcconnell s (r-ky) favorite person. that uneasy relationship deteriorated further in recent days and weeks
"cult 45 is a name given to former reality show star donald trump s devotees who will justify anything he does
"what would you do if someone kept track of everything you ever said? most of us aren t in a position to have their every utterance monitored
"in house speaker paul ryan s ayn randish views
"white supremacists have been emboldened by donald trump from the moment he came down the escalator in trump tower and announced his bid for the white house by branding all immigrants of mexican descent rapists and criminals. that travesty of a campaign continued in that vein
"donald trump s treasury secretary
 or does he simply not know the difference? (tweets)"
"the congressional black caucus
 printed
"ron paul
"according to republican lawmaker from idaho
"scientists have been warning the world for weeks not to stare directly at the sun without protective eyewear during monday s solar eclipse unless you want to suffer damage to your eyes. true to form
"back when conservative politics were actually political
"donald trump s former chief strategist stephen k. bannon exited the whitey house following the so-called president s widely condemned response to the nazi march in charlottesville
"it s common knowledge that donald trump is a self-obsessed narcissist
"donald trump has been wasting taxpayer dollars on his personal vacations
"this week s chaotic news cycle was mostly dominated by donald trump s disgraceful response to the violence perpetuated by white supremacists
"last week was the week it became official that donald trump isn t even trying to be president of the united states. his horrible responses to the neo-nazi/kkk/white supremacist hate rally in charlottesville
 good
"donald trump is truly pathetic.trump has reportedly not been able to contact steve bannon since signing off on his firing on friday.calls for bannon s removal only increased after trump s refusal to condemn nazis in the wake of the violence in charlottesville
"when afro-latina journalist ilia calder n showed up to interview ku klux klan leader chris baker
"the naacp issued a statement following the firing of steve bannon
"ever since donald trump failed his test of moral leadership following the nazi/white supremacist rally in charlottesville
 if you hit protesters with a car
 gear up for war on trump’s ‘democrat white house’"
"arnold schwarzenegger has a message for both donald trump and the racists he can t bring himself to convincingly denounce. in a new video
"almost three years ago
"white house chief strategist stephen k. bannon has long been a controversial figure. prior to joining donald trump s campaign
"while the president of the united states seems to be very
 urges charities to boycott mar-a-lago"
"al gore had hopes for donald trump at one time. he even met with him at trump tower
"donald trump is going to jail
"donald trump is continuing to dig himself into an even deeper hole in regards to the horrific racist attack in charlottesville
"in the wake of donald trump s unhinged and rambling press conference delivered from trump tower on tuesday in which
 roundly condemns trump on charlottesville"
"christopher cantwell
"the republican jewish coalition finally caught on to donald trump s extreme views after his latest remarks in defense of the nazis marching in charlottesville
 moves to protect white supremacists from law enforcement"
"donald trump hates jeff bezos
 blames trump for dividing america (image)"
"former  american idol  finalist and  celebrity apprentice  contestant clay aiken has never been a fan of donald trump the presidential candidate
"to one former labor secretary
"while donald trump
"donald trump is going to throw a twitter tantrum because of this.during his bonkers press conference at trump tower on tuesday
 and trump will hate the reason why"
"donald trump held a bizarre press conference tuesday in which he defended the alt-right nazis who stormed the streets of charlottesville
"while science doesn t quite have the technology to give donald trump the ability to read our minds
 becomes a terror in the white house (tweet)"
"donald trump wants us to believe that he is not a sympathizer of neo-nazis
"speaking at trump tower on tuesday
 suggests he’ll replace them with ones who support his racism"
 immediately retweets alt-right leader"
"donald trump has not been having a good weekend. he was blasted by congressional members on both sides of the aisle due to his failure to immediately condemn white supremacists
 shreds trump’s ‘cowardly and dangerous’ charlottesville remarks (video)"
"donald trump is in big trouble. not only has his popularity been historically low
"cnn s jim acosta is not especially well-liked by the white house. he tells it like it is in harsh
"it s official. right-wing extremists have declared war on america.rather than attend the nazi rally in charlottesville
"there are a lot of polls out there
"after a night of white supremacist marches in charlottesville
"donald trump s stunning neglect to disavow the nazis who stormed through the streets of charlottesville
"today
"while donald trump and his brownshirts are busy destroying the country
 this is brutal (video)"
"apparently
 calls out white supremacy in america (tweet)"
"this is proof that donald trump has only emboldened white nationalists.in the aftermath of the attack that killed a counter-protester in charlottesville
"after a white nationalist rally in charlottesville
 strongly denounces white supremacists (tweets)"
"according to a new report saturday from axios
"35 people have been treated for injuries and others have been pronounced dead
"donald trump ran an openly white supremacist campaign during his travesty of a run for the presidency. now that he is in the white house
"the mayor of charlottesville
"before dawn on wednesday
 this is his most dangerous one yet (video)"
"donald trump s conflicts of interest were of massive concern for many americans
"if donald trump wants to take credit for something he actually did to the economy
"donald trump is not the negotiator he would like everyone to believe he is but he is accomplished in the art of deflection. but
 and that’s a fact"
"donald trump has just announced that his daughter ivanka (you know
"for more than 30 years
 says putin is right
"donald trump just loves attacking members of his own party. seemingly not understanding that the 535 people in the united states house of representatives and the united states senate are a co-equal branch of government and can totally kneecap him and even remove him from office if they so choose
"donald trump seems to think that he can bully congress into doing his bidding
"if you ve been hiding under your bed since donald trump threatened north korea with  fire and fury unlike the world has ever seen
"vogue s latest cover has really set off breitbart editor john carney
"on thursday
"donald trump s former campaign manager paul manafort seems likely to flip on his old boss and it s is scaring the sh*t out of the current occupant of the white house. manafort s shady past includes owing a fuckton of money to pro-russian entities
 it immediately backfires (tweets)"
 says reporter ‘absolutely’ recorded him without permission"
 white supremacists beg rally goers to make it ‘sexy’ – no joke"
"the la times is reporting that the federal bureau of investigation carried out a search warrant on the campaign office of rep. duncan hunter (r-ca) in relation to misappropriated funds during the campaign. specifically
"earlier today
 then tries to cover it up (images)"
 crossing trump’s red line"
"we just took a massive step closer to nuclear war with north korea
 turns to drug addiction"
"walmart s back to school advertising took a pretty horrible turn at a location in evansville
"speculation about vice-president mike pence s political aspirations to position himself in trump s oval office chair will likely get another jolt after it was reported that he tapped campaign operative
"astute cbs reporter rebecca shabad couldn t possibly have been the first person to notice the giant inflatable chicken currently on display behind the white house
’ childishly ‘obsessed with obama’"
"wednesday morning
 say donald trump’s threats weren’t serious
 promptly starts to lose it (tweets)"
"it was just revealed today that federal agents conducted a pre-dawn raid late last month at a house owned by former trump campaign chairman paul manafort and that has apparently sent a chill down donald trump s spine because his former colleague could flip on him. and it should because of manafort s dubious past. trump s former campaign chairman also attended the meeting last year at trump tower with a russian lawyer who promised damaging information on hillary clinton. donald trump jr. released emails last month which detailed how that meeting was arranged. jared kushner
"as donald trump finds himself plagued with scandals
"donald trump continued escalating his rhetoric on nuclear weapons wednesday morning in a boast that should concern every american.the reality of a potential nuclear holocaust hasn t been this worrisome since the cuban missile crisis. except the threat isn t coming from the russians this time
"there are no two crazy people ever mentioned more in the news than the leaders of west and east
’ miserably fails (tweets)"
"george takei has been on a social media role since the start of the trump era
"two man-children with access to nuclear weapons are having a pissing match and the world is hoping and praying that like much of what donald trump says
"i mean
"sen. john mccain is fed up with donald trump and his big mouth. following trump s ill-advised decision to challenge north korea with  fire and fury
 trump calls the investigation a witch hunt – in private he’s trying to influence mueller"
 really bad for you’ (video)"
"you almost have to feel sorry for republicans (almost). they find themselves between a really unpopular president and a party that only rewards those who are perfectly loyal to dear orange leader.ronna romney mcdaniel
"donald trump has absolutely ravaged the reputation of the republican party
"former reality show star donald trump has always wanted to get his hands on the nuke button
"donald trump is going to get us in a war
 damning reason trump opened fire on blumenthal via twitter (details)"
"donald trump is clearly enamored with fascism and bigotry. since he came on the scene as an unlikely presidential contender by calling mexicans rapists and promising to build a wall along our southern border
"msnbc s rachel maddow has twisted pat robertson of the  700 club  in a knot over her show s ratings which are beating the snot out of fox news. but just before that
"minnesota s governor did something the current occupant of the white house cannot do and quickly denounced  an act of terrorism  after a makeshift bomb tore through a mosque early saturday morning.  what a terrible
"republican rep. doug lamalfa (ca) did not have a good time of things monday when he broke with tradition and showed up to a town hall meeting to face voters.attendees at the 400 person event showed a special amount of disdain for the congressman
"we sure attorney general jeff sessions will be all up in this after his promise to stop the leaks coming from the white house. the perpetrator in this instance (and several other instances) is none other the current occupant of the white house. donald trump s 17-day vacation at his luxury golf course in bedminster
"mitch mcconnell is not a happy man. that s probably true in general
 demonstrate (images)"
 young protester is violently removed from trump rally"
"donald trump s entire political strategy boils down to one surprisingly simple concept
 and here’s proof"
"according to a new report from a combined 13 federal agencies
"print journalism and longstanding papers have been struggling since the advent of the internet and increased competition faced by blogs and op-ed sites. that
 rain go away: toddler trump throws record-breaking tantrum because he can’t golf"
"ever wonder if donald trump s insistence on repealing obamacare has a motive beyond
"florida senator marco rubio actually knows something the rest of us know for once: that there aren t enough racists in america   or even the congress   to pass donald trump s new immigration bill. the bill would curb even legal immigration
"instead of honoring purple heart day
"donald trump doesn t read   that s a well-known fact. nor
"donald trump s chief economic adviser and director of the national economic council is gary cohn. trump s secretary of the treasury is steven mnuchin. dina powell is his deputy national security adviser
’ ‘disaster’"
"a disturbing new report reveals that the staff at the us department of agriculture (usda) have officially been instructed to begin censoring information on climate data. in fact
"back in february to honor black history month
"donald trump just pissed off veterans.trump likes to claim that he loves the men and women who serve our country in the military
"sinclair broadcast group
"it s certainly no secret that trump struggles with vocabulary words
"last time i checked
"maybe you ve finally heard by now that a mosque in bloomington
 ready to work with democrats (details)"
 ‘time for a popular vote’"
"white house counselor kellyanne conway on sunday was confronted by abc s  this week  host george stephanopoulos on the conflicting stories coming from the white house regarding donald trump jr s meeting with a russian lawyer. the amateur president s lawyer
"donald trump is terrified of special counsel robert mueller. this is especially true since it has been revealed that mueller has now impaneled a grand jury in washington d.c. in the russian probe. now
 secret 2020 shadow campaigns already underway"
 kisses up to sessions after trashing him for weeks (tweet)"
"president obama s home state of illinois has passed a bill honoring him by designating his birthday august 4 as a state holiday. so now
 tries to pretend he’s actually working (tweets)"
"with reince priebus out as white house chief of staff
"arizona senator john mccain has never been a fan of donald trump. we all remember how he viciously attacked mccain s military service
"it looks like donald trump is going to be a one-term president.of course
"it s an epidemic over there inside the fox network studios: the guys there can t seem to keep their dicks to themselves.the first big-news takedown of a star at the cable channel was network bigwig roger ailes
"donald trump seems to go out of his way to do exceedingly dumb things. it s almost as if he is doing them on purpose. on friday
"first
"the nra has a new favorite toy
 displays stunning incompetence (video)"
 presidency in freefall (details)"
 well
 says jeff sessions can take his threats and shove it"
"if a grand jury indicts donald trump
 handcuffs his ability to appoint an ag to fire mueller"
 meltdown imminent (image)"
 and the reason why is hilarious"
 ‘local milk people’ is trending
 gop in pieces (tweet)"
"the roll out of the first version of donald trump s bigoted muslim ban was nothing short of chaotic. people were arriving in america
"the  deal-maker  just got owned.donald trump embarrassed himself and america again during a recent phone call with australian prime minister malcolm turnbull.as we all know
"sarah huckabee sanders decided to once again show everyone how much people love donald trump by reading a suspicious letter allegedly sent this time from a child in falls church
"donald trump finally signed the countering america s adversaries through sanctions act on wednesday.  this bill strengthens and expands sanctions on russia
"before donald trump stepped foot in the white house
"well
"special prosecutor robert mueller is growing his team
"donald trump insulted the  people s house
"amateur president donald trump  signed was forced to sign a bill today to punish russia for its interference in the 2016 election despite his reservations to tighten sanctions against moscow. the 71-year-old twitter-addict did not hold a signing ceremony. in late july
"i ll admit it: i am not a huge fan of tribute songs. making music is something sacred
"richard painter
"washington was rocked by yet another staff shakeup in the white house on monday when trump s newly hired communications director
"every once in a while
 because why not?"
"psst! hey
"if there s one thing donald trump fears the most
 personally drafted statement lying about jr’s russia meeting"
"the people working in donald trump s white house are not the sharpest tools in the shed. after all
"after just 10 days and a few firings under his belt
"fired white house communications director anthony scaramucci gave up a lot for his 10-day job: his wife
"yet another day and yet another leak. a secret republican national committee memo was released on monday that shows that republicans are preparing for what may be inevitable. they may all be implicated
"donald trump s secretary of energy rick perry doesn t get a lot of respect. that s a good thing   he s kind of a dumbass. and by  kind of
"just ten days into the job and white house communications director anthony scaramucci has been reportedly  removed  from his position by amateur president donald trump
"rep. steve king (r-iowa) is the most insane if not the most offensive of all of the knuckle-dragging republicans in congress
"was it just a slip of the tongue or a sign that donald trump is mentally unfit to be president?because it certainly appears to be the latter after trump referred to the cabinet room as his  boardroom  on monday morning.days after firing reince priebus and leaving him all by himself on the tarmac after landing at andrews air force base
"donald trump is absolutely obsessed with erasing president obama s achievements and taking credit for them.in yet another twitter tantrum on monday morning
 admits she’s still on parents’ health insurance [video]"
"donald trump made became a household name in the 80s after pretending to write a book called  the art of the deal.  after that
"with a very dramatic flair
"donald trump becomes more unhinged by the day. the week we just witnessed is his craziest yet. first
"after gop rep. steve scalise was shot during a congressional baseball practice
"trumpcare failed in the most hilarious and dramatic middle-of-the-night vote on the senate floor   they couldn t even pass a  skinny repeal  after seven years of promising to repeal the affordable care act. and
"donald trump just beat bill clinton at something
"once again
"jason brown
"one of the things that has plagued america   besides donald trump himself   is the potus  twitter usage. every day
"donald trump s new pick for communications director
"donald trump s white house has been going through a lot of insane changes lately
 it may be a felony"
"the trump administration
"you thought the people passing through fargo
"on thursday
"while the gop congress has mostly fallen right in line behind their dear orange leader
"thursday afternoon
"on wednesday
"donald trump is so desperate to take credit for job creation that he ignored the fact that the deal he bragged about takes money away from every person in wisconsin.on wednesday
"senator lindsey graham (r-sc) has never been a fan of donald trump. he regularly criticized trump throughout his disastrous campaign and very publicly refused to support him or vote for him. now that we are six months into this american nightmare of a  presidency
"after a fierce backlash following donald trump s appalling speech in front of the boy scouts in west virginia
"on thursday
"the amount of in-fighting that we ve seen in donald trump s administration is like nothing we ve ever seen before. there have been an unprecedented amount of leaks coming from inside the white house
 contradict his transgender ban"
 sends ominous warning to reince priebus"
"while it s sometimes difficult to keep up with all the legal hot water donald trump is in
 and here’s why"
"trump apparently will continue the feud he started with jeff sessions when he said he thought sessions had been very unfair in recusing himself from the russia investigation. he wants someone who is going to be 100 percent blindly loyal (meaning someone who will stop any and all investigations into him and his family and open investigations into hillary and the democrats)
"donald trump s approval rating continues to plummet in its downward spiral
"because today ends in a y
"apparently
 says he will not allow military service of transgender soldiers"
 trump is sad he has no eric holder"
"when donald trump addressed the boy scouts  national jamboree monday night
"according to lawyers for donald trump
"holy f*ckballs
 and this audio from a hot mic proves it"
"mental health professionals will now be allowed to openly diagnose donald trump.for the first time since 1973
"it s official. donald trump is losing republican support in congress.as much as they want to believe that continuing to support trump is in their best interests
"donald trump s continuing effort to derail the investigation of his russia scandal is finally causing his support among republicans in congress to crack.for months
"donald trump is desperate to distract everyone from keeping up with his russia scandal.in yet another early morning twitter rant
"trump continued his attacks on the fake news media on monday night
"on monday night
"donald trump is very busy right now trying to get rid of his attorney general
"by now
 fleeing sinking ship"
 swears and talks cocktail parties — in a speech to children"
 not america"
"with the trumpcare vote coming up tomorrow
"surely
"tuesday
"donald trump s conflicts of interest are finally starting to create some major problems for the undeserving potus.when trump was elected
"the congressional black caucus is a very influential voice in the house of representatives. most republicans are hesitant to criticize them as a group
"unlike the united states
"trumpers are rejoicing over the escalating activities of immigration and customs enforcement because of their wholly misguided belief that undocumented immigrants do nothing but sit here
 ‘obama’care is somehow 17 years old (tweets)"
"a texas republican congressman blamed female republicans for the gop s cruel  health care  bill
"this should have been a red flag.as we all know
 but no worries
 watches junior and manafort drown from the shore"
 hillary ‘scandals’ (video)"
"on saturday
"donald trump is losing it. on monday
 taking away your vote — here’s how"
"republicans always like to claim they are the party of  family values.  as such
 so president obama crushed him – to his face"
 not protect you’ (tweets)"
"at a rally last year
"donald trump made a plea to naval officers at a ceremony recently
"donald trump got a late start on his incoherent twitter whining sunday but better late than never
"one has to wonder how much longer kellyanne conway can keep lying for donald trump
"because there s totally nothing else better for the trump administration to do
"anthony scaramucci got his ass handed to him on sunday morning by cnn host jake tapper.just a day has gone by since scaramucci became the white house communications director
 so conservatives called her ‘ghetto trash’ (screenshots)"
"the most controversial judicial nominee on president trump s list was just confirmed on thursday in a u.s. senate vote catastrophe.meet john bush
 you clearly can’t do it"
"donald trump may think he s the best
"it doesn t take a rocket scientist to know that having a russia-u.s. cybersecurity unit is the most backwards
"when republicans talk about cutting taxes
 can be indicted"
"this brings party before country to a whole new level. republicans are admitting they are fine with treason
"in case everyone didn t know
"taking donald trump s erratic
"democrats and republicans don t agree on a lot
 convoluted rant ever (tweets)"
"donald trump jr.
 trump might’ve just gone to war with the nra"
"former obama national security adviser
 over 70 items discovered missing"
 discussed trump campaign with russian government"
"it s been a rough day in the donald trump white house. after a mostly incoherent interview published in the new york times
"donald trump s inner circle is shattering as we speak. not only has white house press secretary sean spicer resigned
 demands trump jr. testimony"
"during  made in america  week
"sen. john mccain (r-az)
"the whole world knows about the bombshell report of donald trump jr.
"it turns out that william f. buckley s own son wasn t thrilled about sean hannity receiving an award named after his dad.and that may be the exact reason why the conservative group known as the media research center rescinded the  media excellence  award he was set to receive
"as donald trump s legal team tries to dig up leverage to use against investigators and researches his pardon power
 go back to africa’"
"presidents are supposed to serve the american people
"while donald trump hasn t exactly made an admission of guilt in the russian scandal
"a billionaire gop donor is fed up with donald trump and he s fed up with republicans in congress who refuse to do anything about trump. now he has a very strongly worded message for congress   he wants them to do something about the monster in the white house or he ll stop writing them checks. in fact
"one of the many reasons americans were suspicious of donald trump to begin with was because of his various business conflicts and shady finances
"the senate judiciary committee just gave former trump campaign manager paul manafort and donald trump jr. a decision to make by friday evening and the clock is ticking. the committee has pre-approved subpoenas in order to force manafort and don jr. to appear before the panel if they do not accept by friday evening an invitation to appear next week
 second secret putin meeting was ‘more than small talk’"
 expands probe to trump family finances"
"amateur president donald trump left his chair at a post-g-20 summit dinner to walk over and meet with russian president vladimir putin for a second time
 gets his a** handed to him by sally yates (tweet)"
 premiums to double if obamacare repealed but not replaced"
"donald trump surely saw this response coming.after all
"reaching an almost all-time low even by their own standards
"sen. john mccain (r-az) was diagnosed with brain cancer following a surgery to remove a two-inch blood clot from above his left eye. amateur president donald trump has failed to deliver a message on his always-busy twitter timeline
"it s no secret that republicans seem to think that the movie idiocracy is a documentary. they refuse to believe the scientific consensus that climate change is manmade and a big f*cking deal. republicans actually think that higher education is bad and well
 says he never should have made him ag (audio)"
 americans stunned"
 obviously compromised"
 staffers talked about blowup dolls"
"republicans and democrats are upset over attorney general jeff sessions  controversial plans to increase civil asset forfeiture. the department of justice is stepping up efforts to seize property and money suspected of being used in a crime or obtained through illegal activity. that whole  innocent until guilty  thing was just thrown out the window.local officials would be able to pull the feds into an investigation in order to ease the process of seizing assets from criminal suspects
"the co-chair of trump s voter fraud commission
"as you are probably aware
"a new report has just revealed that fox news patriarch rupert murdoch was so horrified by the idea of donald trump becoming president that he instructed former ceo roger ailes to do all he could to swing the election in favor of  anyone but trump     even hillary. the revelation came during an interview with ailes that took place before his death
"donald trump s presidency is spiraling out of control and dear leader appears to be holed up in the white house
 despite admitting it"
"donald trump has been exposed once again
"the story of donald trump jr. s 2016 meeting with a russian lawyer capable of providing damning information against his father s then presidential campaign running mate
"how the hell can anybody call themselves intelligent when they re supporting donald trump? it s a question that baffles people who are able to think critically
"donald trump said after his official meeting with vladimir putin at the g- 19  summit that the two  get along very
 shuts accountability office down"
"mitch mcconnell pretended to care about the american people on tuesday as he blamed democrats for his own party s failure to pass trumpcare.seriously. he actually had the gall to accuse democrats of not caring about people even though the  repeal and replace  bill his party tried to pass would have stripped healthcare away from millions of americans and would have gutted medicaid all while erasing the protections provided by the affordable care act. he even made the outrageous claim that republicans reached out to democrats to work with them on the bill. i imagine many democrats were celebrating last night
"just imagine the deafening outrage from conservatives if a democrat shared an article calling for the death of sen. john mccain. the 80-year-old republican senator is recovering from brain surgery after a 2-inch blood clot was found over his left eye. a nevada official tried to explain why she shared an article which literally calls for mccain s death in which she added  amen  to the now-deleted tweet.diana orrock
"well
"for months now
"the trump administration likes to keep their backdoor deals tight-lipped
"house republicans have vowed to fight fire with fire
"for someone that ran on the  drain the swamp  platform
"imagine your boss or a client sends you an email informing you of a meeting. what do you do? do you read the entire email so you ll be prepared or do just guess and wing it? you d probably read the email so you re prepared. jared kushner
 meltdown inevitable (tweet)"
"trump s numerous attacks on former fbi director james comey are about to come back and bite him in the ass. while trump has spent his time attempting (poorly) to portray comey as someone who is unreliable and worse
"donald trump just refuses to admit that most americans disapprove of him and his pathetic presidency.on sunday
 this company schooled donald trump on how to treat women"
 chelsea’s response is priceless (tweet)"
"donald trump s allies would very much like the rnc to cover the legal costs of retaining attorneys amid the inquiries into whether the campaign colluded with the russian government during the 2016 election. it appears
"donald trump and his vice-president are eager to pass the gop/trumpcare bill even though it will harm millions of americans. it s not even a health care bill; it s more of a death care bill. democratic and republican governors agree that it s a bad proposal. according to a report presented at the national governors association
 goes nuclear on team trump (video)"
"star trek legend george takei gloriously shredded donald trump s dipshit son in a column which includes a poem for trump jr. to read to pass the time in his prison cell.as we all know by now
 says what every american is thinking right now (video)"
"while the defense of three members of trump s camp meeting with russians last year has taken more turns than a roller coaster
"by now
"we all know that the gop is the party of anti-lgbtq theocrats. however
 punishes qatar for refusing to give $500 million loan to son-in-law kushner"
"ronald reagan is rolling in his grave.donald trump s campaign is guilty of colluding with russia and that became even clearer on friday morning when nbc revealed that a fifth person attended trump jr s meeting with a russian lawyer.in addition to paul manafort
"donald trump went on a tirade on friday morning because republicans in congress are not stripping healthcare from millions of americans fast enough.for months
"keeping in line with his constant backtracking and just generally erratic ways
"jesus f*cking christ our president* is a moron. not satisfied with simply wasting billions of taxpayer dollars on a border wall
"chicago police sergeant george granias  abuse of a black woman he arrested and falsely accused of driving drunk has a very disturbing internet habit. during an investigation into his december 2013 arrest and subsequent beating of patassa johnson
"with the release of the email chain that proves that donald trump jr.
"if you ve been living under a rock for the past few days
 has perfect solution to stop it"
"the six months since president donald trump was inaugurated have been somewhat of an adventure
"an interview with cnn anchor anderson cooper and sebastian gorka wednesday night went off the rails when the white house deputy assistant started lecturing the host on  fake news.  it s remarkable really because gorka is  fake.  even his phd is fake and yet
"donald trump s white house is in more turmoil than ever
 files first article of impeachment against trump"
"now that we ve known donald trump well for a while now
 wants to starve americans to pay for trump’s border wall (video)"
"nothing is wrong. pay no attention to the fire raging all around you. all is well.this is the message coming out of the trump white house in the wake of his son s admission that he and multiple others members of the campaign and the administration knowingly met with a kremlin-connected lawyer who would be presenting them with damaging information about hillary clinton. on behalf of the russian government. in trump tower. just before the donald tweeted about hillary clinton s emails for the first time.in fact
 particularly on college campuses"
"joe scarborough
"the white house is getting really nervous today after donald trump jr. tweeted out damning copies of an email chain of a discussion about setting up a meeting with a kremlin-connected russian lawyer in order to obtain dirt on hillary clinton. also at the meeting was trump s son-in-law
"after last week s g-20 meeting
"the entire weekend
"if you haven t heard
"for someone who is as vocal and outspoken as donald trump on social media
"donald trump jr. may have been born with a silver spoon in his mouth
"during his presidential campaign
"when it comes to the topic of climate change
"donald trump s tweeting is a source of endless nightmares for republicans and white house staff. they can try to sugarcoat anything trump does
 like son: trump jr. wakes up tweeting desperate nonsense about the press and democrats"
"things just keep getting worse for donald trump jr. with the word  treason  floating around on both the left and right
"proving that the biggest obstacle to his presidency is always going to be himself and his equally incompetent team and family
"if you have been vacationing under a rock over the weekend
"donald trump and his favorite daughter
"at the close of the election
 sets trump up for another potential libel lawsuit"
"it s kind of poetic: russian help and trump s tweets are largely what propelled him to the white house
"donald trump threw an early morning temper tantrum on twitter again.last week
 blasts trump for trying to team up with putin"
"for as smug as he always appears to be
"it can easily be said that donald trump is not the most honest person in the world. in fact
 vows to be the one to kill trumpcare"
 and the result will enrage him"
"a couple of weeks ago
"donald trump tweeted sunday morning about his visit with russian president vladimir putin. while most were his standard complaining about the media and trying to bolster his controversial meeting with the russian strongman
"rep. adam schiff (d-ca) is the ranking member of the intelligence committee in the house of representatives. he is also a rising star in the era of donald trump
"the narrative regarding the trump-russia connection seems to be  nothing to see here  when it comes to supporters of the so-called  president.  donald trump cannot abide anyone even suggesting that he had help to win in 2016
"one of the craziest things about trump s russia fiasco is the fact that to defend his role model
 lets ivanka take his place at g-20 summit"
 openly prefers to speak to other u.s. officials instead"
"house speaker paul ryan finally admitted the reason he is refusing to hold town hall meetings: he s too afraid of protesters. speaking at a boy scouts event in wisconsin
 it’s just as bad as you’d expect (video)"
"while spouses are a tradition at the g-20 summit
 this is beyond humiliating (video)"
 so he touched it (tweets)"
"former alaska governor sarah palin is not known for her good decision making. on friday
"after all of the conspiracy theories and lies sean hannity has peddled over the years
 she failed"
"incapable of putting his f*cking phone down during an important overseas trip
 world gags (video)"
 you did not ‘inherit a mess’ from obama (video)"
"house speaker paul ryan s office is throwing yet another obstacle in the way of the free press
"donald trump simply cannot seem to stop embarrassing himself   and thus america   on the world stage. right now
 mocks trump in brutal response to health care failure (details)"
"donald trump promised to surround himself with the  best  people
"it s no secret that donald trump hates the mainstream media
"republicans were crossing their fingers that donald trump s visit to europe would go better than the last time
 she refuses to touch him (video)"
"six million poles lost their lives during world war ii. but to donald trump
"donald trump just sank to a new embarrassing low on the world stage.sitting presidents usually do not attack their predecessors
"donald trump s first trip overseas was an absolute disaster
"the current occupant of the white house traveled overseas and met with president andrzej duda of poland at the royal castle in warsaw
"donald trump s obsession with twitter and inability to concentrate on any concept more complex than a sentence or two is now being put to use by his desperate staff.trump is about to embark on a high-stakes
 this is a major ‘f*ck you’ to potus (details)"
"donald trump has been notorious for touting poll numbers that look good for him. during the campaign
"on wednesday
"amateur president donald trump isn t well liked in the u.s. or around the world. 37 nations had far more confidence in former barack obama when it comes to international affairs than with the former reality show star. in the u.k.
"gas prices are expected to rise sharply this year
"amid news of the russian scandal and congress  dystopian agenda
"if there s one thing that has become abundantly clear over the past year or so
"leaked text messages between the daughters of paul manafort
 dumbass conservatives think it’s an attack on trump (screenshots)"
"the donald trump administration has to be the whiniest in history. of course
 more states resist giving voter info"
"the republican effort to impeach former president bill clinton is coming back to haunt them.back in 1998
"donald trump s giant tower in chicago now has a very appropriate neighbor   a sign that puts it (and trump) into context.our  so-called president  has recently found himself the subject of ridicule for hanging up fake time magazine covers at his properties in an effort to keep his massively undeserved ego satisfied. recently
"white house officials are now saying trump won t make a trip to england this summer after a hurried
"rep. maxine waters just called housing and urban development secretary ben carson out for the heartless a**hole that he is. speaking at the essence festival in new orleans
 this is going to get ugly (video)"
 he sounds just like trump now"
"president obama visited jakarta
"chris christie s new jersey is in such gridlock that they ve had shut down the government
 fake-wrestling clip attacking cnn"
"sunday morning
"donald trump is going to lose his shit if he reads this.throughout the week
 what he did is beyond disrespectful (video)"
"many americans have been begging donald trump to delete his twitter account for the sake of the country s reputation
 this could ruin him (tweet)"
"the twitter-addicted  president  just explained all of his recent vile tweets
"donald trump has never tried to hide the fact that he is a misogynistic a**hole. rosie o donnell
 idiotic speech about ‘space’ goes viral"
"donald trump spent his week on twitter blasting mika brzezinski and joe scarborough
"on saturday
"donald trump threw a temper tantrum on saturday morning because states are refusing to cooperate with his bullshit  voter fraud  panel.as you may recall
"ever since the historic ruling that made same-sex marriage legal in all 50 states in june 2015
"this incredibly awkward story comes from new york post reporter gabby morrongiello:a source tells me trump ran around the west wing yesterday asking staff what they thought of his tweet & admitting it wasn't presidential  gabby morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) june 30
 kellyanne conway
"former attorney general eric holder
"trump has been on a 48-hour freak out with the hosts of msnbc s  morning joe  and his clear incoherence has everyone from mental health experts to average americans once again concerned that the president is seriously mentally ill. the evidence that our president is indeed mentally unfit for office is circumstantial but persuasive   and trump keeps digging the hole deeper.most people would agree that a man who can t stop himself from fabricating a rumor of a bleeding facelift to publicly attack the host of a cable show he doesn t like is unfit for office. in normal times
"blackmail is a crime. it s time to impeach donald trump.despite a desperate effort by the white house to deny it
"to say people aren t happy is an understatement. people are extremely angry about state assembly speaker anthony rendon shelving the single-payer healthcare bill in california.huffington post reports that rendon has received death threats since making this decision.it is a shame that the bill got shelved as we all wanted to see how california would fare
"the nation is still reeling from the fact that the so-called  president
"ever since donald trump took his ride down the escalator with his wife melania
"there have been many reactions to donald trump s thursday morning twitter meltdown that led to unbelievably misogynistic and disgusting attacks on one of the show s co-hosts
"we already know that donald trump hates exercising. in italy
"the national rifle association
"an explosive report in the wall street journal explicitly links the russian-hacked clinton campaign emails with trump s campaign   and michael flynn s chances of ending up in prison just skyrocketed.according to the report
"if today on fox news was any indication at all
"a couple of weeks ago
 asked aides for gifts to give him"
"white house counselor kellyanne conway likes to call her critics  sexist  but she s always stood by amateur president donald trump s misogynistic attacks. in may
 urges more of them to rebuke sexist trump (tweets)"
"set off by a comment about his small hands on msnbc s morning joe
"on thursday
 juvenile attacks on ‘morning joe’ hosts (tweets)"
"figuring out the best way to deal with healthcare and health insurance is very delicate
"it can easily be said that there is a madman who has been allowed to take residence in the white house. a man with the maturity level of an awkward prepubescent pre-teen. a man who has been handed everything his entire life yet still feels entitled to bash others if they so dare criticize him and the work he supposedly does.as you all probably remember the horrible megyn kelly remarks he made about her bleeding out of her  wherever
"donald trump and the people in his administration have precious little to brag about nowadays
"senate minority leader chuck schumer has been pushing for donald trump to negotiate with him and his fellow democrats on health care. on wednesday
"no one should be surprised about this
 except they do"
 doesn’t even know what trumpcare is (details)"
 the democratic base is not ready to get rid of nancy pelosi"
"the republicans are at it again   this time by passing a bill that will allow public schools in kentucky to teach the bible.wdrb reports that the man responsible for this is gov. matt bevin. it was publicly signed at the capitol on tuesday. the bill
"for trump supporters
"republican senator rand paul spoke with cnn s erin burnett on tuesday and accidentally spilled the beans about the kind of healthcare american really needs. while explaining his position on the latest healthcare plan drummed up by the gop
"watching the healthcare bill he staked his entire presidency on flame out in the senate seems to have broken trump s brain. within 24 hours
"donald trump woke up on wednesday morning and lashed out at the media again.the temper tantrum was aimed at the new york times because they talked to a republican senator who attended a meeting at the white house trump organized to discuss the healthcare bill.earlier this week
"protests against trumpcare are ramping up now that the congressional budget office has released their assessment of the bill. and not surprisingly
"team trump has reportedly been involved in a heated battle with walt disney world over the speech given by the president s robotic likeness at disney s the hall of presidents exhibit.a source told vice that there has been a back-and-forth with trump s aides and disney. trump s team has insisted that they will write the speech given by the president s robot at the attraction.the source explained to vice
"former acting attorney general sally yates was fired by donald trump when she refused to defend his travel ban
"not long ago
"according to a new report
"the congressional budget office released their report on the senate s version of the republican  health care  bill on monday
"donald trump was in a room full of irish reporters while placing a call to their newly elected irish leader leo varadkar when irish reporter caitriona perry seems to have caught his eye. what followed was awkward for everybody in the room
"donald trump s war on the free press just entered a dark new phase. after spending the election smearing reporters
 this is unprecedented (images)"
"this proves that republicans never care about the struggles americans face until they go through it themselves.donald trump is continuing to push republicans to pass his trumpcare bill to repeal the affordable care act
"donald trump went on another uncontrollable rant against the media on tuesday morning.days after three cnn employees resigned over a minor story about the russia investigation that turned out to be incorrect
"while on the campaign trail
"for the years since the debate over the affordable care act began
"last tuesday
"despite how much the mainstream media and america has clearly communicated that no one is interested in what trump adviser kellyanne conway has to say anymore
"a group of disabled americans protesting the senate s plan to kick 22 million off of health insurance knew they faced jail if they showed up at senator todd young s office   and possibly worse. just four days ago
"for the first time since taking office
"republicans who call themselves  pro-life  are presenting a health care plan that would literally kill tens of thousands of people by implementing devastating cuts to medicaid and sister simone campbell
"ivanka trump is a lot of things to her father   someone he wants to have sex with (his words
"if you read anything about the supreme court today
000 medical bill"
 part of it"
"donald trump threw another temper tantrum on twitter as the investigation closes in on him.you know that the investigation must be getting closer to nailing trump to the wall by how he is acting right now.over the last few days
 makes them put same-sex parents’ names on birth certificates"
"donald trump rode into the presidency with all the political savvy
"on sunday
"eric trump has a new haircut and that haircut looks to be an outrageously offensive political statement.moving away from the slicked back caricature of a wall street sleazeball
’ accuses obama of stealing the term (video)"
"donald trump is now trying to tweet his way out of being investigated for collusion. he screwed himself over instead.only a day after he admitted that russia did interfere with the 2016 election to help him win and blamed president obama for it
 it’s not rape if person revokes consent during sex"
"the republican  healthcare  plan is a travesty and the numbers don t lie. sen. orrin hatch does
"donald trump must be squirming in his tightie-whities as the investigation into his administration s collusion with russia heats up because he just tweeted one of the absolute dumbest things he has said in quite a while   that the investigation should shift to president obama because his administration uncovered vladimir putin s verified plot (complete with direct instructions) to install trump in the oval office. since the obama administration was told way before the 2016 election that the russians were meddling
000 to trend pro-ahca message on twitter
"with the unveiling of the senate republicans  disastrous new health care proposal
"on saturday
"donald trump jr. is so furious over johnny depp s bad assassination joked that he wants disney to fire the actor.speaking in england on thursday
"for months
"is he really going to do it this time? with stephen colbert
"usually
"by now
"if there is one thing going for the american people against trump s assault on decency
 airs interview that might actually get trump impeached (video)"
"joe biden was speaking at the skybridge alternatives (salt) conference when one rich  a**hole  decided to disrespect the former vice president s dead son. biden was furious and he put the heckler in his place effortlessly.bill ackman
 brilliantly shuts it down (tweets)"
 california enacts travel ban to trump country"
 so cnn got creative"
 a racist
 take seflies in white house"
 and it is damning for trump"
 then gives off-camera press briefing"
"does donald trump have tapes of his conversations with fired fbi director james comey? until thursday
"a 24-year-old that set fire to a fountain on wednesday morning in washington
"at this point
"donald trump stroked his own ego again and got humiliated for it.during a very creepy cabinet meeting where each member took their turn praising trump on national television
"canadian prime minister justin trudeau participated in a forum on thursday
 and it’s awesome (screenshots)"
"donald trump has been tweeting all day   and his latest is triggering a needless fight with one of america s largest trade partners. naturally
 600 to be fired next month"














"at this point
"conservatives love to tell us that donald trump speaks his mind and always tells the truth despite a mountain of evidence against the latter point
"the super top-secret gop healthcare bill has been released. hidden within all the kerfuffle is a woman s worst nightmare: planned parenthood losing its funding.reported by the hill
 wants to investigate russian meddling in 2016 election"
"donald trump is once again the white house leaker he keeps whining about.ever since taking office
"*hey justin
"alleged president donald trump has been on the job for only 153 days and he held another ego-rally on wednesday. the crowd of adoring trump fans cheered him on as he spoke down to them in a condescending manner. the former reality show star who ran on a  drain the swamp  platform offered an explanation in iowa for why he has one of the wealthiest cabinets in u.s. history. the amateur president suggested that he hired billionaire private-equity investor wilbur ross to be his commerce secretary because he isn t poor. trump said
"as donald trump stacks his cabinet with ultra-conservative members of congress
"representative ron simmons
"one would think that donald trump would ve learned his lesson by now and actually fact-check what he is going to say in advance
"we all remember how on the eve of montana s special election
"in a move that will most likely never be described as  progress
"on tuesday
"randy bryce
 here’s proof (details)"
 and it’s beautiful"
 accuses them of ‘trying to hide something’ (video)"
"by now
"like father
 protects millions in subsidies for himself"
"donald trump apparently expects democrats to support his evil agenda just because a republican won a race in a red state.the special election in georgia s 6th district on tuesday was tight but eventually went to karen handel by a mere five points.democrats had an opportunity to take the house seat but jon ossoff fell short as republicans employed dirty tricks in the final days of the race
"on january 20 this year
"according to a person interviewed by the fbi
 a new doj plan doesn’t even mention it"
"most people think of house speaker paul ryan as completely safe in his seat. after all
 gets stomped on by twitter users everywhere"
"it s hard not to feel that john mccain
 doesn’t have insurance"
"if you pay attention to right-wing media
"in a case that could have far-reaching consequences on the outcome of future elections
"republicans are panicking over today s special election in georgia
 doesn’t want to be president anymore"
"what is up with sean hannity lately? last night
"there s a new gallup poll out showing that donald trump can
"donald trump s presidency has given rise to an amount of discrimination
 hold senate floor in protest (video)"
"newt gingrich has been one of donald trump s most vocal cheerleaders
"white house press briefings have gone completely dark. sean spicer and donald trump s press team are either skipping daily briefings altogether or they re holding them
"as is the norm for donald trump
"donald trump is no stranger to doing business in the middle east
"a horrifying incident took place in the early hours of monday morning in finsbury park in london.a van plowed into a group of muslim worshipers as they were leaving prayers at a pair of north london mosques.yep   you read that right. a terrorist attack has happened in london against muslims. this incident follows two recent terrorist attacks in london in which vehicles have been used as weapons
 gets torn apart over huge mistake (tweets)"
 and here’s how"
"a pac that claims to support  principled conservative candidates that will lead the fight to restore constitutionally limited government
"it s an old story: a demographic won t vote republican
"a new report from the new york times reveals that trump renewed trademarks in russia
 lawyers are ready to quit (tweets)"
"critics are calling former fox news host
"the question as to whether donald trump is being investigated by special counsel robert mueller or not was answered definitively by trump himself via a tweet he posted on friday morning. that s why jay sekulow
"donald trump has been consumed with a seething anger and frustration lately that s slipping into everything he does. this week
"joy reid rained on donald trump s parade on sunday morning
"donald trump got hilariously owned on twitter again.on sunday morning
"despite his tweets
"the bright side of the russian/trump investigation
"former speaker newt gingrich is convinced that  somebody  is most likely going to wind up in jail when the investigation into russia s interference in our election is done
"one of donald trump s favorite morons   you know
 proving he is mentally unfit to be president"
"an employee of the columbus city school system made a post to facebook on thursday
"it is now possible for religious adoption agencies in texas to reject lgbt+ parents from adopting children.the daily caller reports that republican texas gov. greg abbott signed a bill on thursday allowing faith-based foster care and adoption agencies to deny lgbt parents. this law
 hires another high profile lawyer"
"donald trump s longtime personal lawyer
 administration in free fall (details)"
 and now it’s beautifully trolling donald trump"
"at one time
"donald trump is desperate to stop the investigation into his dirty russian escapades and even went as far as firing fbi director james comey
"as commander-in-chief
 decides to keep daca"
 imagines her own death (video)"
"donald trump is definitely protesting too much.this would be a good time for trump to keep his mouth shut
"here s something you might want to send to your nearest trump supporting family member the next time you hear them say trump is  draining the swamp : when it came time to hire the person who would control the multi-billion dollar new york/new jersey housing department
"russia s defense ministry is investigating whether they have killed possibly the world s most wanted man
"in response to the u.s. withdrawing from the paris climate agreement earlier this month
"donald trump s administration and white house is the leakiest in living memory. this is because even his own staff knows that he is incompetent
"according to a gallup poll released on thursday
"rocker ted nugent says he s seen the light after the virgina shooting and claims he will stop with the toxic rhetoric he is famous for using to attack democrats.in an interview with 77wabc radio on thursday
"there has been a lot of social media speculation over what will happen if and when donald trump is impeached or he is forced to resign. the constitution
"the trump white house is now officially in full-blown crisis mode. first
"after the news broke that trump is going to be investigated for possible obstruction of justice
"former fox news host megyn kelly s interview with trump supporter
"rep. steve king (r-ia) has been in the news constantly
"as attorney general
"during a private speech to journalists
 blames trump for baseball game attack on gop (video)"
"on trump s birthday
 sells them $12 billion worth of weapons"
"the trump white house is perhaps the leakiest in the history of the american presidency. this is because trump s own staffers are sick of his erratic
"despite all the evidence otherwise
 president obama once again shows what bipartisan class looks like"
 then immediately falls back into old pattern of lies"
 democrats are getting calls saying ‘you guys are next’"
"whether or not trump obstructed justice in his interactions with james comey has been the subject of hot debate ever since comey was fired from his position as fbi director on may 9. now
"if republicans were even moderately literate
"in the wake of a mass shooting that left a republican member of congress and several others injured
 trump jr. spread false info about capitol shooter to blame it on liberals"
 abuse"
"chuck grassley
 finally has a ‘win’ that will shock america (image)"
 steve scalise shot"
"a missouri state representative is making national headlines today after he shared a video on facebook of him decapitating a living chicken to drive home his disgusting opinion about abortion.in the grotesque video
 wh aides said hell no"
 so she scorches him on twitter (details)"
"attorney general jeff sessions appeared before the senate intelligence committee on tuesday afternoon and not surprisingly
"the golden state warriors just clenched the 2017 nba champions against the cleveland cavaliers. they fought hard in the 4-1 series
"donald trump went on a whining rant about the media on tuesday morning and got totally humiliated.as he usually does
"some people believe that trump is  journaling  his thoughts by posting on twitter. he s being transparent
"the u.s. supreme court has struck down a backward
"acclaimed horror writer stephen king is no fan of donald trump and has been calling him and his administration out on twitter every step of the way. the scathing callouts have a tendency to go viral as people relish the no-nonsense way king approaches condemning trump.finally trump seems to have had enough of the mockery. he just blocked stephen king on twitter. king relayed the news to his fans with typical humor.trump has blocked me from reading his tweets. i may have to kill myself.  stephen king (@stephenking) june 13
"the russian attacks on our election were far more widespread than previously thought. recently
"megyn kelly may have departed fox news for more legitimate pastures at nbc
"the world was stunned when donald trump pulled the usa out of the paris climate accord
"after watching fox news
 instantly backfires"
"the republican party has always had a problem with racism. that s no accident; after all it was their racist  southern strategy  that got them the votes of racist white southerners once the civil rights act was signed. modern day republicans like to point out that it was the democrats who were the party of the ku klux klan and other racists
 fails to defend trump over comey tapes (video)"
"a first-of-its-kind lawsuit was announced on monday. the lawsuit will be filed jointly by maryland s attorney general
"donald trump s presidency is falling apart. between the russia investigations
"seriously
"donald trump is acting like a caged animal. since around the time he fired fbi director james comey
"once again
 claims they set cars on fire"
"people are scratching their heads at an event trump just held that has no precedent in united states history but wouldn t look out of place in north korea. for reasons that nobody can discern
"nothing betrays your official narrative that your administration is functionally well and you are not a crook like tweeting assurances from fox news that your chances of being impeached are only slim. one might argue that frantically insisting that you are probably not going to get impeached only makes the notion that you probably are all the more reasonable. no sane president would get caught doing something so desperate.but trump woke up and did just that.in another humdinger to add to a series of self-owns
 laughs off his july 4th ultimatum"
"wall township high school in wall
"robert mueller
"fox news loves to point the finger at  snowflakes  and anybody they think should buck-up and not complain about the way of the world. ironically
"donald trump has claimed
"over the last nine years or so
"one of the gop s biggest donors who used to be associated with ibm is the man responsible for millions of twitter bots that follow president trump and are likely designed to spread false or misleading news to voters on social media.robert mercer
 you’d impeach him"
"donald trump has chosen to ignore pride month
"as our current administration continues to prove that it has no actual concern for the working class
"amid allegations of russian interference with our elections
"donald trump has made quite the fuss about tapes of conversations between himself and former fbi director james comey. problem is
"donald trump s favorite morning propaganda program on fox news just got their asses handed to them for counting their chickens before they ve hatched.ever since former fbi director james comey confirmed that trump is not personally under investigation for collusion with russia
"rather than stick around in washington following former fbi director james comey s senate testimony
 cancels public testimony because he doesn’t want to answer questions about russia"
"the department of justice is now arguing that the president can take money from foreign governments. why? the doj is arguing for trump because the citizens for responsibilities and ethics in washington filed a lawsuit against trump stating he is violating the constitution by accepting foreign money.according to reports
"after former fbi director
"on sunday
"following james comey s testimony in front of the senate intelligence committee
"so many questions have come up in the wake of james comey s senate testimony. house minority leader nancy pelosi is again asking the harsh but necessary question
"the eating habits of president trump have been scrutinized by the press many times during his campaign and presidency. once again
 and she may have thrown trump to the wolves (tweets)"
"it s all over the news that president trump s popularity is sliding down a slippery slope
” twitter ex-ceo slams trump meeting and commentators go wild!"
"there s some funny business happening this weekend at the jersey shore
"white house deputy press secretary sarah huckabee sanders made more sense on saturday than she has in her numerous defenses of donald trump. anchor
"legendary investigative reporter carl bernstein sees right through donald trump s bullshit.in response to former fbi director james comey s testimony that outed trump as a liar who fired him just because he wouldn t drop a federal investigation
"donald trump just got caught lying again and there is video to prove it.when former fbi director james comey testified under oath in the senate on thursday
"after james comey called him a liar five times on thursday
"justice department deputy solicitor general michael dreeben will assist robert mueller and he s no slacker. he has argued more than 100 cases before the u.s. supreme court so his resume is worthy of joining the investigation into possible coordination between trump s associates and russian officials. donald trump had better stock up on aspirin because team mueller is going to be all up in his business. the move signals that mueller may be seeking advice on complex areas of criminal law
 congressional committees want to see comey ‘tapes’ (tweets)"
"donald trump shredded the first amendment during his remarks at the faith and freedom coalition on thursday and made a total ass of himself on twitter.during his speech
"president trump is pissing off a lot of his fellow republicans with his inability to cooperate with normal
"donald trump has been having a rough time lately and things came to a head on thursday when james comey testified before congress regarding the  president s  attempts to obstruct justice. judging by friday s press conference
"cnn announced it would be severing its ties to religious scholar and popular writer reza aslan. the long-time cnn contributor was working on a nonfiction show called  believer  on the cable network. his crime? responding to trump s pathetic smears on london after it suffered a terror attack by calling him a  piece of shit. if cnn was interested in relaying the truth
"eight years ago
"donald trump s bigoted attack against london s mayor just backfired spectacularly.the day after london was attacked by a terrorists
"it s becoming increasingly apparent
"donald trump broke his twitter silence over james comey s senate testimony on friday morning by committing an act of obstruction. not smart!during the former fbi director s testimony on thursday
"i guess trump missed the sticks and stones lesson in life as more and more of his critics are getting blocked on twitter over the tiniest things.take
"sometimes you get the feeling that paul ryan has forgotten exactly who he works for. despite the fact that while campaigning
"sen. richard blumenthal was deeply disturbed by james comey s testimony that attorney general jeff sessions was hiding a third meeting with the russians. during an interview with cnn s erin burnett on thursday
"while team trump is making light of the damage done by former fbi director james comey s highly anticipated testimony on thursday
"the entire nation has been glued to the coverage of fired fbi director james comey s testimony all day. when it was finally over
 the house quietly sucker-punched our economy"
"it really says something when republican leaders tell trump not to tweet during an important event.when former fbi director james comey s hearing was hours away
"lawyers
 then try to railroad comey into clearing him (video)"
"many of us have been ready to impeach donald trump since election night. however
"despite the pleading from large companies and citizens
"donald trump hired himself a personal lawyer to represent him in the russia investigation. marc kasowitz
"this last week has been an seemingly unending stream of terrifying
 this is beyond pathetic (details)"
 and the white house’s response is nuts (tweets)"
"on thursday
"donald trump has been asked by republicans to not tweet during former fbi director james comey s testimony to congress
"a young white man in chicago became an internet sensation and a probable future ex-con after on tuesday
"former fbi director james comey will testify before congress at 10 a.m. est on thursday
"former fbi director james comey is testifying before the senate intelligence committee today
 the world felt sane again"
"rep. maxine waters is taking a page right out of donald trump s playbook and turning it into a piece of political art. since trump took office
 senators from both parties livid"
"senators from both parties were frustrated with the intel chiefs who refused to answer their most important questions during wednesday s senate intelligence committee hearing. sen. john mccain (r-ariz)
 crumbles under russia pressure (tweets)"
"donald trump once again decided to waste precious speech time to bore americans with how hard his life is   and what he said is absolutely ridiculous.on wednesday
"it s hardly a well-kept secret. forty years of republican policies have proven that they don t give a crap about the people who voted them in. progressives know that
"everyone is in anticipation for thursday because of former fbi director
 not ‘fake news’ (video)"
"people who owe their lives to the affordable care act ripped donald trump a new one on wednesday for referring to them as victims of the healthcare program.only one day after sticking his foot in his mouth by bragging about himself and attacking one of our allies instead of honoring those who died on d-day 73 years ago
"james clapper was the director of national intelligence during the obama administration. he has been interviewed many times over the trump administration s troubles with russia and his latest statement is sure to make the trump white house furious   that s to say nothing of how donald trump himself will react when he gets wind of these comments.during remarks he was making at australia s national press club
 serving cheap russian vodka"
 hotel chain on morning tv and it’s perfectly legal"
 calls for a new election in hilarious must-see monologue"
"the apple truly doesn t fall far from the tree and eric trump proved that in a recent interview on fox news. in his very first sentence during an interview on fox s hannity program
"it s well known by now that trump unsuccessfully pressured comey to end the fbi s investigation into michael flynn and russia. many might think that his attempts to pressure authorities to end that investigation ended with comey
"the entire nation is now waiting with bated breath for fired fbi director james comey to testify in open session congress in what might be the biggest political event since election night. that will not take place until thursday
"one of the major things with donald trump s speech at the nato summit that shocked everyone was his refusal to commit to article 5
"donald trump may be realizing that there s something to the sage advice of not working with family. on tuesday
"donald trump has done so much damage that other countries are now scrambling to figure out their new role in the world. the u.s. is quickly losing its status as a superpower with trump at the helm and now leaders from around the globe are figuring out just who will fill the void. on tuesday
"trump took some time today during a white house meeting with republican congressional leaders to brag about his new ideas for the border wall. according to three meeting attendees
"in another despicable headline focused on the actions of president trump
"white house press secretary sean spicer has the hardest job in washington. he has to
 but law firms are turning him down cold"
 attacking the media
"donald trump may want to hire the best and the brightest to represent him in his growing russia scandal
"white house counselor kellyanne conway has previously said to take alleged president donald trump s tweets seriously but now
"the latest results are in and things are looking pretty bleak for president trump   as of monday
"reality leigh winner
"trump picked a petty
"after donald trump pulled the united states out of the paris climate accord
"since donald trump won the electoral college vote (and even months before that)
"donald trump may have been guilty in intentionally scheduled his first overseas trip to temporarily escape his russia scandal just as things started really heating up. unfortunately for trump
 smallest violin plays"
 he had nothing to sign"
"until recently
"kellyanne conway may still be loyal to donald trump
"donald trump s reaction to the london terrorist attack could not have been more disgraceful. not only did he use the incident to promote his extremely unconstitutional muslim ban
"so the conway marriage just took a turn   and kellyanne
"it s so much fun watching kellyanne conway get humiliated on live television.on monday morning
"trump spent his second day having a mental breakdown on twitter with no signs of stopping. situations around the world are at a particularly dire moment   the middle east on the brink of war
"on monday
"as of this writing
"the way donald trump responded on twitter to saturday s terrorist attack in central london that left seven dead and injured at least 48 others has ruffled more than a few feathers
"trump s popularity continues to slip and slide downhill
"trump is lighting the internet on fire with his response to the london attack
"former rep. gabby giffords was not about to let donald trump get away with exploiting the recent terror attacks in london to push his pro-gun agenda. the arizona democrat dropped the mic on trump with just one tweet.  every day is a gun debate
 trump fan responds and humiliates himself"
 shows trump how it’s supposed to be done (details)"
"considering the field that megyn kelly is in
"cnn s reza aslan is a world renowned author and religious scholar. therefore
"after the paris accord
 goes to bat for kathy griffin"
"here s a new low for america: during the unfolding tragedy in england
"donald trump is going to throw the mother of all temper tantrums when he learns about this.if you are sick and tired of trump and you need a way to take out your frustrations
 the reason why is infuriating"
 there must be tens of ‘em! (images/video)"
"ben and jerry
"as liberals are fighting over a picture posted by a self-professed d-list comedian and bill maher uttering the  n  word
"sean hannity is giddy and offended that finally
 not paris’ rally in d.c. after being told pittsburgh voted hillary (video)"
 conservatives silent (video)"
 it’s really disturbing (video)"
"don t we all owe $1.3 billion in loans
"if ivanka trump really cares about the lgbtq community she would not have supported her dad in the 2016 election.but she did
"the white house is beginning to panic. at least that s the most logical conclusion from their latest jaw-dropping move. in an order that s pretty much unprecedented (wouldn t it be nice if we had just one day without something unprecedented coming from this white house?)
"donald trump is so desperate to hear praise that he is retweeting anyone who congratulates him for withdrawing the united states from the paris climate deal.in an effort to prevent and reverse climate change
"french president emmanuel macron wasted no time in condemning trump for pulling the united states out of the paris climate agreement. he signed a joint press release that included italy and germany saying the agreement will not be renegotiated
"respected journalist dan rather appeared on the last word with lawrence o donnell thursday night and he had some harsh words about donald trump. the former cbs newsman even questioned whether or not trump is mentally sound
"trump s decision to pull america out of the paris climate accord is being described by policy experts and scientists as nothing short of catastrophic. in a single day
 and it is gold"
"the mayor of pittsburgh had a few choice words for donald trump after he used the city as a reason to abandon the paris climate agreement. i was elected to represent the citizens of pittsburgh
"sean hannity needs a safe space because he can t take a joke.for months
 calls him a toddler who constantly sh*ts his pants"
"donald trump continues to find even more ways to fail and fall back on all of the ridiculous promises he made during his presidential campaign   all while managing to piss off the rest of the world and cut ties with america s allies.trump proved himself even more incompetent on thursday
"while the trump administration is up to its collective neck in scandals
"most of us tend to be quite selective about who we give our phone number to so you would instantly assume that the president of the united states would guard his personal cell number with a great deal of secrecy too. well
"it wasn t even a month ago that a company run by the family of jared kushner
"following covfefe-gate
"the men investigating the working conditions at the factory that makes
"the smithsonian s museum of african-american history opened to much fanfare
"a new politico/morning consult poll is out
"wednesday morning
"as if donald trump didn t piss off world leaders enough during his awful overseas trip
"some of the biggest corporations in the united states have come together to beg donald trump not to abandon the paris climate agreement and they did it on the front page of the new york times. dear president trump
"judging by how disastrous donald trump s first overseas trip went
"former fbi director james comey is now one of the most dangerous men in washington to donald trump. there is nothing that could harm trump like comey testifying under oath in an open session of congress   yet that is exactly what comey plans to do. special counsel robert mueller has reportedly cleared comey to testify
 pulls out of paris accord"
"donald trump has been extremely active on twitter since he returned home from his first international trip as the president of the united states
"to donald trump
"a comedian went too far today and for that
 but not for killing an unarmed child"
 explodes over ‘fake news’ (video)"
"the mental exhaustion of being a member of the republican party is clearly getting to its politicians. last week
"michael cohen is a man who knows donald trump well. he has been trump s personal lawyer for many years
"after friday s right-wing terror attack in portland
 entire world calls bs"
"congress may not be quite ready to impeach trump
"donald trump doesn t particularly have a filter. when the president of the united states is unhappy about an issue or feels somehow short-changed
"german chancellor angela merkel is up for reelection in september
"graduates of university of notre dame s 2017 class
"earlier this month
 and trump will hate it"
 thinks he’s at a baseball game (video)"
"donald trump regularly takes a beating on twitter
"president donald trump just completed his first foreign trip and the verdict is decidedly mixed as to how well he fared in europe. for his part
"if you didn t already think donald trump embarrassed our country at the g7 summit in sicily
 trump responds via twitter"
"donald trump keeps digging himself deeper and deeper into a hole where russia is concerned. his entire term has been plagued by a steady drip of leaks regarding his shady russian ties. the latest revelation to become front page news is that his son-in-law and senior advisor
"it s no secret that german chancellor angela merkel is no fan of donald trump. they had a frosty visit when she visited the united states. he infamously refused to shake her hand for the cameras as is customary in the oval office
"house speaker paul ryan is hugely unpopular
"it was the cringe-inducing handshake seen   and mocked   around the world. trump sat down with the new president of france
"donald trump was away for a bit over a week
"while the other six world leaders at the g7 (group of seven) walked a short 700 yards through taormina
"the white house is finally wising up and realizing that america s current president is a toddler
"during the presidential campaign
"in a stunning example of just how morally bankrupt right-wing media has become in the age of trump
 and his response is beyond pathetic (details)"
"jared kushner
 please allow me to educate you"
 premiums could rise by up to 850% for low-income older americans"
"ben carson
"trump is not the only u.s. leader in europe right now. former president obama is also there
 but there’s just one tiny problem"
"it was recently reported that someone within the highest ranks of the trump white house was being looked at in the trump-russia investigation. now
"just remember this the next time we need help from our allies and they tell us to go f*ck ourselves.donald trump has been on a whirlwind foreign trip in which he has been embarrassing the red
 investigations (details)"
"the investigation into possible collusion between donald trump s campaign and russia in an effort to fix the 2016 election took a dark turn for the white house when it was revealed that now-former fbi director james comey kept meticulous memos on significant conversations   particularly those he had with trump and top white house officials. it seems that comey was uneasy with trump
"donald trump met with the other members of nato and it did not go well. from the moment he arrived
"the legal mind behind the bush administration s illegal wiretapping
"obeying the law can be such a pain in the ass
"the montana republican running for a congressional seat against a formidable democratic opponent in a crucial special election just bodyslammed a journalist. in front of a bunch of other journalists. and a bunch of stunned bystanders. and a crowd of his own campaign volunteers and aides. the incident was so violent that the police were called.guardian reporter ben jacobs says he was slammed to the ground by republican greg gianforte so hard that the impact broke his glasses.greg gianforte just body slammed me and broke my glasses  ben jacobs (@bencjacobs) may 24
"for a man who has spent his entire life fat-shaming women
"late night television icon david letterman gave a scathing review of donald trump s time in the white house. according to the comedian
"donald trump s visit to israel had a stop at yad vashem
 all to try and blame obama (details)"
"conservatives have suggested repeatedly that if former president barack obama clicked his heels together three times while saying the words  radical islamic terrorism  then terror attacks would never happen again. ever. during former reality show star donald trump s speech in saudi arabia
"last week
"sean hannity
 doesn’t know he’s in the middle east (video)"
"oil leaks that pose catastrophic risks to the environment
"it appears that trump tried everything he could think of to discredit the fbi s investigation into whether his campaign colluded with russia prior to the nov. 8 election. after james comey testified before congress that the fbi was
"it s no secret that donald trump s second-in-command
"donald trump hires all the best people
"john burton
 refuse to produce documents"
"on monday
"last night buzzfeed reported that a massive document full of the names and addresses of people who signed an anti-fascist petition was being actively circulated by members of the alt-right (read: white supremacists) for the purposes of stalking and harassment. members of 4chan s notoriously disgusting /pol/ board were caught passing the information back and forth in a private chat server which has been infiltrated by reporters. the document contains information taken from the website refusefascism.org who circulated the petition among its members after white supremacist richard spencer was knocked out during a television interview. the alt-right at large has a long history of attacking people who disagree with their white nationalist ideology. they ve been implicated in harassment campaigns
 confirming source is israeli on international television (video)"
"a passenger wearing a  make america great again  hat in support of alleged president donald trump became disruptive on a flight from shanghai to newark
"the new york times reported that foreign leaders in israel
"throughout the presidential campaign and beyond
"over the weekend
"conspiracy-loving conservatives are once again all over last summer s murder of seth rich
"after months of mocking hillary clinton s stamina because she dared catch pneumonia during the presidential campaign
 refuses to release guiliani memo proving intent to ban muslims"
"the good news: trump slowly read through his prepared remarks in front of a room full of world leaders and didn t throw up on himself or start a war. the bad news: he accidentally slipped in something he deliberately tried not to. now his aides are saying the president is just really tired.cnn s jim acosta noticed that trump deviated from his prepared remarks to say the phrase  islamic terror.  his advisors had urged him to stick with  islamist extremism  because it denotes that the groups committing acts of terror are using the religion of islam but do not represent it. this is a crucial point and one that middle eastern leaders
"apparently
"donald trump is a complete hypocrite.just a day after curtsying to the saudi arabian king after repeatedly whining about president obama bowing
"while vice-president mike pence gave a commencement speech sunday at the university of notre dame in indiana where he was the bigoted governor before joining team trump
"democrats are reportedly furious at deputy attorney general rod rosenstein after a classified
"congressman al green (d-texas) thinks
" i think that maybe i wouldn t be here if it wasn t for twitter
"amateur president donald trump s repeated attacks on former fbi james comey
"cnn s anderson cooper has pretty much had it with trump surrogates. last week
 trump just…curtsied??? (video)"
 trump immediately gives saudi hosts an insulting ‘middle finger’ gesture"
"the amount of corruption we have seen in donald trump s rise and presidency has been alarming
 doesn’t want to add him to hall of presidents"
"by now
"while donald trump is on a whirlwind world tour
"this weekend
"the investigation into donald trump and his associates  possible collusion with the russian government to fix the 2016 presidential election is moving at lightening speed now. with trump s openly admitting that he fired fbi director james comey due to the russia investigation   hell
 terrified of what’s coming next"
"donald trump s ever-changing story of why he fired former fbi director james comey amid an active investigation into the former reality show star s campaign for possible collusion with russia was just smashed to bits.deputy attorney general rod rosenstein on friday defended the memo he wrote to trump
"in a meeting trump held with two russian officials at the behest of russian president vladimir putin
"we all know the feeling of dread that takes over when you see someone in public that you would really rather avoid. that frantic moment when you look around for somewhere
"the latest in a seemingly unending torrent of scandals and toxicity coming from fox news
" republicans on the federal communications commission have net neutrality in their sites again. this time
 says special counsel “hurts our country terribly”"
"about 163 trump scandals ago
 denies telling comey to leave flynn alone (video)"
"according to senate intelligence committee chairman richard burr (r-n.c.)
"in yet another example of trump s inability to maintain even a slight bit of tact while representing america s interests overseas
"this morning president trump called for a meeting of his inner circle in order to figure out how to respond to yesterday s news that a special prosecutor has been appointed by the fbi.reportedly
"earlier this year
"word has gone out through the white house that anyone caught speaking with reporters is as good as gone
"it has been reported that embattled former fox news ceo roger ailes passed away this morning at his home in palm beach
"the last two weeks of donald trump s presidency have been riddled with bombshell after bombshell over his russia scandal
"with new revelations of trump aides making undisclosed contacts with russia screaming across headlines today amid the mountain of scandals facing the alleged president
"children
"tony schwartz is a man who knows donald trump well. he spent nearly two years glued to trump s side as they wrote trump s famous book
"in a day filled with breaking news stories
"the story of a slain dnc staffer complicates as an ex-detective claims there is new evidence behind his murder. on monday
"the department of justice announced on wednesday that former fbi director robert mueller has been named as special counsel for the investigation into donald trump s likely collusion with russia. after a week that has rocked washington to the core and left the white house in utter chaos
 makes another disgusting joke that will ruin his presidency (video)"
"house majority leader kevin mccarthy   one of trump s strongest allies in congress   divulged a hugely explosive statement during a closed-door conversation on capitol hill with gop leader buddies: he thinks trump receives payments from vladimir putin.the washington post reported wednesday that mccarthy (r-calif.) said
 trump furious"
"former mexican president vicente fox has never been a fan of donald trump. during the 2016 presidential campaign
"amateur president donald trump used his commencement speech at the u.s. coast guard academy on wednesday to make the day all about him. trump did not address the scandals which have inundated the white house directly
"with the advent of print on demand and e-readers
"when news broke that ivanka trump would be getting her very own office in the west wing many assumed she would receive some sort of job to go along with it. instead
 available only at trump’s request"
"politico congressional reporter rachael bade started a twitter war with congressman darrell issa yesterday
"old dominion university
"trump can t handle the truth
 he ran away (video)"
"if anybody knows when a president is qualified for impeachment
"this past week the world has been hit with many newsworthy stories from the white house that all contain one common theme: russia. from trump sharing classified information with russian government diplomats to the fallout of the fbi director james comey firing over the investigation of russian election interference
"fox news personalities and trump surrogates seem to be desperate to do anything to take attention away from the fact that we ve got a treasonous bastard in the white house. sean hannity
"the trump administration is in a tailspin after fired fbi director james comey revealed that donald trump had pressured him to drop the investigation into his campaign s collusion with russia   and he has the paper trail to prove it. not surprisingly
"trump s ignorance
"comedian dave chappelle
 attack press in the most abhorrent way"
"minutes after news broke that donald trump had asked james comey to drop his investigation into michael flynn   and that comey had kept documentation of that meeting unbeknownst to trump   trump s never-ending campaign arm shot out an email asking his supporters to send him money. the grifting never stops.in the email
” says israeli intelligence official in wake of trump revelation"
"conservatives thought an unpredictable president would be a good idea
"conservative pundit erik erikson is weighing in on donald trump s decision to blab highly classified information to the russians during a closed-door meeting at the white house and he is vouching for at least one of the sources.in a blog post on his website
 claims he “wasn’t aware” of intel source or methods (video)"
"last night
 claims she’s already in talks to take over his job"
"keith olbermann just fired an angry tweet at donald trump that will almost certainly leave him seething in fury.last week
 demands accountability"
"on tuesday
"donald trump is a small child in a 70-year-old man s body who somehow managed to get elected president of the united states. it seems that world leaders are aware of this
"it seems only natural that donald trump
 now farmworkers are getting sick"
 livetweet meltdown"
"whoa. the day after he fired now-former fbi director james comey
 demands he ‘be charged’ (details)"
"ivanka trump really should stop talking about these issues if she is going to continue to be complicit in her daddy s administration.despite the fact that her dad s policies hurt women and children
"this morning our commander-in-chief wished happy mother s day to  all of the great mothers out there
"donald trump s number one fan still believes in him but her support is beginning to waver.ann coulter really thought trump was the right candidate to take over the presidency. after all
 says you’re just jealous of how hot she is"
"a recent opinion poll carried out by nbc news/wall street journal showed that 78 percent of americans
"donald trump has been throwing around the false claim that former director of national intelligence james clapper said that there was  no evidence  of collusion between him and his campaign and russia recently
"the hosts of fox & friends just got their asses handed to them by one of their own colleagues for protecting donald trump so much.for months
"in a scene reminiscent of a horrifying kkk rally
"following a pattern of handing jobs to the wives of his best friends
"amateur president donald trump sent out a threatening tweet targeting former fbi director james comey and it s backfiring. trump tweeted
 muslims
"with nothing else important going on in the world
"everyone knows that donald trump absolutely hates melissa mccarthy s portrayal of white house press secretary sean spicer. well
"the u.s. environmental protection agency gave the go-ahead on friday for a massive copper and gold mining operation to seek permits to mine the headwaters of an obama-era protected world-class fishery in southwest alaska.after an agreement through a court settlement
"saturday night live has been mocking donald trump mercilessly week after week. but tonight
"trump s long record of tweet-before-think action has gotten him into some hot water in the past
"former fbi director james comey is
"we re wondering if sen. lindsey graham (r) is ok. he just doesn t seem to be himself lately. the south carolina republican was so fiercely critical of alleged president donald trump
"desperate to look better in the public eye after the media frenzy surrounding the firing of james comey
"donald trump has had what is arguably the most bizarre week in the history of the american presidency. he has careened from outrage to outrage
"if there s one democrat that donald trump is scared sh*tless of
"the usda
"when former fbi director james comey refused to testify before congress in a closed session
"donald trump may spend his time furiously tweeting that the russia investigation   the one over which he fired fbi director james comey after he requested additional resources   is fake news
 it’s about parenting!’"
 wonders ‘who’s in charge of this country?’ (video)"
"linguistics professor and political commentator noam chomsky has come out with a shocking statement about the republican party. we ve all known that republicans are pretty much the scum of the earth today
"siding with trump s attorney general jeff sessions and trump s spokesperson
"the current occupant of the white house took to his twitter account on friday to issue a threat to former fbi director james comey. according to  white house press secretary sean spicer
"james fallows has been a journalist since 1972 and he covered the watergate scandal so he knows what he s talking about.and when fallows says that donald trump s ongoing and ever-growing russia scandal is worse than watergate
"remember when republicans were told to stop talking about rape because they were repeatedly sticking their foot in their mouths? well
"the first reason the white house gave for president donald trump s firing of former fbi director james comey was that the president had received a recommendation from deputy attorney general rod rosenstein. this excuse was bolstered by the memo rosentein had given that was critical of comey
"president donald trump likes to call most of the press  fake  so when the white house is called disorganized or unprofessional
"president donald trump may be known for his catchphrase of  you re fired!  on the reality-tv series the apprentice
"it was the tweet that blew up the internet:breaking: trump lawyer: tax returns from past 10 years show no ""income of any type from russian sources
"during yet another twitter fit on friday morning
 internet drags him (tweets)"
 so colbert shoved a boot up his trumphole (video)"
 brags he could win election ‘by a lot more’ now (video)"
 forces him to cancel visit"
"donald trump has some very scary authoritarian instincts. he regularly makes it his mission to discredit and attack the free press
"agents within the fbi are worried that president donald trump may succeed in killing the probe into his campaign s ties to russia. the daily beast is reporting on what has happened at the fbi since james comey was fired on tuesday. they say that agents who are working on the investigation fear they will be transferred to other departments and that their work will be discontinued. comey
"president donald trump told his account of a private dinner he had with james comey to lester holt but now it appears a lot more happened that he didn t mention and a lot of what he said went on
"north korea is now vowing to  mercilessly wipe them out  while seeking extradition for those responsible for allegedly plotting to kill kim jong-un last week.the vice foreign minister han song-ryol repeated the charge in a meeting on thursday with foreign envoys in pyongyang
"keith olbermann has been speaking out against donald trump for months via his show on gq
"prior to the nov. 8 election
"on wednesday
"hey
"while the republican party rants on and on about non-existent voter fraud
"have you ever wondered where a phrase started? how about the phrase  prime the pump?  it is widely considered to mean the use of government money to get a project going. while it dates back to the 1800s
"donald trump s decision to choose russian state media over american journalists has drawn the ire of the ladies on  the view. on wednesday
 security problems"
"in what may go down in history as one of the greatest fatal mistakes any president has ever made
 says russian probe will continue"
 gives them a tongue lashing they’ll never forget (video)"
"by generous accounts trump is facing a scandal as inflammatory as watergate. by less than generous accounts
"for many people
"white house counselor kellyanne conway is offended because cnn s anderson cooper rolled his eyes during an interview with her. who are the snowflakes again? during an interview on wednesday conway thought cooper was being a big ol  meanie over trump s bizarre timing in firing fbi director james comey.cooper had had it with her lies. he eventually just rolled his eyes and that moment circulated around the internet and gifs were made. conway has
"trump just can t get anything off the ground for his failing presidency. every time his approval numbers start to inch up
"things just keep getting stranger for republicans in washington. more and more republicans are coming out and calling the recent firing of former fbi director james comey a massive abuse of power. with senator majority mitch mcconnell (r-ky) and house speaker paul ryan (r-wi) both clearly unwilling to challenge president donald j. trump
"just when you think you re starting to figure out what happened with james comey getting fired from the fbi
"it s interesting that donald trump
"by now
"days after testifying in front of congress and after requesting more resources for the russian investigation
"democrats are taking action to keep donald trump away from documents related to the investigation of his possible collusion with russia to steal the presidential election. following the firing of fbi director james comey
"u.s. secretary of education betsy devos tried to give a speech at the graduation ceremony of a historically black university
"a las vegas high school student was caught on camera calling an african-american classmate a  f*cking n*gger  in a shockingly racist rant that went viral after someone on her school bus filmed the incident and posted it online.not much is known about the incident yet
 bars american media from the room"
"donald trump thanked outgoing fbi director james comey for informing me
 f*cks up and admits he should be impeached (video)"
"cnn host anderson cooper s reactions to kellyanne conway throughout this interview are priceless.after firing fbi director james comey on tuesday
"on tuesday
 really weird"
"brave white house press secretary sean spicer had an odd appropriate reaction after his boss abruptly fired the man who was leading an investigation into his administration s ties to russia. spicer had just finished a brief interview with fox business from the white house grounds late tuesday night then he took cover in the bushes to avoid questions
"siding with trump s attorney general jeff sessions and trump s spokesperson
"like many other comedians
"everyone is rightfully stunned and outraged that donald trump decided to inexplicably fire the man who was investigating his 2016 presidential campaign s ties to russia
"as if firing fbi director james comey wasn t stupid enough
"as everybody who still believes in democracy and true freedom reels from fbi director james comey s firing
"trump is famous for his  you re fired  catchphrase
 trump advisers into responding to blatantly obvious email hack attempt"
"sen. elizabeth warren (d-mass.) has been the object of some serious concern in the white house due to her potential as a 2020 presidential challenger
"those who know anything about nixon know this story: minutes after trump s white house fired fbi director james comey
"the investigation into possible collusion between donald trump s 2016 presidential campaign and russia is heating up. on monday
"following sally yates  testimony yesterday
"trump s emotionally unbalanced social media director and close friend dan scavino had what can only be described as a mental break and is now threatening to publish a video of the private concession call she placed to trump (and appears to have been answered by kellyanne conway).to do so would be not only a major ethical violation but would break with the long-standing tradition of the winners showing an ounce of graciousness towards their opponents. trump and his team apparently have no qualms with stooping this low. if there is a point of indignity even they will not cross
"the americal civil liberties union (aclu) issued a shocking warning on tuesday: thanks to the xenophobia of donald trump and his republican cronies
"it seems that donald trump s spiritual advisor is exactly as ethical as he is. paula white
"handwriting experts have noticed something very strange about melania trump s signature   it look almost exactly like her husband s angular sharpie .it was first noticed after melania sent a personal thank you note to actress and animal rights activist pamela anderson
"president obama took a trip to milan
" trump administration is keeping good on its promise to all but destroy u.s. environmental policy this week. the new york times reports that trump s epa has let go of at least five scientific review board members
"on monday
"remember when trump said that we were done with nafta
"donald trump spent monday pretty much just making an ass of himself on twitter. after he attempted to intimidate sally yates and tweeted numerous lies about the hearing later in the day
"the majority of america has already noticed   and figured it out a long time ago   that donald trump doesn t have a measured
"former secretary of state condoleezza rice sat down for an interview on sunday and had a few words to say about the birth of america
 and everyone is laughing at him (tweets)"
"the right is up in arms. no
"during testimony in front of the senate intelligence committee on monday
 but trump thought he was joking"
"sally yates  testimony before a congressional committee on the events leading up to trump s disgraced former national security adviser michael flynn  resigning  and her own firing for speaking out against him had always promised to contain some explosive revelations. and it didn t take long for the match to be lit.early into yates  appearance in front of the committee
"trump s latest attempt to pass blame for his own mistakes onto others is backfiring in spectacular fashion. like a broken record
"donald trump kicked off his week with a ridiculous attack on former acting attorney general sally yates.yates
"last year
"the world is eagerly awaiting the testimony of former acting attorney general sally yates regarding the trump/russia connection. of course
"senate majority leader mitch mcconnell (r-ky) announced who he has selected to take on crafting the senate version of the house-passed american health care act (ahca)
"all over the western world
"how is the wicked witch of the white house still allowed to talk on television?when house republicans passed their trumpcare bill on thursday
"this week s cold open for saturday night live featured a parody of the morning show
"politicians are all about photo-ops. this is especially true of high-ranking
"by now
"montel williams
"if you were not ready to give thought to anything other than politics
 stephen colbert gave us a futuristic view of trump’s presidency; he wasn’t far off (video)"
"seth meyers takes his  a closer look  segment to destroy president donald trump and his press secretary sean spicer. meyers found more examples of stupidity on behalf of the white house
"ellen degeneres
 america responds perfectly"
"on monday night
 fails miserably (video)"
"it can easily be said that donald trump is a few sandwiches short of a picnic
"now we know the real reason why republicans oppose universal healthcare.donald trump s army secretary nominee mark green is a tennessee state senator who thinks healthcare is an obstacle that prevents churches from converting people to christianity.apparently
"the current occupant of the white house is occupying a golf course again
"a little over 100 days into america s experiment in dystopian rule took a predictably sad turn: the trump administration
 and new yorkers told him to get f*cked (images/video)"
"generations upon generations of incest have apparently caused the gerbils operating the brain of alaska state representative david eastman to go on strike. as house republicans are directly attacking the american people with their new  trumpcare  plan
"house republicans managed to pass their healthcare bill on thursday
"hours after helping begin to repeal america s universal health care system
"house republicans voted on thursday to rip healthcare away from millions of americans. among those who are slamming the gop for this despicable act are doctors
"the depths of republican cruelty is on full display this week after the house passed the disastrous unread/unscored bill that we will forever call trumpcare. it seems though
"if someone had said just four months ago that our relationship with australia would suddenly become precarious
 hey hey hey
"ever since donald trump won the election (unfairly
"republicans haven t read their own bill














"massachusetts rep. jim mcgovern brought the house down with a scathing rebuke of the pathetic republican healthcare bill on tuesday.he began by pointing out that the bill destroys all of the good things that the affordable care act provides
"for the last ten years
"our white house is currently occupied by someone who s likely certifiably insane
"if you didn t know that housing and urban development secretary ben carson was once a neurosurgeon
"fbi director james comey said during a senate judiciary committee oversight hearing that he was looking into whether agents at the bureau leaked sensitive information to reporters or public figures
"according to donald trump
"today
"there has long been speculation that melania trump cannot stand her husband. after all
"former gop congressman joe walsh (r-ill) has always been an asshole. his twitter feed is full of damn near sociopathic rants
"jared kushner is an orthodox jew working in a white house surrounded by neo-nazis
"former secretary of state madeleine albright weighed in on donald trump s remarks about what a brilliant leader he thinks kim jong un is
"oh
 then one of them shouts ‘america!’ (video)"
"frederick douglass and andrew jackson will be very disappointed in donald trump when they learn he fibbed a teensy bit about a civil war battle he says happened on one of his golf courses. according to a plaque   yes
"donald trump s self-congratulatory ad to celebrate his first 100 days in the white house is gross enough to make you want to shudder and vomit. it s full of trump s  accomplishments  (there aren t many) and portray trump in a light that is clearly not in line with his true character and behavior.if you ve been fortunate enough not to see this ad yet
"donald trump s andrew jackson-civil war debacle just continues to get worse and worse.yesterday
"when you insult cbs
"just yesterday
"in an interview with washington examiner reporter salena zito
"with trump in the white house
"white house press secretary sean spicer literally denied the meaning of alleged president donald trump s words during a briefing on monday. the former reality show star gave a bizarre interview earlier on monday on cbs  face the nation from the oval office in which trump once again
"the office of government ethics has said that ivanka trump must file financial disclosure forms
 it immediately blows up in his face (tweet)"
 ends interview in the most cowardly way (video)"
 right-wing ‘feminist’ ivanka silent"
"this should concern every single american.in january 2016
 ends interview when reporter asks him to prove obama wiretap accusation (video)"
"white house chief of staff reince priebus said on sunday that donald trump and the swamp monsters in his administration have  looked at  how they can change the constitution so that he can sue the press. because f*ck the first amendment.during an interview on abc s this week
"anyone who has been to grade school is fully aware that andrew jackson died before a certain bloody conflict in which southerners fought their countrymen (former countrymen if you consider the confederacy to be legitimate like many trump supporters do) over the right to own other human beings
"neo-nazis and white supremacists gathered in pikeville
 and it may be a fox news exec"
"the trump administration explicitly requested that argentine president mauricio macri delay honoring former democratic president jimmy carter with an award. marci planned to award carter the order of the liberator general san martin
"fox news made a desperate effort to convince everyone that donald trump is having more economic success than president obama did
"ohio governor and former republican presidential candidate john kasich is the one gop elected official that is still not on the trump train. the other party loyalists have fallen in line
"donald trump treated americans who oppose him as the enemy on saturday and delivered the most divisive speech ever given by a president.rather than attend the white house correspondents  dinner
"it is no secret that president donald trump likes to call any press coverage that he does not like  fake.  this weekend he upped the ante a bit when he did an interview with john dickerson for cbs s face the nation. trump took the opportunity to bash the show to the show s host.after dickerson called trump out on some of his policy reversals over the course of the first 100 days of his presidency
"a trump supporter thought he was clever when he wrote a letter to the editor of his local paper
 blames ‘jewish lobby’ for failure to build wall"
"senate minority leader charles schumer broke things down on sunday and explained why it is that donald trump hasn t been able to accomplish squat so far.appearing on fox news sunday
"donald trump may be one of the most bitter
"last night
"donald trump isn t enjoying his time as president. in a series of interviews marking the first 100 days of his presidency
"the turkish government has blocked access to wikipedia
"the rally trump held to compete with the national correspondent s dinner in washington is off to a predictably ugly start. at least one protester has already been physically tackled by waiting police officers. nazis are mingling with the crowd. and trump is raving from the pulpit. it s the ugliest parts of the 2016 campaign all over again.trump is currently being sued for his involvement in the assault of a protester during the campaign but that didn t stop him from being similarly aggressive at this rally. according to reporters on the scene
"donald trump has a major issue with sen. elizabeth warren (d-ma). this was apparent during his entire presidential campaign
 gets stomped (tweets)"
"all week
"while most americans did not know about michael flynn s ties to turkey
"just as drug addicts and alcoholics tend to be in denial of their disease
"we on the left are all wondering why
 fox news’ o’reilly replacement invites fabio on to bash liberals (video)"
"donald the trump went to speak at the nra s annual meeting today
"if there s one person that donald trump can t stand to have criticizing him
"donald trump hasn t even been president 100 days and already some are apparently forming the idea that it s cool to post slave sale ads on craigslist.a florida high school student snapped a photo of two of his african-american classmates sitting at their desks at fleming island high school. in a post geotagged to fleming island plantation
"this has not been a good week for michael flynn. according to a letter from the defense intelligence agency (dia) to the house committee on government reform and oversight
"a student at transylvania university was injured she was attacked by a man wielding a machete. the attacker
"on his 100th day in office
 his wife defends his ‘size’"
 gets humiliated by reality"
"what did he know and when did he know it? these iconic questions are swirling around president donald trump and his former national security advisor michael flynn. with the new revelations that received money from both the russian and turkish governments
"late night host seth meyers regularly has a high old time making fun of the incompetence of donald trump and his administration during his  a closer look  monologues. on thursday night
"alex jones of the conspiracy theory website infowars has made a literal career of spreading fake news and acting like a lunatic. it now seems that said career has come back to really bite him in the ass
"it seems that donald trump is often incapable of avoiding really stupid
 heineken gets theirs exactly right (video)"
 admits gop’s trumpcare bill is a massive failure (video)"
"with questions mounting
"remember when bill o reilly took a vacation after his sexual harassment payoffs went public? well
"donald trump is quickly closing in on his first 100 days in office
"donald trump and the republican congress are busy trying to shred healthcare for the rest of us
 “this s***’s hard” as the trump administration faces steep learning curve"
"the long running cartoon
"the internet can be a vicious place and an openly gay lawmaker has gotten used to being the recipient of homophobic slurs. on wednesday morning
"recently
"donald trump is reportedly considering an executive order that would pull the united states out of the north american free trade agreement (nafta) unless they are willing to renegotiate with him for a better deal.this is what trump had to say about nafta during his recent word salad of an interview with the associated press earlier this week.ap: what about nafta? what s the plan on nafta?trump: what would you like to know?ap: i would like to know what your plan is in terms of renegotiating.trump: i am very upset with nafta. i think nafta has been a catastrophic trade deal for the united states
 trump threatens revenge in pure dictator style"
"out of all the ridiculous
"president donald trump has made one thing clear
 he doesn’t respond well at all"
"republicans have apparently reached a new level of desperation to clear donald trump of all wrongdoing in his russia scandal.donald trump chose michael flynn to work on his campaign. donald trump chose michael flynn to be his national security adviser. donald trump ignored the warnings about michael flynn. but somehow
"if hillary clinton were in the white house and she hired her daughter
"erin moran s family just declared war on scott baio and he s whining like a little bitch about it.in the wake of former  happy days  star erin moran s passing
 considers running for office"
"the day after a federal judge in san francisco blocked part of alleged president donald trump s executive order threatening  sanctuary cities  with losing federal funds if they do not comply with requests from immigration enforcement agents
"it would seem that the democrats  talking point
"if you have a pre-existing condition
"during the 2016 presidential campaign
 claims trump isn’t responsible for hiring flynn (video)"
 confirms his own incompetency (details)"
"while it may not come as much of a surprise that the leadership at the national rifle association (nra) has a different opinion on gun control than the average american
"it s not just canada that donald trump seems to be starting unnecessary battles with today
"it can easily be said that donald trump doesn t have a clue what he is doing. he hears things in clips and talking points
"reps. jason chaffetz (r-ut) and elijah cummings (d-md) dropped a bombshell on tuesday morning. during a press conference
"donald trump recently said that grading his first 100 days is a ridiculous standard
 the losses just keep coming"
"it s no secret that the rest of the world is appalled and incensed that america elected a bumbling
"as trump s first 100 days in office come to a close
 gives corrupt gop legislature a massive f-you (details)"
"on saturday
"donald trump has just been screwed over by members of his own party
"how bad is trump for the gop? it seems he s worse than many would have guessed. as his 100th day in office approaches
"it s become more than obvious that donald trump has absolutely no filter when he speaks. he says exactly what is on his mind
"poverty is a moral failure
"visitors to several government websites may notice that there is an article popping up highlighting mar-a-lago   which is odd because mar-a-lago isn t government property
"donald trump and the republicans are about to prove once and for all that they are incapable of governing.despite having control of congress and the white house
"donald trump is still delusional and twitter users were quick to remind him of who lost the popular vote in november.it s been almost six months since the 2016 election concluded in november
"one twitter user it put it this way: thanks to his love of social media
"during a sit down with trump voters
"landowners in nebraska are understandably upset about the trump administration greenlighting keystone xl because it will run near or through their lands
"the biggest threat to the oligarchy is for the  little guy  to have a voice
"white house press secretary sean spicer is a trainwreck. after all
"in the late 20th century
"we all remember the absolutely disastrous visit donald trump had with german chancellor angela merkel. he infamously made her look at him like he had lost his mind when joked about her allegedly being wiretapped by the obama administration while he was busy trying to defend his own false claims that obama wiretapped trump tower
"donald trump s media mouthpiece
"wow. the cruelty of republicans knows no bounds.apparently
"even though amateur president donald trump will likely reach the 100-day mark of his alleged presidency with no notable legislation while his contract  with the american voter  still sits on his website
 trump proves how incredibly ignorant he is about the world (details)"
"it s time for sean hannity to join bill o reilly in the unemployment line.on saturday
"donald trump is himself
"donald trump decided that he would exploit a wounded vet to make himself look good
"donald trump is really excited about all the nothing he s accomplished in his first 100 days in office. so
"karma just kicked donald trump s door down.as you ll recall
"mccarthyism has returned.donald trump is literally letting a white nationalist publication dictate personnel decisions in his administration.sahar nowrouzzadeh is an american citizen of iranian descent. she is an expert on iran and has played a crucial role in shaping u.s. policy in the middle east. she was born in america
 but she would rather protect the network than say something"
 and here’s exactly how"
 challenges passenger to fight (video)"
"donald trump is not fit to be president. most of the nation knows this. however
"neil degrasse tyson has always put science before politics
 immediately regrets it (details)"
"donald trump seems to think he can squeeze congressional democrats for border wall funding by offering them something in exchange
 shows gop who should have been potus (video)"
"it s bad enough they were even allowed to step foot in the white house.but sarah palin
"donald trump s attorney general just got schooled on the constitution.earlier this week
"late show host stephen colbert is no fan of donald trump and his administration of bigots. therefore
"alleged president donald trump doesn t want to be judged by his first 100 days in office even though it became a tradition after franklin d. roosevelt s first few months after taking the oath. but really
"is the donald really this oblivious to the entire world? and history? and
 prime minister trudeau shows him how an adult acts"
 americans now prefer obamacare over entire republican party (image)"
 might leave before his term is up (details)"
"trump s attorney general jeff sessions is as furious as trump is over the blocking of an executive order that would have denied muslims entry into the united states. rather than reassess their own morality
 kid rock and ted nugent visited the white house; they were as white trash as you’d think"
"the current occupant of the white house has finally accomplished something for his first 100 days in office; he s considered by american voters to be worse than the country s most hated airline. united just can t stay out of the news. in late march
"during watergate
" build the wall! build the wall!  supposedly nobody builds better walls than donald trump
"it s no secret that donald trump has deep insecurities about his job performance compared to his predecessor. making matters worse
 russia stole our election and now officials have definitive proof"
 and gets brutally humiliated with math"
"by now
"for decades
"at least elizabeth warren isn t a quitter like sarah palin.after all
"rep. jason chaffetz (r-utah) has been a thorn in the side of democrats ever since hillary clinton was secretary of state. he blamed her for many things that clearly were beyond her control
 it wasn’t strategy
"remember that explosive russian dossier from a few months that revealed donald trump s collusion with moscow and affinity for pee pee parties? at the time
 expertly rips trump’s ‘buy american’ policy apart (video)"
"last week
"a dying man had just one wish
"rep. maxine waters (d-ca) is the physical embodiment of the anti-trump resistance in congress. she has openly called for the orange one to be impeached on multiple occasions
"during an interview on fox  news
"this is a major ethics violation. period.in march
"donald trump has made a fine art of p*ssing off other world leaders. thanks to our fearless orange tweeter-in-chief
"welcome to the big leagues
"trump is not keeping his promises. as far as his supporters were concerned
"apparently
"republicans who backed donald trump because he was the gop nominee while knowing full well that he was incompetent now have to face the wrath of their constituents. the former reality show star is not draining the swamp; he s filling it to the brim with terrifying creatures. he s not the transparent president he promised he would be. he s up to his eyeballs in scandals
"it takes one to know one. turkey just held a referendum that greatly expands the power of their president
 and it’s magnificent"
 threatens war (video)"
"the majority of america saw this coming: trump s supporters are finally becoming extremely disappointed in the failing performance of their president of choice.thanks to a new york times profile of trump supporters in pennsylvania
"as we all know
"trump s hastily organized white house easter egg roll went from bad to worse after he almost managed to botch the national anthem on camera.after avoiding the children s event on the white house lawn for several hours so he could finish watching fox and friends (yes
 trump throws hat into crowd (video)"
"trump s loyalty to vladimir putin is being tested like never before. on one hand the donald really wants a war with north korea. on the other
"as we all know
"not too long after taking office
"trump was supposed to be a non-interventionist
 cries like a baby (video)"
"apparently
"joe biden once again demonstrated why the american people love him so much.during her confirmation hearing
"rather than just wish america a happy easter and move on
"in case you were unaware
"saturday night live is back with new episodes
"of course
"leave it to sarah palin to get a hate-boner after our resident manchurian couch potato dropped the  mother of all bombs  on isis. the moab cost $16 million (enough to completely take care of countless underprivileged families from whom trump is stripping social programs and healthcare) and cost a whopping $300 million to develop. while some have called trump  presidential  for learning that stupid people like big explosions
 blocks people who mock him"
"we all remember how
"donald trump might want to stop creating public polls  it s never going to end well for him as he is the most hated potus in history.it s no secret that even before trump stepped foot in the white house
"with every new detail revealing itself about donald trump s administration
"america does not have a king. america is not a monarchy. but donald trump apparently thinks otherwise and the american people are not happy about it.when president obama visited england for the first time
"donald trump is already running for re-election
"donald trump is a hypocrite and even conservative outdoor groups know it.america s greatest and most enduring treasure is its national parks. conservation of these lands started under republican president theodore roosevelt and has continued to this day as every president has created new national parks to preserve natural wonders for future generations to enjoy and appreciate.but donald trump is on a mission to destroy everything that is good in this country and one of his targets are the very national parks that millions of americans visit every year.trump s 2018 budget slashes funding for the interior department
’ and i could watch it all day (video)"
 organize parade during visit"
"a local news station in boston has had it with the fox brand damaging their own reputation. wfxt channel 25 is going to change the name of its newscast to boston 25 news removing  fox  entirely following a drop in its ratings and a study that showed their audience saw the newscast as  leaning conservative. fox news itself has some ridiculous shows
"donald trump s daughter posted a hypocritical tweet in support of libraries. and librarians threw the book at her.it s national library week
 and he just brought us one step closer to nuclear war"
"on thursday
 shreds his denial of global warming (video)"
"the democratic wave has commenced.in 2010
"while donald trump is desperately trying to get the respect
"this past january we all witnessed one of the largest
"after white house press secretary sean spicer decided he would say adolf hitler wasn t as bad as syrian president assad
"a few years ago
 and it doesn’t actually start in the middle east"
"donald trump s son-in-law and senior advisor
 and what he has to say now should terrify republicans"
"at this point in donald trump s pathetic
"donald trump s undeserved time in the white house may soon come to a gloriously relieving end as one of his biggest scandals threatens to blow up in his face.according to a source close to the investigation examining the ties between russia and the trump campaign
 jr.; he quickly regretted it (video)"
"there are big scandals   like trump s ties to russia
"rep. markwayne mullin (r-okla.) held a town hall earlier this week and it did not go well for him. the republican congressman told his constituents that taxpayers don t pay his salary and saying otherwise is  bullcrap. you say you pay for me to do this? that s bullcrap
"on wednesday
"sen. bernie sanders says that he doesn t think it s likely that donald trump will be reelected to a second term now that the american people have had a chance to see what he s really about. speaking in new york
"everyone knows by now just how fast and loose kellyanne conway is with her words. she pioneered  alternative facts.  she claimed that the u.s. had never gone as long without a treasury secretary as we did with trump. she made up an entire terrorist attack. she said that microwaves turn into cameras. and somehow
"whitewashing hitler and the holocaust seems to be all the rage among today s republicans. there was the time when the white house remembered the holocaust on holocaust remembrance day
"trump s syrian policy is all over the place
"donald trump s former campaign chairman
"if you haven t heard
"in an interview with fox business that aired tuesday
"trump
 trump terrified"
"the new york daily news is not known for subtlety when it comes to its covers. the snarky newspaper pulled no punches when it came to using its cover to go after white house press secretary sean spicer for calling concentration camps  holocaust centers  and invoking nazi butcher adolf hitler when talking about syrian dictator bashar al-assad. wednesday morning s cover reads: nazis murdered 2.7 million jews
"white house secretary sean spicer decided to rewrite history on tuesday
"there have been weeks of reports that white house chief strategist stephen k. bannon and senior adviser and trump son-in-law jared kushner have been at each other s throats. reportedly
"remember the house intelligence committee s investigation into the trump-russia connection
"just when you thought you ve heard the ultimate insult being hurled at sean spicer for being donald trump s fall guy and practically the dumbest person on the planet
"sean spicer s is having a very
"it s gotten to the point where if donald trump doesn t fire sean spicer for his egregious remarks about the holocaust
"the trump administration is working as hard as it can to fulfill its promise of cracking down on illegal immigration
"it s no secret that a large percentage of the trump administration thinks the holocaust didn t happen (or
000s of little children"
"sean spicer s time as press secretary has been a particularly humiliating one. each time he goes up to the podium
"united airlines is in an economic and pulic relations tailspin after they were caught on tape brutally dragging a passenger from a plane after he refused to leave. the man
"eric trump sat down with the telegraph and things quickly went off the rails. eric  for years seen as the dumb one    blundered his way through the interview with such lack of self-awareness that he wound up revealing a bunch of stuff he shouldn t have. but there is one tone-deaf comment that eric trump made that you ll want to keep in the back of your mind throughout the rest of this story. when asked about his father s desire to make the white house a trump family affair
"senator bernie sanders is the most popular senator in the united states and a new poll proves it. the latest morning consult poll to come out has found that
"we ve been abuzz all day about a doctor who was forcibly removed from a united airlines flight at chicago s o hare international airport. chicago department of aviation police yanked him out of his seat so hard his face hit the armrest and he ended up in the hospital. most people who have any kind of a conscience are outraged
"video of a passenger being violently dragged from a united airlines flight has gone viral
 contradicts trump administration with insane statement on russia (video)"
"at this point in trump s disastrous presidency
 gop in chaos"
 billionaire betsy devos demands extra expensive security"
"the winners of the 2017 pulitzer prize have been announced and this year s theme was all about exposing trump.of particular note was the prize for national reporting going to david a. fahrenthold of the washington post
"let s face it
 and trump is shaking in his boots"
"donald trump is being sued   again. three organizations have joined together to file suit against mango mussolini for his refusal to make white house visitor logs public.the national security archive
"congressman steve king (r-ia) is pretty much the most openly racist person sitting in congress. he recently came under fire for tweeting openly white supremacist sentiments about  western civilization  and not being able to restore it with  somebody else s babies.  here is that awful tweet:wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. we can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies.   steve king (@stevekingia) march 12
"when people talk about the threat that donald trump poses to the u.s.
"if things keep going as they are
"this past week was the annual women in the world summit. it s a place that celebrates women who have a voice
"richard spencer
"trump s weekend trips to mar-a-lago and his nearby golf course have repeatedly been met with crowds of protesters. just yesterday
"we all love seeing alec baldwin portray donald trump on saturday night live
"anyone who knows anything about the separation of powers understands that a president cannot just unilaterally take military action. he needs approval from congress to execute an act of war. however
 and it was beautiful (video)"
"sean penn is not exactly one to mince words
"paul ryan is all over twitter chanting  repeal and replace
 because reasons"
"sometimes you just need to let people talk and they ll eventually say what you have been saying the whole time. albeit
"trump s war on  leakers  who make him look bad by exposing his lies is about to escalate. on saturday
"while on the campaign trail in 2016
"there are only three things for certain in this world: death
 rips media for calling act ‘presidential’"
"the new york times recently published a bombshell story about the culture of sexual harassment at fox news
"a federal judge just proudly gave jeff sessions the middle finger by approving baltimore s police reforms even after the attorney general had voiced his opposition.the justice department began investigating the baltimore police department in 2014 after news reports that they had paid out millions to settle upwards of 100 lawsuits over police brutality and misconduct. following the death of freddie gray in 2015
"donald trump decided to bomb syria on wednesday in response to a chemical attack on the syrian people. watching the new reports
"it can easily be said that donald trump has absolutely no idea what he is doing in regards to policy both domestic and foreign. he s a blundering fool who belongs nowhere near the oval office
"the syrian air base trump spent $80 million bombing yesterday is reportedly back in business. it s been less than 24 hours.according to syrian human rights observers
"in case you just woke up
"while many have been baffled and upset by donald trump s reckless decision to attack syria (without congressional approval)
"donald trump s bromance with vladimir putin seems to be going the way of most middle school  relationships.  though the russian dictator was perfectly happy to employ a team of hackers to dig into the donald s opponents at his request and propagandists to spread fake stories about his opponents
"for months now people close to trump have been privately saying the president is consumed by a seething jealousy of his predecessor
"a u.s. official said that the russians were warned before the u.s. launched at least 59 tomahawk missiles aimed at syria at donald trump s orders
 and twitter has the perfect response (tweets)"
"by now
"we already knew that russia wanted donald trump to be president and interfered with the election
"a former saturday night live cast member has just spilled the beans about one of donald trump s secrets.taran killam
"with devin nunes  recusal from the house intelligence committee s russia investigation
"you may not have noticed
 wh turning toxic quickly"
"the new leader of what can laughably be called an  investigation  into the trump team s collusion with russia to undermine our democracy makes disgraced house intelligence committee chair devin nunes look almost sane.when he recused himself (temporarily) from the investigation after he became the subject of his own congressional ethics investigation for releasing classified information in an effort to help donald trump
"buried in trump s bonkers interview with new york times reporters maggie haberman and glenn thrush is this outrageous exchange trump claims happened recently:trump: [u.s. representative] elijah cummings was in my office and he said
"donald trump just lost another minion.gop rep. devin nunes has been in trump s pocket since the election in november. he was part of trump s transition team
 administration in chaos"
"while campaigning
"there s a reason trump hates cnn
"on wednesday night s episode of late night
"we all remember the uproar over at fox news a few years back when the idea of a black santa claus came up. in fact
"while it can be said that no one is immune from punishment
’ and it is golden"
"apparently
"never shy to speak her mind
"trump promised to release his tax returns
"rep. adam schiff
"news that one of trump s closest advisor
"on march 31
 presidency crumbling (tweets)"
"months into his presidency
"pennsylvania resident kurt farmer was perfectly fine with building a wall to keep brown people out of the country
"donald trump s approval rating plummeted after his disastrous attempt to get support for his american health care act (trumpcare) crashed and burned. it was a disastrous health care bill to begin with
"if donald trump was watching the late show with stephen colbert last night he was probably screaming at the television.because when comedian louis c.k. made an appearance on the show he did not hold back when he was asked about the liar in the white house. sometimes people lie
"the fbi is doing something with its probe into russia s interference in our election that should terrify trump and anybody in his administration
"in the age of donald trump
"members of the house intelligence committee are saying that donald trump and his treasonous cronies could find themselves behind bars. two democrats on the committee said today that jail time could very likely be the outcome of the investigation into russia s interference in the 2016 election and trump s possible collusion with them.on tuesday
"one of fox news  biggest and most successful news personalities is bringing the network down in a major way.recently
"north korea has been launching  intermediate range  ballistic missiles into the sea of japan for awhile now
 and twitter gleefully shows the problem with that (tweets)"
"fox news is now probably regretting their decision to keep bill o reilly instead of megyn kelly.earlier this week
"we can t say enough bad things about rape apologist mike cernovich but donald trump jr. thinks he s awesome. cernovich is a major troll on twitter and he s also promoted the insane pizzagate conspiracy theory in which he and other right-wing nutbags allege that hillary clinton and john podesta run a child slave ring in the basement of comet ping pong in washington
"larry king has been in the radio and journalism business since 1957 and he s a longtime friend of donald trump
 gets booed after telling construction workers they voted for him (video)"
"just like her dad
"this week
"d ann loop of brownsville
"sen. richard blumenthal laid all his cards on the table when it comes to donald trump s supreme court nominee
"republicans  pledge to make sure trump s supreme court nominee goes through just hit a little bit of a snag with the disappearance of their filibuster-proof majority.on tuesday
"donald trump is not just vladimir putin s puppet anymore.when german chancellor angela merkel visited the white house
"now that donald trump is president and jeff sessions is attorney general
"republicans are desperately trying to convince everyone that what they did to merrick garland was totally normal.on sunday
"the toddler-in-chief has been busy this morning lashing out at hillary clinton
"it wasn t too long ago that donald trump deeply offended china by taking a phone call from taiwan
"donald trump s desperation to talk about something   anything   that doesn t involve russia has caused him to lose what was left of his mind
"remember when the world laughed at donald trump when he claimed that president obama put a  tapp  on his  wires  at his gigantic golden tower in new york? apparently he forgot
"investigations into russian tampering and collusion during the election were gaining steam even before trump took office
"rep. maxine waters says there s something she wants to talk about: impeachment.during a sunday afternoon interview
"another day
"donald trump will explode when he reads this.trump is a national embarrassment who never should have been allowed to run for the presidency to begin with. his antics during the campaign and after have divided the country and turned us into an laughingstock around the world.throughout his campaign
"donald trump is fuming after fox new sunday host chris wallace crushed his environmental protection agency minion on the topic of climate change.as we all know
"a tired 70-year-old man keeps forgetting to show up at his new job and instead
"on sunday morning. donald trump once again revealed how desperate he is with regard to that teensy tiny little russia thing with yet another unhinged tweet complaining about people leaking information about his team s collusion with vladimir putin.recently
"mitch mcconnell is still making ridiculous excuses to justify what senate republicans did to supreme court nominee merrick garland.when antonin scalia passed away in february 2016
"hearing about violence at trump s rallies was a regular occurrence during his 2016 campaign and that violence was often brought on by trump himself.at a rally back in march of 2016
"for republicans
"former white house photographer pete souza has spent the last eight years of his life photographing president obama and his family inside the white house. now that we re in the trump era
"democratic national committee chairman tom perez didn t mince words when he called out the gop for their appalling health care plan. their plan would have resulted in tens of millions of americans being without insurance coverage by the end of the next decade. perez made his point loud and clear when he explained that the reason republicans are okay with this plan is because they just  don t give a sh*t about people. perez made the comments at an event for the new jersey working families alliance
"on friday
"donald trump won t tell you this on his twitter feed.the last time the tourism industry in this country saw such a drop was in the decade after 9/11.and now
"his accusation that president obama wiretapped him has been thoroughly debunked but donald trump attacked nbc anchor chuck todd for not covering the fake story.last month
"by now
"rep. elijah e. cummings is demanding answers after presidential staff members reportedly passed confidential information to house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes and helped him sneak onto white house grounds.cummings
"donald trump is unwell.the beleaguered president seemed vaguely irritated and distracted in what was meant to be a routine executive order signing. after remarks by mike pence
"if there is anyone who is a thorn in the side of the donald trump administration
"a study was just released that said that conservative politicians are better looking than their liberal counterparts
"it s becoming increasingly apparent that donald trump is a man who hates his job.washington
"disgraced former national security adviser michael flynn has asked for immunity in exchange for testifying in the fbi s continuing investigation into possible ties between the trump campaign and russia and he has an answer from the senate intelligence committee. two congressional sources told nbc news that the committee declined flynn s lawyer s request.according to a senior congressional official with direct knowledge of the case
"republican lawmakers love using the bible to dictate their policies. they especially love using it to justify pushing spending cuts to social programs   even if it means intentionally misreading their favorite passages.in texas
 really bad news for trump (video)"
"last year
"much like the incompetent potus they are working under
"michael flynn drove another nail into the coffin of donald trump s presidency on thursday when he agreed to testify about russia in exchange for immunity. this prompted one member of the house intelligence committee to state the obvious:  innocent people don t ask for immunity. speaking to msnbc s chris hayes
"noam chomsky has warned us of how dangerous donald trump is since the beginning of his campaign. his prediction that trump would endanger the entire planet by ignoring climate change was confirmed this week when he signed an executive order rolling back president obama s environmental protections. now
"about eight years ago
"while the house intelligence committee s investigation into russia s interference in our political process is a mess
 trump is f*cked (details)"
 back trump on stolen scotus seat (details)"
"when devin nunes went running to trump with information that trump s transition team was caught up in surveillance
"oh. my. god. the stupid
"here s another hole in the leaky ship that is the argument trump shouldn t be taken  literally  when he makes threats. trump has circled back to his campaign promise to make changes to libel laws that would allow him to go after journalists and news organizations which publish things he doesn t like. he held out for less than three months.trump s rediscovered love of censorship comes on the heels of several straight days of trump freaking out about the new york times reporting on his various scandals. and it s probably no coincidence that trump is reconsidering press freedom right as his approval rating hits historic lows (the worst since nixon was impeached and a record low for any president at this stage in office).in a culmination of trump s rant against the new york times
"amateur president donald trump isn t concerned in the least about the rising costs associated with his regular trips to his mar-a-lago resort in palm beach
"much like donald trump himself
"mike pence is a devout evangelical christian. there s nothing wrong with that; after all
"rep. ted lieu (d-ca) is one of the loudest and most steadfast members of #theresistance in congress. he has called donald trump an  evil man  over the gop s cruel approach to healthcare
"the congressional black caucus just broke it down for house speaker paul ryan
"congress has been working on rolling back an obama-era rule that protected us from having our internet histories bought
"for some reason
"as if donald trump needs help delegitimizing his party
"donald trump likes to whine about any poll that doesn t show him in a favorable light
"mexican president enrique pe a nieto may not be too happy once he hears of interior secretary ryan zinke s plan to make that border wall thing happen. you see
"it was just this morning that donald trump once again tried to ignore his mounting failures and pump up his ego by trashing the press. taking to twitter
"donald trump pissed off the new york times
"donald trump s roll-back of actions designed to fight climate change horrified the legendary conservationist.jane goodall is famous for her longtime studies of apes and chimpanzees.during the 2016 campaign
"representative devin nunes
 and it’s about damn time"
"on wednesday
 and it is beautiful (video)"
"two anti-abortion activists are facing 15 felony charges after they secretly filmed themselves trying to buy aborted fetal tissue from planned parenthood. (in case you missed it
"trump transition team member devin nunes
"by now
 then immediately makes a mistake (video)"
"senator lindsey graham is on the attack after nunes blew the credibility of the house intel committee s investigation into collusion with russia. he appeared on nbc s  today  show this morning to tell the entire world exactly what he thinks of nunes at this point
"on tuesday
"as donald trump continues to take criticism from the press over his scandalous ties to russia
"it would appear fox news isn t even hiding their blatant racism anymore
"donald trump continues to embarrass himself in a desperate effort to prove that he s a job creator.in yet another self-serving and self-promoting post on twitter
"donald trump s head is going to explode when he sees this.back in september as the 2016 campaign raged on
"in the wake of tom koppel telling sean hannity to his face that he is bad for america
"it s trump s third month in office and the lies about president obama just keep coming.during a cnn panel to discuss trump s 13th golf vacation
"since the inauguration
"what does president cheeto mctinyhands do best when someone s about to make him look really stupid or bad or criminal? he jumps on twitter to deflect as hard as he can
"hoo boy
"when donald trump fails
"a chicago man is in critical condition after the mother of all epic f*ckups by trump s  deportation force.  on monday morning
"in a more innocent time
"if there is one upside to having this level of unchecked corruption running through the trump white house it s that they aren t very good at hiding it.in yet another example of the lengths trump s cronies will go to cover for him
 gop rep runs out the back door"
"donald trump is soon going to be unleashing even more  fake news  attacks on the media than ever before.it turns out that former president barack obama s press secretary
"this is what being pathetic looks like.house speaker paul ryan was so desperate to secure republican votes for his disastrous healthcare bill that he literally got down on his knees to beg one lawmaker for his support.as we all know
"legendary newsman dan rather has lived through and covered several presidencies so he knows what he s talking about.rather was just a boy of 13 when franklin d. roosevelt died in 1945. in 1950
"embattled house intel chairman
"it s not clear whether trump called in a favor or fox news decided to impress the new boss by taking the initiative
"it s no secret that californians aren t really fans of donald trump and trump can t stand california. california rejected trump during the election by a whopping 30 percent margin. in turn
"donald trump repeatedly attacked former president barack obama each time he went golfing but the alleged billionaire has just taken his 13th golfing trip in the two months he s been on the job. each one of trump s defenders seems to have an old tweet blasting obama for his golf trips
 gave her a ‘bill’ for nato (details)"
"sean hannity is pissed. really pissed. earlier today
"with the cool
"one day after trump had his 12th golfing trip as president he returned to his golf club in virginia for lucky number 13.like yesterday
"less than 24 hours after trump claimed he would be exclusively blaming democrats for not endorsing his bill to uninsure 24 million people
" snitches get stitches  is kremlin s message to the united states   at least according to russian foreign ministry spokesperson maria zakharova
 throw him under the bus for f*cking up health care plan (details)"
 trump pissed (tweets)"
"cnn is reporting that trump s disgraced national security adviser
"donald trump and paul ryan thought they d get to pass what could possibly be described as the most cruel approach to healthcare imaginable this past week. however
"an examination of republican house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes on saturday was totally devastating and damning.this week
"a few years ago
 trump heads back to his golf club again"
"for years
"a dc rally meant to prove  the existence of the long-debunked conspiracy theory known as  pizzagate  reached a painfully stupid peak when the crowd couldn t agree on whether or not a secret jewish cabal was to blame.for those that can t recall this particularly bit of idiocy coming from the right
"donald trump and his republican allies are total losers
"just a few years after republicans shut down the government. then came so close to defaulting on america s debts that the nation s credit rating was reduced. then nominated a reality television star and serial liar as president. then elected said reality television star and serial liar to actually be president even after a tape was released where he bragged about sexual assault. republican representative tom rooney had an epiphany: maybe  maybe the republican party is a joke?it may seem obvious to some
"donald trump is so petty about not getting his way on healthcare that he is literally hoping that our healthcare system fails.on friday
"trump and the house gop suffered a stunning defeat on legislation they promised would deliver better healthcare to millions
"president obama has finally been vindicated after seven years of republican attacks on the affordable care act resulted in humiliating failure on friday.once again
"during the campaign cycle
"the republican party and the trump white house just suffered a humiliating defeat as their signature campaign promise   to repeal and replace the affordable care act immediately   couldn t even pass a vote on the house floor with a large gop majority.of course
"donald trump drew a line in the sand: pass the obamacare repeal and replace bill or else.then it blew up in his face. republicans created a bill so unpopular that he couldn t even get it to pass the house. trump told them to pass the bill anyway   and republicans ignored him. the legendary  dealmaker  failed spectacularly. so  he s blaming democrats.in a presser held shortly after he and paul ryan agreed to pull the bill rather than face a humiliating defeat during voting
"the authors of the republican bill that would have caused as many as 24 million people to lose health insurance and bankrupt countless others are reportedly  near tears  and  demoralized  following the bill s failure to make it through the house.guys who wrote this bill are in shock. a couple darn near tears. they know how bad this is.  mike debonis (@mikedebonis) march 24
"well
"the entire republican party spent the 2016 campaign season running on a promise to repeal and replace the affordable care act
"ivanka trump is catching hell right now for being a hypocrite when it comes to women s healthcare.in 2016
"things just went from bad to worse for the republican party.being in charge just isn t what republicans imagined it would be like.after all
"the vast majority of donald trump s campaign promises were both unworkable and
"house republicans failed to pass their disastrous healthcare bill on thursday and rachel maddow hilariously mocked them for it.due to the deep unpopularity of the legislation
"if you were unaware
"everyone knows speaker of the house paul ryan has absolutely no backbone
"msnbc host lawrence o donnell did not hold back on thursday night.earlier in the day
 demands explanation to trumpcare (details)"
"msnbc s chris hayes couldn t resist trolling trump a bit after friday morning s insane tweet about the gop healthcare plan. after seven horrible years of obamacare (skyrocketing premiums & deductibles
 hawaii judge inundated with threats"
"the  american health care plan
"house republicans had seven years to come up with a plan superior to the affordable care act and their plan is so bad that not even the gop majority could pass it.after uselessly voting to repeal the affordable care act over sixty times during those years in order to please their conservative base
"republicans are hell bent on repealing obamacare. they don t care how many people it kills. after eight years of demanding the affordable care act be repealed and replaced
"it was bound to happen   as soon as house intel chairman devin nunes said that he had evidence people in trump s transition team were recorded during foreign surveillance activities
"in a stunning example of just how out-of-touch and heartless the republican party is towards women s healthcare
"a woman in indiana is feeling the pain of donald trump s immigration policies personally. apparently
"gop rep. devin nunes is feeling the burn after nancy pelosi ripped him a new one on thursday.on wednesday
"after two months of an administration that gives literal meaning to the term  bully pulpit
 trump sends out ‘poll’ asking his followers to prove they love him"
 planned on murdering more (video)"
"donald trump at this point is known for spewing crazy statements
’ says congress is not credible in russia probe"
"women should get as far away from oklahoma as soon as possible because christian sharia law is about to make their lives a living hell.if oklahoma state gop rep. george faught has his way
"democrats are about to welcome another voice into their big tent after republicans in hawaii decided their tent wasn t small enough.in january
"if today s fiasco
"trump s disgusting brand of misogyny was laid bare for all to see during the election cycle and it should have sunk him
 according to officials"
"the democratic ranking member of the house intelligence committee dropped a bombshell wednesday afternoon when he revealed that there is  more than circumstantial evidence now  of collusion between donald trump and russia.speaking to msnbc s chuck todd
"former conservative turned liberal activist
 not the truth"
"despite repeatedly claiming that he will be tough on crime
"donald trump s white house mouthpiece just gave melissa mccarthy more material to work with on saturday night live.as we all know
"this morning
"donald trump is another step closer to suffering a major policy defeat
"the overwhelming response to her temper tantrum was so humiliating that sarah palin removed the outrageous tweet.just after midnight on wednesday morning
"one of the selling points of donald trump s supreme court nominee neil gorsuch is that his decisions are actually so mainstream and widely respected that he s never been overturned. well
 worked for a decade to ‘benefit putin government’ (details)"
" i m convinced that whenever trump says  most people don t know
"this is especially monumental since the wall street journal is a conservative newspaper.donald trump is running out of supporters
"just last year before the 2016 presidential election
"kraig moss was a die hard donald trump supporter. he followed the then-gop presidential candidate around the nation
"astrophysicist neil degrasse tyson is not a fan of donald trump and he sure as hell does not support the budget trump is pushing.trump s budget is the most draconian budget in modern times. in order to spend more money on defense that america does not need
"republican members of congress
"what happens when a thin-skinned bully becomes president? apparently
"while a group of americans were vacationing in cancun
"the man who served as white house counsel to former president richard nixon during watergate (and ended up facing charges for helping to it cover up) is weighing in on donald trump s ongoing scandal with russia. his opinion? trump s administration is  in cover-up mode. john dean sat down for an interview with msnbc s chris hayes on monday night and his summation of trump s current situation was clear when hayes asked about trump s shady ties to russia and his bogus wiretapping claims. in fact [the white house] is in cover-up mode
 threatened to impeach trump (video)"
 really disturbing bedtime ritual
"a michigan republican may have literally guaranteed that he won t get another term in congress.republicans across the country have been cowardly avoiding holding town hall events because thousands of their angry constituents have been showing up to protest their effort to repeal the affordable care act
 and jake tapper calls them out"
"if republicans listen to this sage advice
"donald trump must be forced to resign or be impeached
"no one gets under alleged president donald trump s skin more than alec baldwin. well
"what goes around finally came around to bite kellyanne conway on the ass.in october
"it s hard not to wonder just how paranoid and/or dictatorial trump really is. one would think that
"donald trump just lost another one of his propagandists thanks to fox news.last week
 infowars
"trump spent the weekend golfing in florida. by low estimates
"if you ve been joking that ivanka trump would make a perfect first lady (given trump s numerous remarks through the years about how he wants to yeah)
 suspend her show"
"according to white house press secretary sean spicer
"the investigations into the trump-russia scandal are an increasing problem for trump as he desperately tries to steer any and all spotlights away from him and onto
"donald trump was nervous as hell over the hearing with fbi director james comey earlier today
"congress is chest-deep in their leak investigations
"something strange happens when the president sees conspiracies everywhere: they tend to bleed into the rest of the government
"on monday
"stephen hawking might be one of the most brilliant and highly respected scientists in the world
"fbi director james comey has confirmed that the agency is not only investigating russia s interference in the 2016 presidential election but is also taking a long hard look at whether donald trump and his campaign colluded with the foreign power.in his opening statement
"we all knew that donald trump would be a nightmare for the supreme court. his nominee
"since taking the oath of office
 and they are comedy gold"
"donald trump has taken a beating on his favorite playground   twitter   from many notable individuals (and multiple dictionaries)
"it looks like donald trump can add another case to the list of lawsuits he is facing. an attorney
 but he did play golf"
"donald trump just got his ass handed to him by a former nato ambassador for claiming that germany owes the organization money.on saturday
"ever since officer darren wilson murdered unarmed african-american teen michael brown in the streets of ferguson
"even fox news understands that the republican healthcare bill will leave millions of americans in financial ruins.that s why chris wallace put the screws to house speaker paul ryan on sunday.so far
"while the affordable care act actually has slowed down the rising cost of premiums
"trump spent his the sixth weekend golfing and the internet dug up an supremely uncomfortable reminder for him.and trump seems oblivious to the fact that most americans find the idea of a president taking six vacations in his first two months of being president repugnant. donning golfing attire
 the rest of us aren’t (video)"
"we re not sure how this could have possibly happened. i mean
"one of the things that makes trumpcare such a blow job for the rich is that it contains a bunch of cuts to taxes that help pay for certain provisions of the affordable care act. some of those taxes were primarily on the wealthy
"uh oh
"a lot about america has changed since the rise of donald trump. people thought that his coarse language
"it s easy to think the whole brouhaha with michael flynn was over the moment he was forced from his post as trump s national security adviser
"fox news found themselves in a really uncomfortable position on friday because of donald trump s gullibility.during a fox news broadcast on tuesday
"as he was standing next to podium
"one after another
 makes a fool of himself (video)"
 he was a cruel
"former texas republican rep. steve stockman s twitter handle is @steveworks4you but apparently he works for himself. stockman
"in indiana
"a sit-down meeting with german chancellor angela merkel went from painfully awkward to downright offensive when trump couldn t even muster an ounce of humility and grace. during a photo op
"while trump s secretary of state was visiting a un base on the border of north and south korea on friday
"a tennessee trump supporter is ecstatic that obamacare has dramatically lowered her family s insurance costs
"if you have not yet heard
"sean hannity might be one of the most disliked people in television or radio  news.  yes
"the republican party is constantly pushing back against accusations of being a racist institution
"one of the arguments against the affordable care act (obamacare) is that people are losing options as insurance companies are pulling out. that s true. insurance companies are pulling out
" i just want people to know
"donald trump apparently hopes poor people starve or freeze to death.in order to make way for a massive increase to our already bloated defense spending
"funny how this just keeps happening.yet another trump advisor has been caught having ties to a shady
"the republican bill meant to dismantle the affordable care act has been hit on all sides as nonsensical
 gets ugly after guest defends trump’s muslim ban (video)"
"house speaker paul ryan just dropped the hammer on donald trump and his outrageous accusation against president obama.just over ten days ago
"programs that have kept hungry americans fed for decades are being slashed so donald trump can spend more money on the bloated military budget.since 1954
"donald trump has been vacationing at his mar-a-lago resort in florida nearly every weekend since taking office
"it appears that a hacker had a bit of fun with mcdonald s corporate twitter account thursday morning. you are actually a disgusting excuse of a president and we would love to have barack obama back
"the debate about health care has lead to some pretty ugly comments from the right
"just hours before donald trump s new muslim ban was set to go into effect
"rand paul is a self-described libertarian
 slaps down order"
"if you ask any conservative
 really"
"the former acting attorney general who became an instant symbol of heroic defiance of trump when she was fired for refusing to support the administration s unconstitutional muslim ban has been nominated for a profile in courage award
"it was obvious this was going to happen
"by now
"the days when morning joe host joe scarborough would play nice with donald trump are definitely over. not only has scarborough turned into a major trump critic
"cnn s jim acosta has been a thorn in the trump administration s side ever since donald trump insulted him during a press conference and called him and the news network  fake news . needless to say
"the longer donald trump and his merry band of authoritarian misfits carry on with the baseless claims that president barack obama wiretapped trump tower during the 2016 election cycle
 absolutely zero evidence of wiretapping (video)"
"donald trump s oklahoma campaign chair is a standup guy   except when he s laying down with children
"the white house may have verified the legitimacy of donald trump s tax returns after they were released by pulitzer prize-winning journalist david cay johnston
"texas landowners along the u.s.-mexico border have begun receiving notices from the federal government saying that they re coming to either buy
"the former mayor of fairfax city in virginia is facing up to 40 years in prison after he pled guilty to trading crystal meth for sex. richard  scott  silverthorne entered a guilty plea to one charge of distributing methamphetamine on monday.this shocking story began in august of 2016 when silverthorne was arrested. police say they got a tip that he was using a website to set up casual sexual encounters and distribute meth. an undercover officer set up a fake profile on the site and silverthorne took the bait. in just days he had responded to the undercover officer and arranged to meet him at the crowne plaza hotel in mclean
"trump has long claimed that he was legally not allowed to release his tax returns because of an alleged  audit  that required him to keep them a secret. this has been repeatedly debunked by legal experts and tax experts   and now trump himself. after learning rachel maddow had obtained his 2005 tax returns and was planning on breaking it on live television
"fbi director james comey could very likely be the reason we have a president trump. just shy of two weeks prior to the 2016 election
"other than the wall and maybe the muslim ban
"according to white house press secretary sean spicer
 humiliates himself (video)"
"donald trump just got owned.on monday
"donald trump keeps pretending that everyone is so happy and optimistic since he took office. twitter users were quick to blow apart his delusional alternate reality.in yet another post on his favorite social media platform
"it s no secret that speaker of the house paul ryan is spineless   that s a reputation he s earned for himself throughout his entire career. but thanks to an audio clip from october 2016 that has just resurfaced
 embarrassing and endangering america on the world stage"
"donald trump is getting fantastically mocked right now for bragging about jobs that are being created as a result of president obama s economic policies.as soon as the february jobs report was released
"if donald trump really had proof that president obama wiretapped him he would have revealed it long before now.over a week ago
"at a town hall in frost
"it s time for the irs to end non-profit status for all conservative organizations.but at least they did the right thing by taking away the non-profit status of the national policy institute
"family guy creator seth mcfarlane just couldn t resist having a bit of fun with kellyanne conway s absolutely batsh*t insane claim regarding trump s unfounded allegation that president obama spied on the donald through his microwave. on monday
 so they’re trying to walk it back (details)"
 the wall street journal just wrecked trumpcare (image)"
"the congressional budget office released their assessment of the gop s obamacare replacement bill on monday and the news was worse than many had even feared. according to the analysis of the nonpartisan group
 and it’s gonna be hilarious (video)"
"the congressional budget office released their analysis of the gop s obamacare replacement plan today
"the congressional budget office s review of the republicans  replacement plan for the aca is out
 really bad news (tweet)"
 it’s a bloodbath: 24 million+ uninsured (details)"
"for a week now
"if donald trump really cared about creating jobs and strengthening the economy he would not be trying to gut this small-but-critical program.it s been around since 1966
"representative steve king ( r-iowa) is a notorious racist. on sunday
"donald trump is 50 days into his presidency and and he has done nothing but cheat the american people while destroying and embarrassing our country.america does not have a president. america has a petulant child who acts more like a fascist dictator who whines all the time.trump doesn t know what the hell he is doing most of the time and resorts to posting on twitter and blaming others for his failures.in addition
 whines that reporters won’t ‘be nice’ to him (tweet)"
’ then blames obama"
 much worse (video)"
"amateur president donald trump pledged to forego a presidential salary and his spokesperson sarah huckabee sanders said in mid-january that the former reality show star  is required to get a paycheck but will be giving it back to (the) treasury or donating.  in 2015
"a woman confronted notorious coward
"if you haven t heard about rep. steve king s (r-ia) white supremacy tweet by now
"vermont senator bernie sanders has been a nightmare for the gop ever since he announced his presidential campaign. with his amazing ability to connect with progressives and activists in america
"donald trump jr. apparently expects the world to believe that he has had  zero contact  with his father since he was sworn into office. so no need to worry about all that pesky conflict of interest stuff. nothing to see here
"while it should surprise absolutely no one that iowa rep. steve king is a blatant
"trump just can t stop embroiling himself in scandal
"donald trump can brag all he wants
"many of obama s harshest critics are suddenly very quiet. the former president who the right relentlessly smeared during his time in office is seeing a surge in popularity in his post-white house life as americans begin to realize just how good they had it. trump has a way of clarifying things like that.in another reminder of just how popular obama is (and by contrast
"the american people are not going to like this at all.if you really believed that donald trump cares about working people and america
"ivanka trump is complicit in what her father donald trump is doing to america and saturday night live hilariously made sure everyone knows about it.in yet another classic commercial spoof
"according to senator john mccain
"donald trump is the ultimate hypocrite and fox host chris wallace called him out for it on sunday.during the campaign
"last saturday
"trump and his twitter habit may be breaking federal law
"there may have been a time
"trump s selfishness knows no bounds. he thinks as president and commander-in-chief that he can do what he wants
"the son of sonny and cher successfully caused fox host sean hannity to blow a gasket.on thursday
"i m not sure why
"since taking office
 america’s response is perfect (tweets)"
"rep. jason smith of missouri spent international women s day advocating for women   or so we re sure he thought. he s a supporter of the gop s plan for repealing the aca
"fbi director james comey met with the house intelligence committee on thursday to discuss donald trump s claim that former president obama had his  wires tapped  at trump tower during the election. a day later
"in mid-august just last year
"donald trump
"that didn t take long.one of trump s oldest campaign backers was hooked up with a job he was blatantly not qualified for and seemingly had no interest in. just two months later
"one day after he testified about being stopped by immigration officials under donald trump s muslim ban
"oh
"trump continued to claim credit for things with which he had little to do when february s jobs report came out earlier today
"donald trump swears he had no idea that former national security adviser
"donald trump s presidency has emboldened bigots everywhere. the latest hate incident comes courtesy of some despicable eighth grade students in north carolina. in a stunningly racist video posted online and then removed
"he may work for fox radio but this man deserves a ton of respect for what he just did. at a breaking point with trump s love affair with the racist blog  the gateway pundit
"it s no secret at this point that donald trump s administration is completely filled to the brim with white supremacists with connections to russia
"in a deeply disturbing moment during press secretary sean spicer s latest bonkers press briefing
"the house s plan to repeal and replace the aca is catching an awful lot of flak from republicans and democrats alike. congressmen steve king of iowa
 internet has field day"
"republicans seriously need to pay attention in biology class.because if they had
 white house desperate (tweet)"
"the republican party is trying its hardest to gloss over the fact that its new health care replacement is a disaster that is going to hurt the american people more than anything.at a time when it s been widely reported that americans are overwhelmingly satisfied with their obamacare and would like to keep it
"if you still don t think trump supporters aren t nazis
"the wives and mothers of these republicans must be so embarrassed.during a house committee on energy and commerce hearing on thursday to discuss the gop s destructive healthcare bill
’ says white house"
"on thursday
"republicans nationwide seem to want to get rid of regulations on just about everything   guns
"now
 and it makes him look extremely shady (image)"
 gives him a brutal reality check on border wall (video)"
"former clinton labor secretary and current berkeley economics professor robert reich has long been one of donald trump s most vocal opponents and he thinks trump could be done. on thursday
"sean spicer might be in a little bit of a trouble after an off-camera wednesday press briefing. though president* trump and spicer himself have been pushing the donald s baseless conspiracy theory that president obama tapped the  wires  at trump tower
"amateur president donald trump loves trumpcare
 and its name will make you laugh your a** off"
 implicating paul ryan
"someone is going to empty lots and cordoned off buildings around the country and putting signs on the fences around them. these aren t ordinary signs
"when former president george w. bush left office
"on tuesday
 accidentally admits devastating fact about trumpcare (video)"
 airport security
"house republicans have released their version of obamacare replacement and it s bad
"this is what legendary newsman dan rather thinks about trumpcare
"while we re focused on the ridiculous donald trump tweets or the equally ridiculous obamacare replacement bill
"if trump isn t willing to attach his name to something
"can somebody tell this piece of shit congressman that the emergency room is is not healthcare coverage?on tuesday
 and it’s glorious (tweets)"
 and gets shredded for it"
"representative adam schiff is clearly fed up with donald trump s lies. this is especially true of trump s latest lie
"doesn t corporate america get enough breaks at the expense of the everyday american? apparently not
"white house press secretary sean spicer was completely humiliated by msnbc s hallie jackson during tuesday s white house briefing. jackson wanted to know why donald trump would call on congress to investigate the supposed wiretapping at trump tower when he claims to already have this very information. this was a question spicer couldn t answer. all he could do was squirm. you said the president stands by his tweets saturday morning that president obama ordered this wiretap
"if one thing has become abundantly clear
"lyin  donald trump tweeted this morning that former president barack obama was responsible for 122  vicious prisoners  being released from guantanamo bay and returning to the battlefield. however
"for at least one day
"in what could be the most damning information revealed yet
"donald trump and the republican party s push to repeal and replace the affordable care act (aka obamacare) was met with protests and resistance all around the country. despite being well aware that their  replacement  would be stripping millions of americans (especially the ill and lower-income citizens) of their life-saving
"donald trump screwed himself over by letting his tiny little hands go twitter-happy over the weekend. just because he was pissed off over jeff sessions  recusal
’ stands by utter failure"
"we all know how hostile the trump white house is to the press. they say that anything they don t like is  fake news  and they have even gone so far as to ban critical mainstream outlets from a press gaggle with white house press secretary sean spicer. now
"when donald trump falsely accused president obama of wiretapping him he committed an impeachable offense.that s what harvard law professor laurence tribe wrote in response to jonathan turley on tuesday after turley claimed that trump can t be impeached for posting  bad tweets. during an appearance on morning joe
"donald trump s media supporters are working overtime this week trying to defend his wiretapping accusations against president obama.on saturday
"republicans are delusional if they really believe forgoing a new cell phone will allow poor people to afford healthcare.but that s exactly what utah gop rep. jason chaffetz believes.on monday
"tuesday morning
"we recently reported on how it has now come to light
 and it’s worse than you thought (details)"
"a white house press release which congratulated exxon mobil corp. for its recent investment in u.s. manufacturing appears to be copied from a paragraph from the oil company s own release
 here are five ways trump just moved to f*ck over middle america"
"students at the university of california
 gets hostile with reporters in off-camera briefing (details)"
"as if donald trump isn t paranoid and delusional enough on his own
"the whirlwind of chaos that follows donald trump everywhere he goes has just reached a level we ve never seen before. it turns out
"trump s newly confirmed secretary of housing and urban development just dropped a doozy on us. no
 cnn refuses to bow down to trump; he will be livid (video)"
"khizr khan
"donald trump likes to talk tough on terror. however
"with all the absolutely horrific and unhinged things that donald trump has been doing and saying since he took office
"donald trump s list of allies is getting shorter because of his outrageous accusation against president obama.during the campaign
"donald trump is playing a dangerous game by falsely accusing his predecessor of wiretapping his phone lines before the election. most people realize when trump seems unhinged in his twitter timeline
"well
"on monday
"donald trump just ruined any remaining chance he had to get support from msnbc hosts joe scarborough and mika brzezinski.on saturday
"republican rep. jason chaffetz has made a living in congress starting investigations into just about anything in an effort to hurt democrats. but even he thinks donald trump has nothing to support his accusations against president obama.on saturday
"rather than making america great again
"donald trump s surrogates are desperately trying to defend him after he leveled some pretty serious charges at president obama based on what he read in a far-right propaganda rag. according to the donald
"cards against humanity has to be one of the best card games ever. also
"one of the house of representatives  more crazy members
 says he will ‘be proven right’"
 will investigate ‘campaign surveillance’ as part of russia probe"
"following a series of unhinged tweets from trump that accuse obama of illegally spying on him during the election cycle
"donald trump has access to a wealth of information as president
"trump lost his marbles on friday
"donald trump is now demanding that any probe into his administration s connections to russia also include a probe into his wild allegation that president obama tapped his  wires  in trump tower. this dubious claim seems to have originated with a breitbart article that had been circulating among white house staff. the article in question claimed that president obama had ordered a wiretap under the foreign intelligence surveillance act
"it can easily be said that donald trump doesn t live in reality. he lives in his own world filled with delusion and a narrative that he s created on his own. why? who knows
"donald trump has absolutely no evidence that president obama wiretapped him
"donald trump is desperately trying to shift focus away from his russia scandal by accusing president obama of wiretapping him
"former defense secretary leon panetta explained on sunday why donald trump s paranoid claims that former president obama wiretapped trump tower are so troubling.during an interview with cbs s face the nation
"petulant child donald trump released a statement on sunday morning demanding that congress investigate president obama.on saturday
 and we need an answer"
"every major party presidential candidate in the last 40 years has released his or her tax returns
"is there some specific reason we have someone in the white house who s willing to let the military do what it wants in terms of strikes? on friday
"while donald trump s team
"as we all live in the nightmarish hellscape that is the donald trump presidency is the fact that congressional republicans are flat-out refusing to stand up to donald trump s insanity. they know he is mentally unstable
"the new york daily news has never been subtle with their covers. this is especially true when the subject of said covers is donald trump. therefore
"donald trump s presidency has inspired many bigot to come out of the woodwork and commit acts of violence against those they perceive as not belonging in  their  country. the latest incidence of this was the case of a man of the sikh faith who lives outside seattle
"a gop lawmaker in oklahoma raised more than a few eyebrows when before speaking to a group of muslim high school students
 drops bombshell on trump that will destroy him (video)"
"donald trump s number two man
"reality show star turned  so-called  president donald trump alleged in a tweetstorm this morning that former president barack obama had trump tower s  wires tapped  before the election. the only place trump could have gotten that disinformation is from fake news  site breitbart.com. trump has some  splainin  to do over that conspiratorial tweet. like
"donald trump s most dangerous and offensive campaign promise was
"donald trump reportedly flew into a fit of rage when attorney general jeff sessions decided to recuse himself from the investigation into russia.sessions resigned on thursday after it was revealed that he had met with the russian ambassador and then lied about it during his confirmation hearing. sessions made the choice after officials at the justice department advised him to recuse himself
 demonstrating trump’s lack of public support (images)"
 and it’s amazing"
"real-life saturday morning cartoon villain donald trump kicked off his day with a delusional rant about president obama. in what appears to be a effort to shift focus away from the fact that his administration has more ties to russia than a moscow bondage club by leveling some rather interesting accusations at the right wing s favored bogeyman. terrible! just found out that obama had my  wires tapped  in trump tower just before the victory. nothing found. this is mccarthyism!  trump tweeted after reading that it s totally true on white supremacist propaganda mill breitbart.  is it legal for a sitting president to be  wire tapping  a race for president prior to an election? turned down by court earlier. a new low! i d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that president obama was tapping my phones in october
"donald trump may have just inadvertently admitted guilt during his bizarre and conspiracy riddled claim that president obama ordered the trump tower to be wiretapped.in a flurry of early morning tweets (how s that pivot going
"republicans just keep digging their political graves deeper.the affordable care act currently provides health insurance to 30 million americans. the plans are broader than ever before and people can t be discriminated against just because they have a pre-existing condition.people who didn t have affordable access to medical care now have it.but republicans have been trying to take it away from them for years and are still trying to do so even though americans across the country have made it clear that they support the landmark healthcare law.the latest republican to desperately try to justify repealing the affordable care act is kansas rep. roger marshall
"donald trump just got terminated again by arnold schwarzenegger for lying about him on twitter.it s no secret that the ratings for celebrity apprentice were worse than in previous years. but in those previous years
 and it’s the most heartbreaking thing you’ll see this week (tweets)"
"bill maher literally called  bullshit  when a donald trump supporter insisted that russia did not interfere with the 2016 election.racist cnn pundit jeffrey lord has made every excuse in the book to defend trump and he brought the excuses to real time on friday night when he attempted to spin the russia scandal by claiming that russia did nothing to help trump to begin with.maher was not in the mood for bullshit on this night as he called lord out for supporting a  vulgar human being. lord threw out a false equivalency by comparing everything trump has said to hillary clinton s accurate assessment of trump supporters as  deplorable  people.apparently
"after donald trump s saturday morning tweetstorm
 and it’s f*cking epic (tweets)"
"what is with conservatives being all butthurt over criticism all of a sudden
"jake tapper has just about had it with donald trump. the feisty host of cnn s the lead infamously took trump s top liar spin doctor
"the internet is full of hidden gems
 really bad news about his tax returns (details)"
"the rachel maddow show has become a hit among cable news viewers
"the evidence that russia is buying us up continues to mount
"it s one thing to call a person stupid
"if you re not paying attention to donald trump on twitter at the moment
"there s nothing sadder than when a person uses the  i m rubber and you re glue  defense except when it is used by the *president of the united states in an effort to deflect and divert attention from himself and his own administration.earlier in the day
"there s no lengths lying conservative media won t go to in order to try and defend their golden boy
"brace yourself
"it is becoming clearer and clearer that donald trump and the people around him have serious ties to vladimir putin and russian operatives. on top of that
"trump likes to pretend he was handed  a mess  when he took office. unfortunately
"if donald trump and his team were planning to continue using the ole  i forgot  defense to explain all these secret meetings with russian officials during the campaign
"if jeff sessions really cares about the law and the constitution he ll read his own words about perjury and resign in disgrace.during his confirmation hearing to become donald trump s attorney general
"sir patrick stewart
 and he’ll despise it"
"just when you thought trump might have calmed down while basking in the glow of his written-for-him speech at the joint address
"donald trump took quite a bit of heat following the racist shooting in kansas city that resulted in the deaths of two indian engineers. the perpetrator shouted what sounded like trump-inspired racial slurs like  get out of my country
"ever since the courts blocked donald trump s ridiculous muslim ban
 claims it’s a ‘total witch hunt’"
"on the 100th anniversary of president john f. kennedy s birth
"recently
"actor and medal of freedom recipient tom hanks is doing his part to support the free press against the tyranny of donald trump.the white house press corps has had to deal with a lot of bullshit
"donald trump s secretary of education
"a cowardly republican gave a racist excuse for why he doesn t want to face his constituents at a town hall.as angry americans show up to town halls to give their republican representatives hell over their obsession with repealing the affordable care act
"legendary news anchor dan rather said on thursday that it shouldn t be long now before donald trump s cozy relationship with russia becomes a real problem for him. every once in a while in washington
"there is something going on right now within our government that is very
"it s not just people tied to alleged president donald trump s campaign and administration who are linked to russia
"attorney general jeff sessions  scandal is so explosive that on thursday congressional republicans began breaking ranks to join democrats in demanding that he recuse himself from overseeing an investigation into contacts between the trump campaign and the russian government. sessions testified under oath that he had not spoke to russian officials while working on trump s campaign
 and conservatives are terrified (screenshots)"
 and it’s absolutely sick"
"paul ryan said that the house would implement a completely transparent process for repealing and replacing obamacare. either ryan has no idea what his fellow republicans are up to
"for months donald trump and his top staffers have sworn that no one in the campaign had contact with the russian government while it was in the middle of engaging in a cyber attack against democrats. trump s new attorney general
"when people go to the voting booth
"in light of the russian hacking scandal that interfered in our nation s election
"in what may be the beginning of the end for donald trump s tenure as *president
"trump s address to a joint session of congress last night was long on old and tired talking points
"in a new video
"donald trump is being graded on a curve. he always has been
"amateur president donald trump s hostility towards the environmental protection agency is revealing by his pick to head the epa who attacked his own agency during an address to the conservative political action summit last week. the former reality show star is hell bent on raping the environment
 blasts him for this one sick moment (video)"
"donald trump s join address to congress last night left much to be desired
’ indicates legal cannabis crackdown is coming"
 but there was one major problem with it (video)"
"comedian john caparulo was in the middle of a perfectly normal standup act at the comedy & magic club in hermosa beach
 self-congratulatory “thank you” and americans tell him where he can shove it (tweets)"
"penguin random house announced on tuesday night that barack and michelle obama have both signed book deals with the publisher. according to the statement
"keith olbermann rants on a very regular basis. tonight s rant
"there s been a spate of attacks on jews around the u.s. recently
 and it’s ridiculous"
 and it’s so true (video)"
 signals trump team implosion (video)"
"it s no secret that the trump administration (and donald trump himself) sees itself as a victim of a malicious mainstream media
"donald trump s education secretary proved she is spectacularly unfit for her job when she released a statement on her department s website praising historically black colleges and universities (hbcus) as   real pioneers when it comes to school choice. in some ways
"people have figured out a way to troll a right-wing pastor who incessantly rails against transgender americans
 botched yemen raid yielded no significant intelligence at all"
 and he’ll be livid"
 humiliates him over russia (video)"
"one would think that
"donald trump may be trying to destroy the  failing  new york times
"reince priebus
 gives the most pathetic reason why it sucks (video)"
"apparently
"if it wasn t clear before that donald trump is worse than george w. bush ever was
"there needs to be an independent commission and special prosecutor put on this case now.earlier this month
"the u.s. is headed in a bad direction
"donald trump s botched yemen raid left 30 civilians   including an 8-year-old american girl and other women and children   dead
"there is definitely such a thing as protesting too much
"donald trump s paranoia and desperation to keep the american people in the dark just took an unconstitutional turn.for weeks
"republicans are literally using every excuse they can come up with to avoid investigating donald trump.after years of frivolously investigating hillary clinton and president obama
 asks how attacking the media creates jobs"
"ohio governor and former republican presidential hopeful john kasich says that the gop s plan for a full repeal of obamacare
"donald trump is so thin-skinned that he would rather sit in the white house and pout instead of attending the white house correspondent s dinner.it is a tradition for the president to attend the annual white house correspondent s dinner. it s a chance to spend time with reporters and journalists and enjoy the entertainment of a comedian. stephen colbert
 but the internet sets him straight about who’s ‘failing’ (tweets)"
"donald trump has no reason to give a shit about what is happening with the democratic party right now. he got elected president as a republican
"immigration officials in florida proved how out of control things are in trump s america by detaining the son of muhammad ali because his name happens to sound too muslim for their liking.muhammad ali jr. and his mother
"donald trump hates the press
"while trump and his loyal subjects keep bleating about the mess obama left for them to clean up
"donald trump s new national security adviser thinks former-president obama was right all along
"richard spencer
 pumpkin?’: the internet drags trump for begging supporters to throw a rally"
"as donald trump has turned his presidency into an all out war against the mainstream media
 and it was pretty damn awesome (video)"
"in a shocking move
"donald trump and his team are no fans of the free press. they call any story that they dislike  fake news
"you know
"attendees at the 2017 conservative political action conference were seen waving russian flags with  trump  stamped on them. whether this was a trolling operation remains to be seen but the flag wavers were reportedly trump supporters. it s a tough call with conservatives remaining unconcerned over trump s ties to russia
"liberals love us some ruth bader ginsberg
"on friday
"on thursday night
"in yet another example of the rash of hate crimes that has accompanied donald trump s presidency
 they said no"
"during his campaign
"republicans across the country have been doing all they can to avoid town hall meetings where angry constituents are waiting. but rep. louie gohmert (r-tx) should win some type of award for his despicable excuse.earlier this week
"one has to wonder how anybody
"donald trump just got his ass handed to him by the retired admiral who oversaw the raid that finally took down osama bin laden.last week
 vows feds will go after states with legalized weed (video)"
"one of the problems that republicans have is what to do about the white nationalists that are taking over the conservative movement
"on thursday
"one of the most revered supreme court justices in american history just hammered donald trump for attacking the free press without even mentioning his name.last week
"the project was set to begin on march 1st and would have brought environmentally friendly high speed rail to california.but that project is in serious jeopardy after donald trump s transportation minion elaine chao
"as more and more leaks get out
 they give them credentials to attend cpac"
"if ivanka trump really believes in religious tolerance she should tell her dad instead of the twitterverse.throughout his campaign
"republicans should be ashamed of themselves and that s the exact message one gop lawmaker clearly received during a town hall in louisiana.on wednesday
 twitter erupts (video/tweets)"
"a letter to the editor appeared in the new york times yesterday about how devastating trump s immigration policy is. it s not only going to destroy immigrant families and further harm our deteriorating relationship with mexico; it s also going to rip apart military families. the families that keep our soldiers grounded when they re overseas in combat zones. and trump doesn t care.david kubat
"there are a lot of republican members of congress who can t stand even the prospect of having their town halls disrupted by protesters
"vile gop senator tom cotton made the mistake of facing his constituents on wednesday
"republicans have been coming up with some pretty ridiculous reasons for why they think we need to ban muslims and build that stupid wall. donald trump and his administration have taken to making up fake terrorist attacks
"it s about time kansas republicans saw the light and told governor sam brownback to go f*ck himself.kansas has been taking a beating because of brownback s trickle-down economics policy of slashing taxes. and republicans in the state have finally done something about it.in 2012
"anyone who respects democracy and the way this country works knows that protests and rallies are just part of what americans are allowed to do to get their point across. donald trump
"donald trump is employing extra scrutiny to anyone his cabinet hires to guarantee that they are loyal only to him.as he continues to whine about democrats holding up the confirmation process for his nominees
"on tuesday night
"remember when republicans wasted millions of dollars over two years investigating benghazi? voters definitely remember.republicans repeatedly and constantly used the benghazi attacks of 2012 to persecute president obama and hillary clinton. the witch hunt surpassed the length of the 9/11 investigation
"donald trump just got absolutely humiliated on twitter after he made a pathetic attempt to cozy up to minnesota democratic rep. keith ellison with a compliment.trump kicked off wednesday morning with a tweet about ellison
"we are stuck with donald trump as the most dangerous and incompetent president in history for either the next four years or until he is impeached. if he is impeached
000 in unpaid taxes"
"angry constituents have inundated town hall meetings over concerns of obamacare being repealed and other issues. there is so much frustration with constituents over trump s policies that republicans in congress are avoiding in-person town hall meetings. vice news reports that 200 republicans in congress are skipping town hall meetings with their constituents in february. rep. tom emmer (r-mn) will not allow protesting
"joni ernst may portray herself as tough in her campaign ads
"when white house spokesliar sean spicer demanded that the anne frank center praise donald trump for
"when donald trump pulled a terror attack in sweden out of his ass at a florida rally over the weekend
000 in three hours to fix vandalized jewish cemetery as trump does nothing"
"one by one
 and it’s outrageous"
"the fall of professional troll and far-right provocateur milo yiannopoulos continues
 viciously attacks trump critics (video)"
"since donald trump began his run for the president
"republicans may act like they have faith in donald trump when the cameras are rolling
 whines about obstruction"
"it s black history month and before tuesday
"donald trump does not care about jewish people. if he did
"other nations are stepping up to play larger roles in the world because of donald trump
"on the same day that bomb threats were made
 torches ‘delusional’ trump in epic rant"
"if you spent your weekend vacationing under a rock
"recently
"it looks like breitbart superstar milo yiannopoulos  15 minutes of fame has ended after a teensy weensy little pro-pedophilia video has surfaced. we get hung up on this sort of child abuse stuff to the point where we are heavily policing consensual adults
"right-wing provocateur
 responds to being ‘misled’ by trump team and flynn (video)"
"conservatives once again show that their sense of  morality  is really only dependent upon which way the political tide is blowing. first
" i m sorry i lied.  those four magic words would have done a lot to prove to the american people that he is
"even from the beginning of his hate-fueled
"amateur president donald trump routinely propagates fake news while deflecting from major scandals surrounding his chaotic administration. during his ego-rally in florida saturday
"trump likes trying to bully mexico
 but trump won’t like who the terrorists were"
"if you have not yet heard
"last night
"if there is anything that really gets under donald trump s skin
"republicans don t seem to understand that earth is the planet we live on.donald trump and his republicans supporters in congress are taking aim at any agency that studies climate change.climate change has had a devastating impact on our planet. the ice sheets are melting as an unprecedented rate and sea level rise threatens to drown our coastlines
"amateur president donald trump blasted rival hillary clinton while on the campaign trail as  low energy.  he said clinton takes naps  and added
"reince priebus appeared on fox news sunday and got his ass handed to him by chris wallace.on friday
"donald trump has declared the media to be  the enemy
"donald trump has declared war on the free press and his chief of staff apparently has his back. appearing on face the nation this sunday
"the watergate scandal is considered one of the worst political scandals in american history
"the trump administration has brought to our attention to multiple tragedies of which we were previously unaware in their effort to justify the donald s attempt to ban muslims from entering the country  first kellyanne conway s reminder of the totally real bowling green massacre (her credibility was among the victims) that definitely happened
"gateway pundit is a popular publication among white supremacists
"donald trump s buffonery
"you know how many trump fans seem to have a sick obsession with their orange-tinged fuhrer? we may have possibly found the one who is basically the ultimate donald trump fanboy
 and what happened is so hilarious he’s now crying ‘rigged!’"
"everyone remembers who died at bowling green thanks to kellyanne conway. everyone remembers who died in atlanta thanks to sean spicer. and the truth is that those of us who didn t die at bowling green died in atlanta. or did we? donald trump held a rally in florida today
"america s so-called president held a rally in melbourne
"donald trump topped off his disastrous press conference on thursday by calling the press  the enemy of the american people  on friday
 yanks guest off the air after idiotic fake news claims (video)"
"sen. john mccain is weighing in on russia s meddling in the u.s. election
’ has no business meeting with black caucus"
"kellyanne conway
"if donald trump continues to travel to mar-a-lago in florida at the current pace
"as trump began preparations to interview for cabinet positions
"this is exactly what bill maher had in mind when he invited milo yiannopoulos to come on his show.in response to yiannopoulos being unable to speak at uc berkeley earlier this year because protesters refused to let him spew his hate on their campus
 trump hissy fit in 3..2..1.. (images)"
"what would a saturday morning in the trump administration be without yet another unhinged rant from liar-in-chief donald trump? after yet another devastating week for the donald
"donald trump is dangerous as president. anyone who has been watching this trainwreck first in campaign mode
 promptly puts him in his place (video)"
 who is only getting more unpopular"
"people who parrot and spread trump s claims that the media lies absolutely cannot stand it when they re asked to provide examples. they try and deflect
"donald trump is literally inching dangerously close towards arresting members of the free press for doing their jobs.during his insanely embarrassing rant at his solo press conference on thursday
 tried to cover it up"
"cnn host jake tapper put breitbart in their place on friday after they attacked him on twitter.the white nationalist-supported website that spews  alternative facts  on a daily basis dared to attack tapper because they think they made him change his coverage of donald trump.after trump s disastrously embarrassing press conference on thursday
"it s safe to say that donald trump and joe scarborough are no longer buddies.after an embarrassing first solo press conference in which trump repeatedly lied and called the media  fake news  while bragging about himself and claiming that his administration is a well-oiled machine
"donald trump s days in the white house could be numbered if republicans stop denying reality.on thursday
"if any other american company did this
"donald trump reportedly wants to use the national guard as his deportation force.according to the associated press
"after claiming that he s  the least racist person
"rush limbaugh praised donald trump s insanely embarrassing press conference
 tells trump to go f*ck himself"
"on thursday afternoon
"donald trump finally held his first solo press conference on thursday and it did not go well at all.in fact
"there is certainly no love lost between cnn and the trump administration. indeed
"vladimir putin is super pissed because russian media is covering donald trump more than him
"donald trump embarrassed himself and the nation yet again when he hosted israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu on wednesday.and cnn host fareed zakaria blasted trump for being woefully unprepared.throughout the press conference
"given donald trump s disastrous presidential campaign and his even worse first month in the white house
"just about every journalist who was waiting took to twitter to report the incident of verbal harassment by donald trump s top adviser.as trump continues to expect and demand that the media say nothing but good thing about him and his administration
"according to what white house press secretary sean spicer said
"donald trump s slow and visibly painful meltdown over his administration (and campaign) getting caught colluding with the russian government continued thursday
"if you want to know how trump treats the press
"as trump prepares to kick off his 2020 campaign so he can avoid doing real work in the white house
"how can the israelis
"for the third time in a row
"donald trump just got humiliated with facts again by cnn.on wednesday morning
"if federal authorities discover what they are reportedly looking for
"the donald trump administration is beginning to represent an 80s horror film   the leak is coming from inside the (white) house and at least one is coming from one of trump s most trusted people
"when alleged president donald trump doesn t like unfavorable coverage
"after perhaps the worst day in presidential history
"donald trump continues to be a national embarrassment who is making our country less safe.at mar-a-lago over the weekend
"corey lewandowski was donald trump s right hand man up until the undeserving potus decided to fire him from his position as campaign manager. even after being rejected by trump
 bans her from show"
 promises to put him in jail"
 cnn’s chris cuomo just shut him down perfectly (video)"
"donald trump has been nothing but a disaster since taking office nearly four weeks ago and now even republicans want him impeached.of particular concern is trump s ties with russia and his assaults on the free press and the judicial branch.trump seems to fancy himself a king and republicans in congress are gleefully treating him that way instead of doing their public duty to protect this country from threats like him.well
"donald trump kicked off his wednesday morning by launching into another insane rant about  fake news
"while trump is busy claiming that the real news stories are all the leaks coming from the white house
"it s been a very
"donald trump may want to rethink his  wall  idea because his entire presidency is crumbling down around him. with kellyanne conway on her way out the door because she advertised his daughter s goods during a fox news interview and michael flynn getting caught secretly talking sanctions with the russian ambassador and sean spicer just being sean spicer
"a scant few republicans on capitol hill want investigations into michael flynn s ties to russia
"on tuesday afternoon
"russia is testing how far donald trump will let them go and they are going frighteningly far.the russian government has been cheering ever since they helped get their puppet in the white house.trump has signaled that he may pull the united states out of nato
"kellyanne conway just embarrassed herself again while also demonstrating just how cozy the trump administration is with white nationalists.it may be valentine s day
"after evidence surfaced that suggested russia had blackmail-worthy dirt on trump s national security adviser
"unwilling to do the right thing himself
"white house press secretary sean spicer told reporters that donald trump is tough on russia
"it s mind baffling that donald trump still hasn t learned not to make stupid comments on twitter
 says what we’re all thinking (video)"
"after years of investigating hillary clinton over benghazi despite her resignation
"donald trump better watch out because news organizations aren t going to take being called  fake news  anymore.if the daily sentinel files a defamation lawsuit against a republican colorado state senator it could trigger an avalanche of lawsuits by news organizations across the country.on wednesday
"following michael flynn s resignation after he was busted lying about the nature of his conversations with the russians
"donald trump s national security adviser michael flynn has resigned in disgrace
"no matter what you think of former first lady
"reality tv star omarosa manigault has found herself a pretty sweet position in the trump administration as the director of communications for the office of public liason   but like all of trump s team
"michael flynn s sudden resignation in the wake of a growing scandal that he was in contact with russia over the sanctions we slapped on them probably surprised absolutely no one   except perhaps those who think donald trump is perfect. flynn recently admitted that he  may have  discussed those sanctions with russia
"donald trump and his entire administration seem to be nothing more than russian stooges. and no
"what is with the gop accusing protesters of being paid to protest their events? do they think it s impossible that so many people are actually upset? maybe they re taking lessons from donald trump on that issue.last week
"during a brief photo-op in the oval office
 what he wants them to do is shameful (tweets)"
 brags about election win in joint press conference with trudeau (video)"
"one of the guests at what trump calls the  winter white house    his private business in florida  really got to feel the privilege associated with being able to drop $200
"one of trump s biggest supporters just got their ass handed to them for having zero evidence of voter fraud.donald trump s lies about voter fraud imploded on monday as cnn tore apart kris kobach
"it can be said that having betsy devos as education secretary isn t only a dumb idea
"donald trump can t handle the complexity of running the white house and heads are reportedly going to roll for it.it has now been over three weeks since donald trump took over the white house and he still can t deal with all the problems that have plagued his administration. infighting
 future of our nation is in peril (details)"
"donald trump tried out a new minion on sunday in what resulted in an embarrassing and terrifying appearance on all the networks.trump adviser stephen miller
"the media is so done taking donald trump s constant abuse.as he left his florida resort on sunday
"donald trump is clearly a threat to our national security and our intelligence agents know it.in order to keep america safe
"i can only imagine that the stack of resumes on donald trump s desk is full of spelling errors
"if it weren t for the whiney phrase
"the trouble with quotes on the internet is that you don t know if they re genuine. or something. today is abraham lincoln s birthday
"donald trump s education department is pathetic now that betsy devos is in control
"trump keeps saying that  bad people
"kellyanne conway got herself into a world of sh*t when she decided to violate ethics rules on behalf of ivanka trump s business. because now ivanka is pissed.on thursday
"trump senior adviser stephen miller told abc s this week host george stephanopoulos on sunday that white house press secretary sean spicer is always  100 percent correct.  that s kind of weird since he literally fabricated a terrorist attack several times in order to defend trump s muslim ban. there is nothing spicer won t lie about to defend the alleged president.stephanopoulos said that spicer mentioned  from the podium  that  the decision by nordstrom to pull those products of ivanka trump was a direct attack on the president s policies  after the retailer pulled her clothing line due to poor sales.the abc host noted that sears and k-mart decided this week to pull trump s home furnishing lines from their websites. is that a direct attack on the president s policies
"donald trump just got his ass handed to him by mark cuban.on sunday morning
"cnn is definitely sick and tired of donald trump calling them  fake news. during an interview with erin burnett on friday
"donald trump made two claims about mark cuban that prove just how delusional and narcissistic he is.apparently
"we can expect another angry
"saturday night live handled trump spokesidiot kellyanne conway s shaky relationship with the press ever since the last of her credibility died in the bowling green massacre in the best way possible   by parodying the erotic thriller  fatal attraction. after cnn s jake tapper (beck bennett) refuses to allow her on the air because of the credibility issues presented by her just making things up   like certain nonexistent massacres   conway (kate mckinnon) ambushes him at his home. jesus
"the body of ku klux klan imperial wizard frank ancona
"donald trump s most recent secretive actions toward the press are raising a lot of eyebrows and concerns.while trump is on taxpayer-paid golf vacation in florida
 vows never to investigate trump (video)"
"when the bombshell dossier exposing donald trump s shady ties to russia became public
 this terrorist group is growing much faster (details)"
"dominican newspaper el nacional had a bit of fun with our comically inept president* when they  accidentally  used a photo of trump s arch-nemesis alec baldwin instead of our orange-skinned wannabe dictator in a recent story.the story was regarding trump s upcoming meeting with war criminal benjamin netanyahu following the united states  decision to block a palestinian official from a u.n. appointment for fear it would hurt bibi s precious little feelings. the united states was disappointed to see a letter indicating the intention to appoint the former palestinian authority prime minister to lead the un mission in libya
"washed up television personality piers morgan has had a rough 24 hours.appearing on bill maher s real time
"republicans are still pushing the lie that the affordable care act includes  death panels. back in 2009
"with their puppet firmly secured in the white house
"donald trump is totally going to lose his sh*t when he sees this.as we all know
"this is totally unpresidential behavior.throughout the campaign
"the white house
"there s a good chance that you haven t been inside either a kmart or a sears in decades. most americans haven t
 trump sent his terrorism taskforce to the midwest; why?"
"trump is still beating his  widespread voter fraud  drum
"while the entire nation is struggling with the question of who is worse
"alleged president donald trump met with japanese prime minister shinz  abe and the former reality show star showed the world what an amateur he is. welcome  to the very famous white house
"did you know that people who support donald trump s unconstitutional muslim ban are idiots? this isn t just a flippant remark about them; there s evidence   like the fact that most of them think the bowling green massacre
"donald trump s education secretary is off to a terribly embarrassing start.just a day after being confirmed by the senators she paid for after mike pence cast a tie-breaking vote
"police violence against people of color is a huge problem in america. the worst part of it is that these people almost never even make it to trial
"donald trump posted his most embarrassing attack on the new york times yet on friday.proving once again that he really should think before he tweets
"donald trump s education secretary found out how hated she is on friday.betsy devos bought her way onto trump s cabinet earlier this month after a long confirmation battle. devos nearly lost in the senate and it took a tie-breaking vote from mike pence to secure her confirmation. of course
 entire team in chaos (tweet)"
 would rather play golf at his resort"
"democratic rep. maxine waters (d-ca) got super candid when she made several bombshell statements about the future of trump s time in the white house on msnbc.in an interview
"in a desperate attempt to make steve bannon seem less like a crazed
"probably the biggest point of contention with trump s muslim ban was that it was originally written to include everyone. refugees
"things got very uncomfortable for jason chaffetz as he attended a town hall in utah thursday night.chaffetz
"almost immediately following the nov. 8 election
"while republicans seem to be content in keeping a blind eye and sitting on their hands regarding the seemingly extremely obvious violations occurring surrounding donald trump
"with the 9th circuit court ruling against the trump administration and in favor of washington state
"republicans are now gunning for the ninth circuit court in an effort to kill courts that don t have a strictly conservative viewpoint.not long after the ninth circuit court ruled against reinstating donald trump s executive order banning travel into the united states from seven countries
"on thursday
"kellyanne conway s decision to provide ivanka trump s crappy products with a  free commercial  during an appearance on fox news has already claimed its first casualty: pretty much every major system at the office of government ethics.the hill reports that the office s website was down for several hours thursday following conway s interesting and unethical mix of her boss s daughter s business interests and her own official capacity as propaganda minister. it s a wonderful line. i own some of it
"if there s one takeaway from thursday
"the rogue government twitter accounts
"white house press secretary sean spicer held a press briefing today and inadvertently just handed saturday night live new material. spicer repeatedly interrupted and talked over reporters while trying to defend alleged president donald trump. he also had to address top trump adviser kellyanne conway s blunder this morning on fox & friends in which she literally hawked ivanka s clothing line.a reporter asked about trump s attacks on a federal judge this week. part of the reason the president got elected is because he speaks his mind   he s not going to hold back when he feels passionate
"since the coronation inauguration of donald trump
 ruins meeting with insanely unpresidential rant (video)"
"the judicial branch of our government is getting sick and tired of donald trump s tirades.after trump signed an unconstitutional executive order banning travelers from seven countries from entering the united states
"kellyanne conway advertised ivanka trump s clothing and product line during a fox news interview on thursday morning. and that is expressly forbidden by federal regulations.on wednesday
"don t ask bill maher to give donald trump a chance. because he ll tell you the truth about why he won t.during a cnn town hall event that will air on thursday
 but her response will terrify them (tweets)"
"donald trump got humiliated in real time on thursday morning as cnn host chris cuomo responded to a tweet on the air.during an interview with connecticut senator richard blumenthal
"donald trump is clearly using the office of the presidency to enrich himself and his family
"when donald trump was campaigning he said something chilling
"on wednesday
"donald trump is no fan of cnn. he has repeatedly tried to discredit and delegitimize the network
"apparently
"recently
"canadians are not pleased after white house mouthpiece sean spicer refused to rule out sarah palin as donald trump s choice as ambassador to canada.during yet another disastrous press briefing
"judge neil gorsuch
"as if we didn t already have enough proof that trump s administration is full of pathological
 and it’s brilliantly brutal"
"donald trump s white house mouthpiece just desecrated an american civil rights icon to defend a racist.back in 1986
"donald trump is crazy. i don t say this flippantly. i don t say this as an insult to people who have struggled with their mental health. i also don t say this as a licensed mental health professional. but as someone who has been around a lot of people with serious mental illnesses over the years
"it is absolutely insane how much one man can screw up
"on wednesday
"ted cruz decided to smear present-day democrats as supporters of the ku klux klan in defense of jeff sessions
"sebastian gorka
"in his nearly-incoherent ravings about his muslim ban getting shut down
"donald trump should not be lashing out like this. it s embarrassing.after months of boycotts and protests
"donald trump is throwing a hissy fit because democrats are blocking many of his cabinet nominees. but he should be blaming republicans instead.trump has chosen nominees who want to destroy the departments they have been picked to lead and they are mostly unqualified to hold the positions.but those are not the only reasons why democrats are putting up a fight.for eight years
"when trump s white house released a list of terrorist attacks they say the media did not cover
"the gop likes to pretend that they have no issue with women
"jake tapper laid into kellyanne conway on tuesday over donald trump s claim that the media is covering up terrorist attacks.on monday
"donald trump may call his disaster of a raid in yemen last week a  success
"you know how white supremacists have been calling trump their  god-emperor? apparently
"another girl hurt a republican s feelings. this time
"not too long after cnn said they would no longer host kellyanne conway on their shows due to legitimate questions about her credibility (remember the bowling green massacre we all died at?)
"republicans are apparently hell-bent on destroying public education any way they can. the senate confirmed betsy devos as secretary of education in a 51-50 vote on tuesday. and as if that weren t enough
"after a texas sheriff whined about a piece of legislation
"the 2016 election has been particularly hard on relationships. social media is beginning to resemble a large echo chamber
"kellyanne conway was sent to meet with congressional staffers on capitol hill. it didn t go well.conway and boris epshteyn apparently spoke to 100 communications staffers representing republican senators to tell them what roles they are playing in the government
"in another of donald trump s whine rests
 denies he is putin’s puppet"
"according to gop congressman sean duffy
"it s no secret that hillary clinton is deeply concerned about what donald trump is doing to america. however
"donald trump is scheduled to make his first state visit to britain later this year. since the united kingdom is one of america s closest and oldest allies
"this is unseemly behavior by a first lady and it s totally unconstitutional.donald trump s wife is throwing a hissy fit because she has allegedly been prevented from personally profiting off being first lady because of a story alleging that she worked as an escort.melania trump filed a seeking $150 million from the daily mail
"donald trump accused the media of covering up terrorist attacks and promptly got his ass handed to him by anderson cooper on cnn.on monday during remarks to u.s. central command
"it s no secret to anyone not living under a rock that there is no love lost between donald trump and rosie o donnell. it s also no secret that alec baldwin s brutal and spot-on mockery of trump on saturday night live is really getting under trump s skin
 and it’s absurd (citations)"
"white house press secretary of alternative facts sean spicer tried to attack the new york times over an article detailing disorder in the west wing over the executive order banning seven predominantly muslim countries from entering the u.s. that report details that trump watches tv in his bathrobe. so naturally
 and it’s simply amazing"
 and it was unbelievably brilliant (video)"
 republicans gutted workers’ rights in yet another state (details)"
 clearly shows who the better man is"
"in a recent interview with fox news
"senate democrats had one last
"donald trump has definitely gone off the deep end this time.whenever a terrorist attack has occurred in this country or overseas
"as you may already know
"trump supporters became  triggered  after budweiser s super bowl ad that told the story of co-founder adolphus busch s journey from germany to the united states as a legal immigrant. after finding out that immigrants are responsible for their favorite wife-beatin  fuel
"after donald trump watches this ad he ll probably start saying that he likes people who weren t wounded in combat.during his presidential campaign
"among the never ending stream of trump administration lies
"kellyanne conway just got hammered with facts by cnn after she lied about why she wasn t on the network s sunday shows.first
"just like donald trump
"last week
"donald trump s admiration of vladimir putin and the tyrannical way he runs russia is very worrying to trump s friend joe scarborough.the morning joe host strongly advised that trump to put out a statement condemning the killing of journalists and political opponents. because if he doesn t
"donald trump kicked off his monday morning by tweeting something so stupid that it was necessary to check multiple times if it was a parody account. apparently
"the royal jordanian airline is celebrating donald trump s recent humiliation in style. since a federal judge recently lifted the donald s travel ban
"even though alleged president donald trump s executive order banning seven predominantly muslim countries from entering the u.s. has caused widespread panic
"more than one major retail chain has decided to drop ivanka trump s fashion line
"the super bowl had not yet begun and trump fans were already throwing a tantrum   not over something lady gaga did
"keith olbermann doesn t mince words
"the whole nation is ashamed of the open and overt exclusion and bigotry shown by donald trump
"while trump is whining up a storm on twitter about how judge james robart has made it so anyone can get into the u.s. by halting his muslim ban
"since donald trump enacted the travel ban from seven majority muslim countries last week
"republicans might have congress and the white house
"if you haven t noticed by now
"we hear a lot from republicans about how they re going to repeal the  job killing
"senator dianne feinstein went on fox news this sunday and ripped president trump a new one.pointing out the rank hypocrisy over trump s executive actions and how republicans treated president obama
"donald trump supporters who struggle to earn a paycheck continue to get screwed over and bernie sanders called trump out for it on sunday.on friday
"donald trump was blunt when he explained why he wants to gut financial regulations. so his friends can destroy the economy and get richer from doing so.in 2009
"donald trump s muslim ban is proving to be a lot more difficult and a lot less constitutional than his followers hope. while two courts in a row have struck trump down
"unable to spew her lies and excuses on cnn
"saturday night live is having a high old time ruthlessly mocking the governmental train wreck that is the fledgling
"after what seemed like an agonizingly long wait
 asks the one question we were all wondering (details)"
 and twitter is losing it (video/tweets)"
"there s no love lost between cnn and donald trump
 donald trump admitted that killing political enemies is no big deal (video)"
"this is unbelievably outrageous.republicans are literally pretending that the last eight years never happened.in february 2016
"tomi lahren appeared on real time with bill maher on friday night and got totally owned for spewing her racist bullshit.bill maher wondered if trump would have been elected president had he been black instead of white. what do you think if trump was black
 has a ‘sensitive ego’ (audio)"
"one of donald trump s most controversial campaign promises was his  total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states.  now that the power of the presidency is his
"vice president mike pence chose to appear on abc
"following a boston judge s refusal to renew the temporary stay on trump s muslim ban
"earlier in the week
"donald trump is terrible
"again
"since citizens united
"ethics? divestment? we ve known for awhile that these two words are alien to trump and his family
"on friday
"if you haven t noticed by now
"whiny white house advisor kellyanne conway does not like how the media treats her illegitimate president
"president trump has started his presidency out in the worst possible way: his inauguration turnout was dismal; his most controversial executive action has been halted; his cabinet is facing confirmation troubles; his approval rating is at an historic low; and now
"fox news insulted president obama one last time by crediting donald trump for the good january jobs report.every time a positive jobs report was released during president obama s eight years in office
"donald trump is either really desperate to make it sound like everyone loves him or he s totally delusional.because ever since inauguration day
"a vicious new law in arkansas proves that republicans are on the side of rapists.two months ago
"donald trump hasn t even been president for a month
"before most of us were awake
 say donald trump is too stupid for their show to mock (video)"
"is there some reason that the media feels the need to keep talking to kellyanne conway? one would think her time on the news shows was over when she called lies  alternative facts
"donald trump s presidency may be going great for him and his best friend vladimir putin
"republicans in hawaii punished the first female house minority leader for putting country before party.prior to and after the election
"donald trump was once a democrat
"republicans are desperately trying to fix donald trump s latest foreign affairs trainwreck. on saturday
"radio stations in multiple states have been playing yg s  fuck donald trump  song ever since the man-baby s inauguration because of a hacker. trolling level: expert. a south carolina radio station which typically plays oldies and beach music on monday said it had been hacked to play the anti-trump song
"while president trump s approval rating continues to fall to embarrassing ans unprecedented levels
 gets navy seal killed for the dumbest reason (details)"
"in what will surely send donald trump into a new twitter tirade
"donald trump s executive order barring people from entering the united states from seven countries in the middle east exposed his violation of the emoluments clause of the constitution.and a house democrat took him to task for it on thursday during a speech on the house floor.when trump signed the executive order last friday
"canadian prime minister justin trudeau is a diplomatic
"it seems the trump administration will stop at nothing to codify the religious-right s insanely narrow beliefs into law. after backing off an earlier executive order that would have legalized all manner of discrimination against lgbtq individuals
"donald trump could end up behind bars if the state of virginia holds him in contempt of court for violating a federal court order that halted parts of his muslim ban.last friday
 americans are f*cking furious (tweets)"
"on thursday
"donald trump is successfully ruining all of our relationships with other countries
"donald trump s screaming banshee kellyanne conway went on fox news to whine about democrats on thursday morning and failed to recognize the hypocrisy.throughout 2016
 gets humiliated in 14 priceless seconds"
"the state department has a special cable designed so that employees can formally protest a policy
"donald trump is getting thrashed on the internet right now for threatening a public university.milo yiannopoulos was going to speak at the university of california-berkeley on wednesday but the school chose to cancel the event after massive protests broke out on campus against the speech.yiannopoulos is a racist right-wing bully who hates strong women. he is associated with the  alt-right  movement that includes white nationalists
"alleged president donald trump has literally mocked every group of u.s. citizens during his godawful campaign and it s payback time. karma is a thing and house democrats are making sure that the fake president will have to face the very people he mocked in 2016. trump s first speech to congress will be very uncomfortable for him because democrats have launched a plot to invite guests they say will suffer under new white house policies.democrats are inviting a crowd which includes ethnic minorities
 and twitter butchers him (tweets)"
"many people have looked to donald trump s son-in-law
"trump has wasted absolutely no time letting some of our allies know what he really thinks of them. on a phone call with australian prime minister malcolm turnbull
"to protect america from terrorist threats that don t even exist
"according to white supremacist dirtbag
"last week
"ted cruz accused senator al franken of lying about jeff sessions  record on civil rights. on wednesday
"you don t have to look beyond washington to prove what we ve known for decades
"susan collins
"many people observe black history month by learning about important african-american figures in our nation s history or otherwise doing something that isn t horrible   then there are republicans
"it s the first day of black history month and donald trump was quick to celebrate it inappropriately.february is the month when our country recognizes the long history of african-americans. their achievements and struggles are america s achievements and struggles and we must recognize both to move forward and create a better future.but rather than honor black history month with the dignity it deserves
"senate republicans on wednesday took an extraordinary step to force through two of alleged president donald trump s top cabinet nominees after a boycott from democrats. republican lawmakers on the senate finance committee changed the rules so there will no longer be a requirement for democrats to be present to achieve quorum.republicans then forced through the controversial picks of rep. tom price for secretary of health and human services and steve mnuchin for secretary of treasury.democrats boycotted for very good reasons:democrats launched their boycott tuesday because they felt there were too many unanswered questions about the two nominees  possible ethics violations. they refused to participate in the process if there wouldn t be more time for vetting. when not a single democrat showed up on tuesday
 trump humiliated"
 gets his a** handed to him"
"cnn viewers will no longer be entertained by the car crash-caliber antics of trump s trailer park propaganda minister kellyanne conway. politico reports that the trump white house will be freezing out news organizations that do not  promote  his hateful agenda   and the donald s favorite  fake news  outlet is the first victim of this extremely questionable policy. we re sending surrogates to places where we think it makes sense to promote our agenda
"as donald trump continues to issue executive orders as if he is a king
"on tuesday
"with everything being so utterly chaotic under the new seeming dictatorship of donald trump
"according to white house propaganda minister sean spicer
"we all remember when justice antonin scalia died last year
 thinks christianity trumps ‘secular courts’"
"fox news couldn t wait to try to spin the quebec mosque attack. jumping on early reports
"sean spicer is doing his level best to make enemies out of the press and paint trump as a victim of the media s alarmist lies. or something. today it was about trump s muslim ban   spicer seems to be irritated that the media keeps saying  ban.  apparently
"just after donald trump was sworn in
"when it comes to how shameless the trump family seems to be
"when ellen degeneres found out that donald trump watched finding dory as his immigration ban was causing worldwide chaos
"on tuesday
 along with other children and women"
"joe scarborough says donald trump is acting like a dictator because of the way he fired acting attorney general sally yates.yates stood up to trump and refused to defend his unconstitutional executive order banning people from entering the united states if they are traveling from seven specific countries in the middle east and africa.the order violates constitutional rights and caused worldwide chaos over the weekend while sparking protests and condemnation around the globe. the acting attorney general
 makes stunning suggestion that could save us all (video)"
 drops anti-lgbt executive order after facing public outrage (details)"
 which students are taught not to do"
"virginia congressman dave brat is feeling the heat from his constituents
 gets informed that karma is a b*tch"
"acting attorney general sally yates refused to back donald trump and his bigoted muslim ban. in a move that will surprise no one ever
"ah
 christian
"donald trump is slated to visit great britain this summer
"it s not tough to imagine that nascar races have their share of donald trump s  make america great again  caps. your stereotypical nascar is a
"if there s one thing donald trump hates
 making america ‘look stupid’ (video)"
 very dangerous (details)"
"gop congressman darrell issa offered the most disgusting defense of trump s muslim ban one could imagine. during an appearance on  fake news fake news fake news  cnn monday
"there was a time when a brutal dictator would strip children from their parents
"donald trump is literally ordering the government to take two steps back for every step forward.regulations protect the american people. there are regulations that give us clean water and clean air
 demands media fire all trump critics"
"kellyanne conway tried to baffle george stephanopoulos with bullshit on monday morning and got her ass handed to her with facts.donald trump s muslim ban has caused worldwide chaos as airports across the country are detaining and blocking people traveling from seven countries
"in yet another morning rant
"everyone is rightfully outraged at the executive order signed by donald trump that has left refugees and other immigrants from seven muslim-majority countries in limbo   and even in dangers. it has ripped families apart and sent a signal around the world that america is hostile to muslims. trump s ban is unconstitutional
 and twitter lit them up (tweets)"
"donald trump should be coming to the realization that his muslim ban may have been just a step too far. but in case he needs help figuring it out
"in what can only be seen as a groundbreaking and unprecedented move
 won’t exclude lawful residents (details)"
"amidst protests all around the country against trump s muslim ban are local police departments ensuring that the protests don t get out of hand. one might think one has the right to protest anywhere as per the first amendment
 idiotically retweets satire video making fun of him"
"when it comes to how horrible donald trump has been behaving with his actions
"trump has signed a stream of executive orders stripping federal funding from international
"alleged president donald trump created worldwide chaos with his latest executive order banning muslims from entering the u.s. yes
"house democrats have had it with donald trump s unlawful muslim ban and are planning to fight back against the bigoted executive order. to make their point loud and clear
 dangerous muslim ban with full force"
"donald trump is easily the most unprepared and incompetent person to ever be elected president. his most recent outrage of course is his immigration ban on those arriving in the united states from seven muslim majority countries. that caused the nation and world to erupt in chaos
"donald trump claimed that his ban would make america safe while favoring christian refugees. he lied.on sunday
"donald trump took to twitter to defend his muslim ban on sunday morning and got his ass handed to him by pissed off americans.on friday
"donald trump just got his ass handed to him by a gold star father for signing the despicable muslim ban.kahzir khan is the father of captain humayun khan
"donald trump stooge kellyanne conway attempted to defend the unconstitutional muslim ban on sunday and failed miserably.on friday
"try not to laugh too hard at this one.apparently
"donald trump s muslim ban was one of the main focal points in his presidential campaign
"after this past week and few days that trump has been our president*
"donald trump signed an executive order on friday which enacted the muslim ban he has been promising for months. a federal judge temporarily blocked the order on saturday. but now
"attorneys are racing to the defense of a child after the little girl was detained by airport security because of the muslim ban signed by donald trump.on saturday
"cnn host poppy harlow absolutely humiliated a republican supporter of donald trump for lying about the muslim ban that trump ordered on friday.the immigration ban is currently causing chaos in the united states and around the world
"a federal judge in brooklyn
 adds him to spineless animals page (images)"
"republican congressman charlie dent represents a district with one of the largest syrian refugee populations in the country
"we liberals have known exactly who donald trump really is all along. we knew which campaign promises he intended to keep and which were just a steaming pile of bullsh*t aimed at wooing his  poorly educated  supporters. and since election day
"with donald trump writing executive orders that ban muslims from several countries
"trump and his allies expect us to dismiss the 35-page dossier that details donald trump and his team s ties to the russian government
"msnbc host joy reid was shocked when a conservative anti-choice activist openly stated that birth control should be banned.during a panel discussion on saturday
"donald trump s ban on muslims emigrating to the united states is having a negative effect on businesses and the families of employees. and the ceo of google just called him out for it.when it became clear that trump was going to sign an executive order banning muslims from entering the united states
"it s chaos all across the nation s ports of entry today
"donald trump s war on science drew a response from  the science guy  on saturday morning.trump and his team of minions are trying to stop scientists from doing research and sharing the results with the public.from the environmental protection agency to the department of energy
"bill maher is definitely not afraid of donald trump.ever since trump was sworn-in on inauguration day he has been openly whining about media reports on the size of his inauguration crowd
"donald trump is supposed to have several important phone calls with world leaders today
 might mean actual secession (details)"
"donald trump is horrible
"we know that trump wants to ban muslims from being able to enter the u.s. at all
"gallup polling recently had donald trump s approval rating at a dismal 45 percent   the lowest for any newly inaugurated president in modern american history. similarly
"donald trump has placed gag orders on multiple federal agencies
"less than a week after her father left office on a nearly historically high approval rating
"if you didn t know
"donald trump s wall is a stupid
"early this morning
 calls him a liar live on air"
 and the internet will never let him forget it (tweets)"
"on the campaign trail
"when president asterisk assured us he was assembling a crew of the  best and brightest  white people who didn t despise him and everything he stands for
 trump proves he really thinks chicago murders are hilarious"
"when trump began his disinformation campaign and then started trying to muzzle federal agencies
"donald trump s administration is already proving to be a complete and utter sh*tshow
"steve bannon has a clear
"another day in the trump administration means another day of sheer insanity.as trump begins to name ambassadors to various positions across the globe
"just when you thought you may lose all faith in humanity
"former secretary of state madeleine albright has pledged to register as a muslim should trump succeed in setting up such a registry   which he promised on the campaign trail.the 79-year-old former diplomat and czech immigrant took to twitter on wednesday to protest donald trump s executive action that bars refugee status of immigration for people from iraq
"newt gingrich
"mexican president enrique pe a nieto was scheduled to meet with trump on january 31
"this may shock you
"secretary of state rex tillerson s better get busy running the state department because the entire senior level of management officials resigned wednesday over alleged president donald trump. this is only part of the ongoing mass exodus of senior foreign service officers following trump s election.trump s team was looking for people to fill tillerson s number one and two positions as well as three officials and looking to replace the state department s undersecretary for management
 get humiliated by twitter"
 forced to tweet their complaints at him (images)"
 actual concentration camps for undocumented immigrants"
"donald trump just posted an outright lie on twitter addressed to the american people and got righteously taken to the woodshed for it.since the first day of his dictatorship
"trump won the electoral college on nov. 8. the electoral college formally voted for him on dec. 19. congress certified that vote on jan. 6. and he was sworn in on jan. 20. he won the election so why is he still beating his  i only lost the popular vote because millions voted illegally
"seriously. apparently
 trump declared civil war"
"just a few months ago
"ever since donald trump lost the popular vote in the general election by nearly 3 million votes
"in a play right out of vladimir putin s rules for dictators
"when donald trump was a running for office
 puts out ‘true
"on wednesday morning
"adding insult to injury
"donald trump just got humiliated by cnn with facts after he attacked the network on twitter.trump once again referred to cnn as  fake news  while praising fox news for having higher ratings during the inauguration ceremony.congratulations to @foxnews for being number one in inauguration ratings. they were many times higher than fake news @cnn   public is smart!  donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) january 25
"cnn talked to the man who conducted the study donald trump cited as  proof  that 3 million people voted illegally in the 2016 election and trump will not like what he said.during an interview with wolf blitzer
"it s been less than a week since donald trump took the oath of office
"if there s one thing donald trump doesn t like
"it s official. donald trump is literally trying to murder the american people.as humans
"now that the women s march successfully outnumbered president trump s pathetic inauguration (which humiliated and enraged him)
"would you die to save the president? what if it was president trump? a longtime secret service agent recently risked time in prison to promise the world that if she is all that stands between trump and a bullet
"torture is illegal in this country and the united states is bound by the united nations and the geneva convention to not commit such a war crime.but donald trump intends to sign an executive order that would open the door for the cia to use torture on detainees and reopen secret  black sites  that are used to make people disappear.according to the new york times
"donald trump has been obsessed with the fact that he lost the popular vote to hillary clinton ever since the election results came in. not satisfied with the electoral college victory that handed him the white house
"trump may be working to silence government agencies like the department of the interior
"if you haven t yet heard that fox news came out on top in ratings during donald trump s inauguration
"andrew puzder
"holy f*ckballs
"although most of america did not want donald trump to be the country s next president
 totally misses one yuge problem (images)"
"while donald trump likes to go around saying he s only going to put america first
 and americans are sick of his bullsh*t (tweets)"
 admit obama’s inauguration was bigger (video)"
 trump administration ready to dump top staffer"
"reality show star turned president donald trump has a limited vocabulary. french translators have noticed that
"on tuesday
"donald trump threw a petty hissy fit in the white house.prior to sean spicer scolding the media in the white house press room for accurately reporting on the crowd size at the inauguration
"women in texas may have to literally fight for their freedom and their lives to make sure this republican lawmaker doesn t get his way.during the presidential campaign in 2016
"a pennsylvania restaurant owner is under fire after he allegedly told a black customer that donald trump s election gives him the right to kick  n*ggers  out of his establishment. rickey lee bugg jr.
"remember that time sarah palin and pretty much her entire family got into a drunken brawl at a snowmobile company owner s birthday party? well
"many people have long suspected that trump is abusive
"trump s first few days in the white house have been tumultuous
"donald trump is apparently so upset about his inauguration s turnout
"this should come as a surprise to no one ever because alleged president donald trump has a seedy financial interest in the dakota access access pipeline. energy transfers partners
"bill o reilly can always be trusted to be a total ass
 and these numbers prove it"
"donald trump is moving the united states closer to a war with china over some tiny islands.the relationship between the united states has been cordial and peaceful for decades now
"is there any level to which trump s press secretary
"a nebraska state senator was busted previously for having cybersex on a work computer and now he s in hot water again for a retweet suggesting that protestors at a women s march weren t attractive enough to be sexually assaulted. sen. bill kintner (r) deactivated his account but because the internet is forever
"how mad is trump that millions of women made him look like a fool? mad enough to kill
"around the time same sex marriage was making headlines
"in another attempt to stifle freedom of expression
 his response is infuriating (video)"
 we need an equal rights amendment now"
 supporters devastated (video)"
"as donald trump was being sworn in as grand wizard of the united states
"a national rifle association television host went full racist on sunday to celebrate donald trump taking over the white house.in an offensive post on twitter
"people who voted for donald trump and receive medicaid are about to get some really bad news.for decades
"donald trump just promised corporate america that they ll be able to rape the environment and screw over their workers at will after his administration is done killing every regulation in the book.during a meeting with corporate executives on monday
"while trump is busy trying to convince the world that he s the most popular president in history
"after trump spokeswoman kellyanne conway had the gall to defend blatant trump administration lies as  alternative facts
"the internet has been destroying the trump administration s press secretary
"san antonio spurs coach gregg popovich is no fan of donald trump. he sharply criticized trump in the run-up to the election
"this morning
"since 1945
"caroline kennedy
"team trump is having a war on math. alleged president donald trump spoke at cia headquarters and literally lied to the u.s. intelligence agency about his inaugural crowd size. he said he  looked out
"if you ever need to know exactly how divisive donald trump has been
"even fox news knows that donald trump and his administration are making false claims about the size of the audience at the inauguration.during a press briefing on saturday
"donald trump s inauguration was one of the most disappointing in american history
"on sunday morning
"kellyanne conway tried to spin white house press secretary sean spicer s lies as  alternative facts  and got her ass handed to her by chuck todd.the impromptu press briefing came two hours after trump whined about media estimates of the inauguration crowd size during a visit at the cia.spicer lashed out at the media in an embarrassing display of how trump apparently intends to use press briefings over the next four years. yesterday
"the numbers are in
"sean spicer got off to a bit of a rocky start as white house press secretary on saturday when he embarrassed himself
"just as his press secretary
"on friday
 not that record"
"donald trump is absolutely livid that the crowd for his presidential inauguration crowd yesterday was so pathetic and small (like his hands) in comparison to the massive turnout for former president barack obama s two inaugurations.he started throwing a temper tantrum yesterday
"trump s press secretary
 threatens media for reporting accurate numbers"
"donald trump has been bragging about his inaugural address all week
"well
"donald trump thinks his inaugural address was the best ever. george will emphatically disagrees.as it became clear that trump would be the republican nominee last year
"the women s march on washington crowd blew trump s inauguration audience out of the water on saturday
"bill maher returned from break just in time for donald trump s inauguration and dedicated one of his  new rules  to the red states that have massive drug addiction problems.maher began by telling liberals that they need to stop calling trump supporters  rubes and simpletons
"what happens when the most vile
"donald trump s inaugural address received poor reviews for it s divisive and negative tone
 because reasons"
"at this point
"the white house s official website used to have lengthy pages on several topics
"donald trump hasn t even been in office for a day and he is already declaring that gay people and people of color don t matter.despite saying that he will work for all americans during his inaugural address
"if you thought it was hilarious that trump s 2020 slogan was directly lifted from a promotional poster for  the purge
"the first thing that donald trump had planned on doing upon taking office was issue a bunch of executive orders canceling a bunch of executive orders. that s one promise he s making good on already
"donald trump literally just posted the ultimate  do what i say
"donald trump delivered his inaugural address on friday
 depressing
"by now
"donald trump officially and depressingly takes over the white house today
"donald trump woke up early as usual to post some bullshit on twitter
 gives speech that will ruin trump’s inauguration day (video)"
"trump supporters sure were in for a surprise at the aptly-named  deploraball  on thursday
"apparently
 republicans
"donald trump wanted to celebrate power like a dictator
 insults abraham lincoln"
"one of the most devastated and vulnerable communities under a donald trump administration will be the lgbtq community. the 2016 gop platform is easily one of the most explicitly anti-lgbtq in history. they plan to do all they can to discriminate openly
 celebrate by spitting on migrant kids (tweet)"
"in an effort to slash $10.5 trillion in government spending over the next 10 years
"even after famously meeting with donald trump last month
"for the first time since 1988
"things got a bit uncomfortable during rick perry s confirmation hearing for a position in a department he forgot existed
"clearly
"if lewis black really does have a ticket to the inauguration
"though he is facing down six intelligence agencies  investigations into alleged illegal payments trump received from the kremlin to fund the donald s efforts to become president by any means necessary
"a former evangelical christian is ripping conservatives for repealing the affordable care act.bruce horst knows what it is like to have pre-existing conditions while trying to purchase health insurance. prior to obamacare
"seriously
"trump really needs his twitter account permanently suspended
"you can probably expect donald trump to continue his seemingly endless string of tweets about the  fake news  from a baker s dozen intelligence agencies that says that he and his friends may have been involved in some rather unethical actions involving a certain russian dictator
"with president-elect donald trump s inauguration just days away
"out of all the insane people who are part of trump s posse
"it can be said that late show host stephen colbert clearly gives no f*cks about what donald trump thinks of him. in addition
"anyone with half a brain knows that foods like fried chicken and watermelon have historically been used to disparage african americans. it s another part of our ugly history here
"donald trump claims he is writing his own inaugural address and posted an image to twitter as  proof.  the internet laughed out loud.trump looks like he is not enjoying anything that requires thinking and the image is clearly staged to once again dupe his gullible supporters into believing that he is actually writing it himself. trump also dubbed his mar-a-lago resort the  winter white house
"freelancers love entitled people
 self-congratulatory ‘fake news’ rant and gets his ass stomped by the internet"
"you ve seen the tweets and facebook comments from conservatives who prefer the affordable care act over obamacare   which are totally the same thing. what conservatives really want is for president obama s name to not be attached to his signature legislation. trump is discussing  insurance for everyone  which sounds a lot like single payer
"our children are at risk
 but it flies"
 video)"
 drops major bombshell in scathing open letter to trump (details)"
"filmmaker and activist michael moore said there is no doubt in his mind that donald trump will go through with banning muslims from the united states
 goes off in perfect pre-inauguration rant (video)"
"presidential commutations and pardons are not at all uncommon. however
"for years
"the women s march on washington started out smaller
"what if you threw a party and most of the people who would otherwise attend avoided it like a particularly virulent strain of syphilis had gone airborn in a ten-mile radius surrounding the national mall? at this point
"the boos rained down after a republican congresswoman thought she could get away with voting to strip millions of americans of their healthcare.gop rep. cathy mcmorris rodgers made an appearance at a martin luther king jr. day rally to spew bullshit about unity and how  change and progress  have come to washington dc because of donald trump.that didn t sit well with the crowd
"while donald trump officially assumes the office of president on friday
"just when you thought republicans couldn t be bigger pricks toward rep. john lewis
 doesn’t realize most are protesters"
"according to russian dictator vladimir putin
"donald trump is taking credit again for deals made by companies long before the election
"on friday
"there s one thing that trump s surrogates all share
"as time goes on
"georgia congressman john lewis is a living legend. at 76 years old
 in full panic as another performer drops out of inauguration (details)"
"apparently
"while dr. martin luther king
"as trump skips out on a planned martin luther king day visit to the new smithsonian african-american history museum after a weekend of hate-tweeting civil rights legend john lewis
"civil rights icon rep. john lewis just got support from someone donald trump fears most.after calling trump illegitimate over the weekend
"conservatives are
’ wants european union disbanded in frightening interview"
 record low"
"over the weekend donald trump has been bashing civil rights icon rep. john lewis
"donald trump has turned america into an international laughingstock and he hasn t even taken office yet.for weeks
"the thin-skinned president-elect took his angry little fingers to his twitter account to moan about saturday night live s skit this weekend. alec baldwin knows how to get under donald trump s skin and it s glorious to watch.incoming press secretary sean spicer was upset as he spoke with tamron hall and willie geist of the nbc today show monday about the comedy skit.alec baldwin returned to play the part of donald trump this weekend to hit on the 35-page dossier alleging that trump paid prostitutes to take part in golden showers at a hotel in moscow. i d like to ask you about your big russian pee-pee party
 kill protesters in north dakota"
"trump s war on the media didn t end with his election. on his planet
"rep. mike coffman (r-colorado) is one of the republicans who is dead set on repealing the affordable care act. before saturday
"donald trump once again attacked our intelligence community for spreading  fake news  on sunday
"it took donald trump all day
"donald trump
"donald trump called atlanta a  crime infested  city that is  falling apart  in response to rep. john lewis calling him illegitimate. that was a yuuuge mistake.one of america s most influential southern cities just hit back at trump for attacking the congressman who represents them in a scathing editorial on the front page of the atlanta journal-constitution on sunday.earlier this week
"after a year and half of doing nothing but dividing americans on the campaign trail
"the scots are geniuses when it comes to trolling donald trump. and this newspaper proves it.sadly
"it s apparently a new world
"star wars icon mark hamill previously mocked donald trump by reading one of the president-elect s mean-girl girl tweets using the voice of the joker. and now he s back to poke trump in the eye by mocking the president-elect s attack on actress meryl streep.most people know of mark hamill as luke skywalker in star wars but he s also a very talented voice-over actor. his voice as the joker is amazing and using his skills to mock trump is an effective tool. his newest jab at trump has gone viral on twitter and it s about the best thing you ll hear all day. am i the only one man enough to confront this #overratedflunkyloser without resorting to an ad hominem assault?  hamill tweeted along with the recording.am i the only one man enough to confront this #overratedflunkyloser without resorting to an ad hominem assault?  pic.twitter.com/ih1xnpgozm  mark hamill (@hamillhimself) january 14
"kellyanne conway
 tells her this is trump’s ‘new world’"
 his response is perfect (tweet)"
 so he claimed that democrats voted for him to make himself feel better"
 it didn’t go well for him (tweets)"
"donald trump may be decrying the documents dumped by buzzfeed as  fake news
"admit it: ever since news broke that donald trump allegedly hired a couple nice russian ladies to squat over a bed and ruin the maid s day by  draining the swamp  all over the place
"civil rights icon
"president-elect donald trump made another major mistake when he had the audacity to trash civil rights icon rep. john lewis (d-ga) just two days before martin luther king day.it all started because lewis said what many americans were thinking when he stated
 trump ‘is not a legitimate president’"
"former rnc chair michael steele did not mince words when he called out donald trump on saturday.rep. john lewis
 events
"a member of the idaho house of representatives has been punished for making absolutely offensive accusations against every female lawmaker.after rep. judy boyle was named the chair of the house agriculture committee
"after a report aired on one america news   if you haven t heard of it
 attacks civil rights icon on twitter"
"by now
 and twitter annihilates them for it (tweets)"
"georgia congressman john lewis is an american civil rights icon. he was nearly beaten to death at the infamous bloody sunday march in selma
"the week of donald trump s election
"we already know donald trump is conceited
 and conservatives absolutely lose their sh*t over her (tweets)"
"fbi director james comey on friday and other intelligence agency chiefs provided legislators with a classified briefing on russian involvement in the u.s. presidential election. that information was so damning that democrats were outraged.a number of house democrats left the confidential briefing fuming over the actions of fbi director james comey and they are now convinced that he s unfit to lead the agency.we don t know the details but we know they were unnerved when they left: i was nonjudgmental until the last 15 minutes. i no longer have that confidence in him
"just when you think things can t get any more bizarre than they already are regarding donald trump and his choices for his administration
"donald trump has been demanding that someone provide proof that the allegations that he hired some nice russian ladies to pee for him. well
 and it’s going to destroy him (details)"
"between trump s daily tantrums before i ve even had my goddamn coffee and white power barbie
"the federal election commission has issued a 250-page report on trump s campaign that appears to contain a number of campaign finance violations in the form of excessive and prohibited contributions. why does this matter now that all is said and done? from page 2 of the fec s letter: if you have received prohibited contributions
"missouri
 sexually-charged tweets (details)"
"republicans are hilarious when they try to point out democratic hypocrisy. they re even more hilarious when they fall flat on their faces with it
"for a while now
"it looks like national security pick monica crowley isn t the only plagiarist on team trump
"donald trump may deny that he hired some russian prostitutes to empty their bladders for him
"in a bit of irony
"senate republicans voted to repeal the affordable care act in the middle of the night with no replacement and donald trump is celebrating.millions of americans across the country woke up on thursday morning to discover that republicans voted to take their health care away.indeed
 voted to protect kids
"last night
"democrats stood up for the american people but republicans shouted them down and voted to strip health care from millions.senate republicans voted to repeal the affordable care act
"donald trump has nominated ben carson   an idiot in every area except that of brain surgery   to run the housing and urban development (hud) department. carson has no experience in urban development
"donald trump blew his own horn after his first press conference in six months on wednesday
"president barack obama accomplished many great things in his 8 years as president of the united states
"america s village idiot got her ass handed to her for applauding donald trump s effort to destroy our free press.when trump held his first press conference in six months on wednesday and used it to declare that cnn and buzzfeed are  fake news  sources that will  suffer consequences  under his tyrannical rule
"since cnn reported that trump and obama had been presented with an addendum to their report on russian hacking that detailed a number of harmful allegations against trump as well as evidence that his team may have been directly colluding with the russian government during the campaign   and buzzfeed showed a higher degree of journalistic integrity by dumping the full documents so the american people rather than withhold information  donald trump has been on the warpath
"wednesday evening
"it seems that in some ways at least
"donald trump gave his first press conference since being elected today. he stood on that stage and told the american people yet again that mexico was going to pay for the wall he wants to build along our southern border. but at the same time
’ much like trump’s escort service (video)"
"during donald trump s most recent press conference on wednesday
"donald trump
 with a man named ‘trump’ who wanted to build a wall (video)"
"you know how conservatives are demanding proof that donald trump paid some russian ladies for a golden shower (honestly
"no matter what you think about buzzfeed publishing a dossier of unverified information about trump
 conservatives
 will visit white house before obama leaves to celebrate world series victory"
 laughed while he called a reporter ‘fake news’ at presser (video)"
 visibly disgusted in interview (video)"
 destroys him with this one statement during farewell address (video)"
"in case you have not heard
 obama: a tribute to my great president"
 brain-melting tantrum after putin responds to the whole ‘pee’ thing (tweets)"
"get ready to explain to your children what a  golden shower  is
"if you had any doubt left about whether fbi director james comey intentionally helped trump during the time leading up to the election
"actress gabrielle union did not hold back after the ladies of  the view  asked her to comment on donald trump s attack on meryl streep.joy behar wanted to hear what union thought about streep s speech at the golden globes
 and he’s right (video)"
 will meet with top anti-vaxxer to discuss vaccines"
"this is how far republicans will go to protect a racist in their party.thirty years after congress rejected jeff sessions  nomination as a federal judge
"another day
"conservative columnist monica crowley is set for a top role in donald trump s administration and it s just been revealed that she plagiarized a massive portion of her 2012 book
"george clooney is tired of donald trump s obsession with attacking people who criticize him.during the golden globe awards on sunday night
"alabama senator jeff sessions
"trump spokeswoman and walking stump katrina pierson responded to how she thinks liberals reacted to jeff sessions claiming he will follow the constitution on monday with perhaps the dumbest thing that will disgrace twitter this week
"donald trump is getting nothing but bad news when it comes to finding performers willing to degrade themselves at his inauguration.earlier today
"the differences between president barack obama and donald trump couldn t be greater and more obvious   and that s why americans all over the country are mourning the end of obama s second term
 brilliantly puts him on blast (tweets)"
"donald trump is now so desperate to improve his shattered image that he s trying to improve it by attaching himself to ronald reagan.before he turned in for the night on monday
 so she told him to go f*ck himself (tweets)"
"donald trump disgusted thousands of americans when he mocked the disabled man. meryl streep was definitely one of them
"many republicans in congressional leadership are touting their idiotic  repeal and delay  plan as the perfect way to repeal the aca without kicking millions off their insurance plans. people like mitch mcconnell are already acting like it s done deal. people like paul ryan think things like tax-free health savings accounts are the answer to our healthcare woes. trump himself has said he wants the repeal to happen as soon as possible. so it should be a foregone conclusion that all of this is happening in the very near future.except it might not.republicans need 50 votes in the senate to pass their repeal. they have 52 seats. if they lose three votes
"it what can only be seen as a situation where you want to feel bad for a person
"donald trump has chosen the worst of the worst to serve in his cabinet and republicans are trying to rush his nominees through before they have even been properly vetted. four of the nine nominees with confirmation hearings scheduled for this week have yet to complete the ethics review.last week
"in trump s new america
"there s a man who s been permanently banned from twitter for threats and harassment
"president-elect donald trump is currently trying to drown out all his insecurities after meryl streep absolutely gutted him in her golden globes speech on sunday night. so far
 and it’s treasonous as f*ck (video)"
"by now you have seen
"donald trump tried to take credit for fiat chrysler s announcement that they will be creating 2
"the nation s nuclear arsenal is going to be even more difficult to maintain because donald trump just ordered the top people at the national nuclear security administration to resign immediately.donald trump has previously claimed that he wants to ignite a nuclear arms race and expand america s nuclear arsenal
"trump supporter and fox host stuart varney has finally had enough if trump s petty twitter insults.donald trump s attack on meryl streep was a step too far for fox business host stuart varney and his guests on monday.during the golden globe awards on sunday night
"meryl streep made a white grievance queen explode on sunday night.donald trump waited until the next morning to lash out at the legendary actress
"meryl streep and viola davis weren t the only ones who blasted donald trump at the golden globes.dr. gregory house
"as meryl streep delivered a smack down for the ages aimed at donald trump
"on sunday night
"he went there. we all knew he d go there
"here s a news flash for donald trump: mexico won t be paying for his racist little wall   not now
"republicans are in for a long four years if they think progressives like meryl streep are going to stay silent. moments after giving her impassioned speech against donald trump (in which she never mentioned his name)
"viola davis said that the issue of racial tensions in america now that donald trump has been elected really boils down to one fundamental question
"meryl streep is an accomplished actress
"on the red carpet at sunday s golden globe awards
"poor sean hannity has had to struggle so hard to get respect. on the cable news network that promotes anti-intellectualism
"tonight s the night of the golden globe awards
"s.c. senator lindsey graham has been a shining beacon in the republican party when it comes to the russian hacking scandal. he knows that no matter what party it benefited
"you know
 and something’s fishy"
"the president says he doesn t think obamacare is going anywhere just yet. in an interview on abc s this week
"the liberal  third-world hell hole  (as ann coulter calls it) that is california has some of the strictest gun-control laws in the united states
"martin shkreli is a creep   and not just because he raised the price of a life-saving medication astronomically then spent every waking hour snarkily defending that awful decision or any of the other bazillion terrible things he has done that have previously made headlines. shreli finally did something so horrible that even twitter couldn t tolerate it. joining the ranks of white supremacist right-wing trolls milo yiannopolos and charles johnson 
"if there is one thing that is certain
"donald trump probably should have just let this one fly under the radar instead of publicly bragging about it like it s the best news ever.former president george w. bush is considered one of the worst presidents in american history. his policies dragged america into two wars in the middle east
"sean spicer is the former communications man for the republican national committee. he will also be joining the communications team for the upcoming trump administration
"cnn host jake tapper went nuclear on kellyanne conway this sunday.the intelligence community has confirmed that vladimir putin ordered russian hackers to interfere with our election to help donald trump win. through propaganda and documents stolen from the dnc
"unfortunately
 and it’s epic (audio)"
"for the first time in our lives
"as we get ready for the most bigotry-fueled
"mark zuckerberg
000-muslim mob attack story"
"a lot can be said for trump s cabinet picks. they are the richest of the rich
"republicans are lying when they claim to be  fiscally conservative
"house speaker paul ryan is a snake
"donald trump just unleashed an attack on any and all americans who have a problem with his cozy relationship with putin. sure
"while on the campaign trail
"as president obama prepares to leave office
"as you know
"unless you ve been living under a rock
 calls trump after fort lauderdale mass shooting"
"donald trump is upset at the intelligence agencies and their continued findings showing that russia had a role in hacking and propaganda designed to help him win the 2016 presidential election. trump has expressed a desire to simply move on past this important
"the xenophobic white supremacists
"president-elect donald trump s denial of russia s involvement in the us election is disturbing enough
"if you or your conservative friends
"things got heated on  the view  on friday between whoopi goldberg and jedediah bila on the subject of planned parenthood
"uh oh
"tomi lahren literally thinks the beating of a white teen in chicago is the equivalent of nine black churchgoers who were murdered in charleston
 twitter mocks his petulant insecurity"
"on friday
"a secret report from u.s. intelligence agencies
 not mexico
"president-elect donald trump s massive swamp now has a russian accent. it s so bad that even a fox news host called him out for siding with a hostile foreign government over u.s. intelligence agencies. and now
"well
"joe biden is an adult
 and it’s pretty startling (image)"
"donald trump s refusal to believe our nation s top intelligence agencies about russian interference in our election is even causing fox news to turn on him.for more than a month
"as president-elect donald trump continues to dismiss the intelligence community s multiple reports on russia s meddling in the u.s. election
"a california fast-food ceo has seen the light
"house republicans have taken their first step towards repealing obamacare
"donald trump is set to take office as president of the united states in just 15 days
"it s only been a couple days since republicans received massive backlash for trying to gut the office of congressional ethics. not they are doing something just as despicable.republicans hate federal workers and donald trump s team has been leading a witch hunt demanding names of federal workers who work on climate change and lgbt issues. clearly
"not long after news broke that four black teens tortured a white disabled man in chicago
"republicans treated president obama like shit and he never attacked them like donald trump is attacking democrats.despite all his calls for unity and bipartisanship
"a new report shows that we have at least 50 electors who were ineligible to cast their votes on dec. 19. as a result
"house republicans have long since made clear their dislike and disdain of the united nations. some of them seem to buy into conspiracy theories that the u.n. is trying to take our sovereignty away from us. others are just idiots
"donald trump once said that he loves  the poorly educated
"james wood
"karma is a bitch and senate majority leader mitch mcconnell is learning that the hard way.for nearly a year
 but only some people"
"donald trump s tweets just became the club progressives like bernie sanders are going to use to hammer him with over the next four years.it s no secret that trump is obsessed with spewing all kinds of bullshit on twitter
 in-your-face move on russian hacking scandal"
"legendary reporter dan rather has commented on the ridiculous antics of president-elect donald trump before
"republican congresswoman marsha blackburn (tn) decided to launch an online poll to ask
"the u.s. senate has just passed a budget resolution that will officially begin the process of repealing the affordable care act. the measure
 ego-fueled tweet"
 tells women they have no choice"
 whom she once called a ‘terrorist’"
 real civil rights lawyers crush him"
"donald trump tweeted out yet another defense of putin on wednesday
"the naacp staged a sit-in at the office of alabama sen. jeff sessions on tuesday to protest his nomination for u.s. attorney general. as a result
"on tuesday
"just when you thought you couldn t love vice president joe biden more
"the situation that 17-year old ahmed khalifa saw was disgusting. he was on board a brooklyn subway train
"after having to endure donald trump s disastrous presidential campaign and having to basically hold his hand every single day after the election
"trump s team is working very hard to accommodate the narcissist in chief on everything
"a chandler
"if you haven t heard by now
"a sit-in staged by the naacp is currently underway at the office of sen. jeff sessions in protest of donald trump s decision to nominate him as u.s. attorney general despite his racist past.protesters say they will continue the sit-in at sessions  mobile
"house republicans tried to pave the way for rampant crime and corruption by voting to gut the office of congressional ethics in a secret meeting
 humiliates them for trying to weaken ethics office (tweets)"
 and it could destroy the network"
"donald trump is attacking obamacare instead of the greedy insurance companies who are jacking up the price of coverage
"donald trump just attacked an american car company and got humiliated in response.in his first tweet of the day on tuesday
"donald trump is a madman putting our nation on the brink of world war iii and he isn t even in office yet.in a pair of tweets on monday afternoon
"house republicans just made it clear that they are for sale and intend to put ethics aside during donald trump s reign in the white house.on monday night
"the election of former reality television star donald trump stirred up a variety of emotions in american voters   and most of them were bad. everyone that voted against trump   which was the majority of americans   likely felt combinations of disbelief
"yesterday
"the president-elect on monday took issue with a photo of himself used by cnn for the cover of its book about the 2016 election. donald trump took to twitter to write
"it s been two months since the 2016 election took place but donald trump refuses to stop whining about the results.trump posted on twitter claiming that the media is saying that he thought he was going to lose as election day approached. and it certainly looked like he was going to lose as just about every poll had trump trailing hillary clinton. but as we all know
"even though donald trump projects his own narcissistic confidence that he ll be a great president
 demands that mayor let him handle it (details)"
"the former labor secretary penned a short message aimed at donald trump on monday
"despite claims to the contrary
"if you thought richard nixon was bad
"if you voted for trump hoping for financial prosperity
"donald trump s team certainly doesn t make it easy for the people who have to interview them. in a typical interview with trump s team
"americans are getting sick of donald trump and his campaign slogan.trump remained silent on the first day of the new year but returned to twitter on monday to once again declare that he will  make america great again  in all caps.well
"trump is not one for giving respect to anyone who actually deserves it. he claims he s just not  politically correct
"donald trump rang in the new year by already making a profit from the public office of the presidency
"you can often figure a lot out about a person by what they pay attention to
"donald trump wished americans a happy new year by referring to millions of them as his enemies. and then there s president obama
 russia"
"donald trump is a consummate liar. he lies so much that it appears that his strategy is to tell enough lies that there s no way the media fact checkers can keep up. well
"donald trump s strained relationship with the media has been nothing but problematic from the start. the president-elect has openly attacked the press countless times
"one of the first things donald trump did after winning the presidential election was to completely crush decades of diplomatic policy with china
"republicans are poised to take healthcare away from millions of americans
"kansas  economy is imploding
"if donald trump wants to have a good relationship with the press he can start by apologizing for bullying them.but until he does
"donald trump is now saying that he knows more about computer hacking than the experts at the cia and our other intelligence agencies.during an interview with the new york times prior to a new year s eve party at mar-a-lago
"if donald trump had sent proper new year s greetings to the american people to begin with
"donald trump isn t used to being criticized
"donald trump threw a party to celebrate the new year
"a former top aide to donald trump makes an alarming reference to the safety of american troops in a letter sent to senator john mccain. in the note
 including guns"
"when most presidents in the past have sent a message leading into the new year
"president obama is obviously disappointed that donald trump
"cnn host kate bolduan sat quietly as a conservative radio host lied his ass off during an interview and then humiliated him so bad he was nearly speechless.on friday
 we are stronger together (video)"
"in case you are unaware (because donald trump is)
"if it weren t for the electoral college
"as president obama is threatening and acting out on retaliation for russia s hack of the united states election
"trump and his whole team should be disqualified from the presidency after this.donald trump continued sucking up to russia on friday by openly siding with russia and vladimir putin over news outlets in the united states while singling out fox news as the lone media outlet that has sold out america in support of trump and his russian friends.russians are playing @cnn and @nbcnews for such fools   funny to watch
"john dean knows something about corruption. he was the white house council for richard nixon during the watergate scandal. he was even prosecuted for his part. that s why we should heed his warnings about donald trump
"recently
"years ago
"the party of rape is at it again.republicans are drunk with power and the impending inauguration of a sexual predator has emboldened them to target the strong campus rape rules that universities have been implementing since 2011.north carolina gop rep. mark meadows even wrote a list of 300 rules he wants donald trump to repeal in his first 100 days in office
"this is an epic rant that will enrage trump supporters
"when former tea party congressman joe walsh decided to lash out at president obama over a u.n. resolution condemning illegal israeli settlements
"sarah palin opened her mouth again and people quickly corrected her stupidity.ever since the united nations passed a resolution rightfully condemning israel s continued refusal to stop building new settlements on palestinian land
"trump supporters are furious after a member of the choir took a courageous stand.donald trump and his team have been desperately searching for talent to perform at his inauguration on january 20th with very little success. so far
"donald trump and his deplorable supporters are going to lose their shit when they hear about this.since 1960
"kellyanne conway is not taking russian interference in our political process seriously
"the buffalo school board refuses to tolerate racism from one of their own members
"the liberal billionaire donor just called out donald trump for being a  con artist  who threatens democracy.conservatives fear george soros. for decades they have painted him as the bad guy who somehow controls the government behind the scenes.it s a right-wing tall tale
"the obama administration is finally taking action after russia interfered in the presidential election. the white house has announced that 35 intelligence operatives are being ejected from the country. in addition
 gets owned by auschwitz museum"
"on thursday
"there s no shortage of con artists and assorted corrupt types surrounding donald trump. after all
 twitter practically explodes (tweets)"
 goes after united nations in unprecedented disrespectful rant (video)"
"apparently
"the majority of the country doesn t want donald trump as our president. a-list celebrities and even marching bands don t want to perform at his inauguration. and now
"while it s certainly not true that donald trump will have the least diverse cabinet in history. hell
 overtime pay
"if there s one thing that  put the stupidity of donald trump s idiot supporters (and
"barring something completely unforeseen
 says what no republican has the balls to about the gop (tweets)"
"it would be a great sight to behold if a new york city police officer were ordered to place donald trump in handcuffs. people would cheer.and it could happen if new york state attorney general eric schneiderman has enough evidence to charge trump with crimes related to his fraudulent  charity. the trump foundation is currently under investigation for self-dealing
"donald trump just got burned for using twitter so much.during an appearance on msnbc with lawrence o donnell
"get ready for the donald trump temper tantrum on twitter.for the ninth consecutive year
"at this point
"teen vogue writer
"donald trump just had his narcissistic ass handed to him on twitter for taking credit for something that he had absolutely nothing to do with.christmas came and went and the holiday season helped boost the economy as it usually does
"donald trump has made it clear that he has a very large place in his heart for vladimir putin
"donald trump is still using his twitter account to push big
"donald trump can t let it go. a broken and antiquated system that exists solely to benefit slave-owning states by increasing the value of their residents  votes while devaluing everyone else s   the electoral college   allowed him to become president despite his opponent trouncing him in the popular vote
"the cia
"while pundits have been busily dissecting exactly what went wrong for hillary clinton in the 2016 election
"carl paladino
 and it’s hilarious (images)"
"when you get caught cheating
"another racist just found out the hard way that racism will result in unemployment.pamela taylor thought she could get away with insulting first lady michelle obama without consequences.last month
"if this becomes a republican strategy across the country
"apparently
"despite having to deal with an absolute imbecile as her challenger for several months
 trump is pissed (video)"
"donald trump needs to stop whining before someone puts him over their knee.in addition to claiming that s he s the reason why the stock market rose after christmas and complaining about the united nations
"americans have been spending well over $2 trillion on christmas since at least 2000
"president obama pretty much trolled donald trump earlier by saying that he could have defeated the alleged billionaire and former reality show star. obama spoke of his hope and change campaign and confirmed what we all know already.  his insight was that we just have to say  no  to that then that will puncture the balloon
"the election of former reality television star donald trump has many people   democrats and republicans alike   upset that our country will soon be led by a complete moron with zero experience and an unpredictable temper. now that we re facing a trump administration
"by winning the presidency
"president barack obama only has a few short weeks left in the white house
"carl paladino s racism against president obama and first lady michelle obama is so bad that his own son just publicly denounced him.last week
"it s no secret that donald trump has some kind of boy crush on russian president vladimir putin. despite the fact that putin is nothing more than a dictator and a murderer
"it s still more than three weeks before the incoming trump administration is set to take office
 president obama shows him how to do it right"
"the republican national committee released a bizarre christmas statement comparing president-elect donald trump to a  king.  we can recall all those times conservatives mocked our president
"a&e decided to just scrap its previously upcoming documentary series  escaping the kkk    once called the more friendly  generation kkk  before the avalanche of complaints   after learning that the klansmen and women in question were paid to take part in it.in a statement released saturday
"donald trump must be feeling pretty damn humiliated right about now.it s one thing to call out the media for getting something wrong
"former president george h. w. bush can teach donald trump a thing or two about handling conflicts of interest.as january 20th approaches
"the whole world is laughing at us after we kinda-sorta elected (since the opinion of the majority of americans are meaningless under our current electoral system
"remember when jon stewart humiliated tucker carlson on his own show many years ago? well
"several white supremacist hate groups have been able to exploit federal law and raised millions while disguising themselves as charities
"white racists launched a war against state farm insurance company for posting an image of a black man proposing to a white woman.who said yes??cheers to the newly engaged this holiday season! be sure to #protectthebling!  pic.twitter.com/nuocavvq7j  state farm (@statefarm) december 21
"fears of purges of personnel based on ideology have now reached the state department and the department of homeland security after a new
"donald trump s ties to vladimir putin have been questioned again and again
"if donald trump wanted people to think he isn t joined at the hip to russian president vladimir putin
 gives him perfect nickname in the process (tweet)"
 refuses to abide by terms like a true tyrant"
"the twitter war between donald trump and alec baldwin just escalated.as we all know
"on new jersey 101.5
"donald trump just got his ass handed to him by chrissy teigen.on thursday
"legendary news anchor dan rather just gave us a new name to use when referring to those who deny climate change and facts in general.as we all know
"with no one wanting to perform for donald trump at the inauguration
"in case you haven t heard
"trump s inauguration is becoming one of the biggest jokes in presidential history
"on thursday
"rachel maddow just pounded kellyanne conway
"while donald trump is currently freaking out because he hasn t been able to find anyone to perform at his inauguration (which is just a few short weeks away at this point)
"news broke on thursday that donald trump had actually taken his president s daily briefing two days in a row. how in the hell did this end up being news? the answer is simple: because the man we have chosen to run this country is too stupid to know just how stupid he is. he s so stupid he thinks he s too smart to get intel briefings.trump has come under fire for refusing to get his daily intelligence briefings. his defense is that he s a really smart guy and the pdb is like
 and gets burned"
"the national school lunch program that provides healthy free or reduced meals for children in need has joined social security
"republicans say trump won because of the  economic anxiety.  republicans say the democrats ignored the white working class in rust-belt america. republicans say the democrats ignored manufacturing jobs and shipped them overseas thanks to trade deals.only the facts are just the opposite.as president obama prepares to leave office
"in what can only be described as a proof of life video
"donald trump was really looking forward to using a dormant regulation as the basis for his muslim registry. while the donald planned to resurrect the bush-era national entry-exit registration system (nseers)   a program that was condemned heavily for targeting muslims   obama decided that he might as well just eliminate it before trump can make good on his promise to bring it back.on thursday
"donald trump
"donald trump is insane.in yet another tweet demonstrating that he is poised to wipe out humanity
"keith olbermann did not mince words. the end of social security is near because of donald trump.trump supporters are living in a fantasy land if they really believe trump and the republican congress are going to protect social security.for decades
"over the years
 cop shows up and attacks her (video)"
"when a  charitable  foundation offers access to a public official in exchange for large donations it s called pay-for-play.throughout the 2016 campaign
"donald trump is desperately trying to find a-list entertainers to perform at his inauguration in january. trump s friend
"the history channel has spoken and donald trump s deplorable supporters didn t like the facts one little bit.the 2016 election was by far one of the most disappointing in american history
 gets schooled by immigrant cnn host"
"fox news worked for eight years to vilify president obama in any way they could
"conservatives radio host and all-around terrible
"donald trump may have campaigned on a promise to bring back jobs
"donald trump
"it s no secret that trump s  drain the swamp  shtick was just that -b.s. since being elected last month
 disgraced justice roy moore"
"the 6th district court in ohio ruled on monday that if a cop comes to your home
"it s going to be a long four years if donald trump is going to keep threatening anyone who says something bad about him.just imagine if president obama had filed defamation lawsuits against every conservative who ever called him the n-word. republicans would have thrown a giant temper tantrum.but donald trump is apparently going to try to silence people by threatening them with lawsuits
"republicans are spineless cowards.if you want to know why many republicans have been avoiding saying anything critical about donald trump
"it s no secret that donald trump isn t a fan of wind farms
"now that trump is officially going to be the next president of the united states
"the whiner-in-chief struck again with yet another early morning twitter tantrum.donald trump can t handle the fact that he lost the popular vote
"on tuesday night
"trump can t pick good people to save his life. he s got a paranoid lunatic for the national security council
"the name donald trump will get women $45 to buy birth control   at least that s the promotion being offered by a new startup app called nurx
"in a move that is seemingly being done as a preemptive strike against donald trump s administration and his clear love for the oil industry
"donald trump has made many promises to the working class citizen. he promised he d side with them through it all and the he would make the working class thrive. trump said he d make the middle class of america great and make our economy better than ever by destroying the corruption within the white house and wall street. well
"president-elect donald trump loves bragging about two things: things he doesn t deserve and things that aren t true. he kills two birds with one stone when he boasts about his  landslide  win
"every single time donald trump makes an absurd statement
"donald trump responded to the seizure of an american underwater drone the way he responds to everything: by going off half-cocked on twitter. however
"donald trump has seriously insulted our intelligence community and his continuing refusal to listen to them is putting america at risk.just ask j.c. carleson
"this is despicable and morbid.donald trump has clearly chosen a piece of human excrement as his secretary of treasury.former goldman sachs executive and hedge fund manager steven mnuchin has been heavily and rightfully criticized ever since trump made the announcement. not only did mnuchin s onewest bank fail to disperse desperately needed hurricane sandy to people affected by the disaster
"donald trump turned a tragedy into an opportunity to do some heavy fear mongering after news broke that a truck had driven into a christmas market in berlin
"once again
"a white idaho teen was facing life in prison for a horrific sexual attack on a black teammate with mental disabilities that makes the  butter rape  scene in  last tango in paris  seem downright tame.on october 23
"on monday
"sarah palin has said a lot of stupid things over the years but she definitely defended her america s village idiot crown with this one.the new york times is looking to cut costs by vacating eight floors at their current headquarters to generate rental revenue and create a better work environment. of course
"donald trump insists that he doesn t have to divest or sell his business empire to be president
"on monday obama used his clemency powers to grant 78 pardons and 158 commutations according to the white house
"when the affordable care act was in deliberation
"the kuwaiti embassy in washington
 and here’s how it went"
"president-elect donald trump said he isn t interested in featuring a-list entertainers at his inauguration and a source told tmz the event would be  strictly traditional.  that s kind of hilarious on several levels. for one
"the national fraternal order of police knows exactly what the president-elect s values are and knows it s a massive advantage in its quest to return america to a less progressive time.with full knowledge that donald trump does not give a damn about minorities and is in full support of profiling african americans and hispanics
"bill clinton finally spoke up about donald trump
"north carolina is stuck in the past and the city of charlotte just sold out to join the rest of the state.ever since the charlotte city council voted for a non-discrimination ordinance to protect lgbt people
"despite how publicly and widely reported hillary clinton s win of the popular vote has been over the last several weeks
"anybody who says conservatives always treated the obama family with dignity and respect deserve to be smacked hard to jog their memory.because ever since donald trump was elected
"you know lies have gotten out of control when a man who helped orchestrate the iraq wars
"if you listened to republicans and conservatives
"conservatives are downright furious after saturday night live s michael che cracked a joke likening tangerine sh*tgibbon donald trump to a monkey with a machine gun. no
 accuses them of threatening democracy (video)"
"if sarah palin really cares about children with disabilities she ll stand up for them in texas.because texas republicans just initiated a major $350 million cut in medicaid funding that federal agencies warn will particularly hurt children with autism and other disabilities.according to the herald democrat
"donald trump is a snake oil salesman. anyone who paid attention during the election knows that
 and it’s not who you think"
"recently
"it turns out that rex tillerson s ties to russia are even deeper than previously known.last week
"donald trump s desperate effort to make people ignore the fact that russia helped him win the election runs contrary to american values and van jones ripped him for it.during a panel discussion on cnn this sunday about trump s reaction to russian interference with our political process
"reality show star turned president-elect donald trump earned himself  lie of the year  by politifact and he s broken almost every campaign promise before being sworn in. the swamp is being filled with terrifying creatures
 wants him to vacate trump tower (details)"
"fox news banshee jeanine pirro threw a hissy fit this weekend because first lady michelle obama correctly stated how most people feel since donald trump became president-elect.on friday
 and this is how trump replied"
"remember that cute scene in the movie love actually when the walking dead s andrew lincoln declares his love for keira knightley using a series of clever cue cards? well
"donald trump is not going to like this one bit.saturday night live delivered a christmas episode this week
"donald trump just proved once again that he is unfit to be president.earlier this week
"there s a major problem with trump considering ivanka and her husband
"three professors of psychiatry have just come forward with a letter directly addressed to president barack obama that expresses their concerns that donald trump is not mentally healthy enough to be the next president of the united states.the letter was written by judith herman
"donald trump is desperate to find singers to perform at his inauguration ceremony
"donald trump is going to throw a temper tantrum tonight.it s been a couple weeks since trump embarrassed himself by attacking saturday night live and alec baldwin over a cold-open mocking him for obsessing with twitter instead of listening to national security briefings. just tried watching saturday night live   unwatchable!  trump whined.  totally biased
"while donald trump was on the campaign trail he blasted the bush administration
"republicans who defend russia and vladimir putin are disgraces to our country.ever since the cia and 17 other intelligence agencies concluded that russia interfered with our election to help donald trump become president
"this is the kind of power grab that justifies armed rebellion.the north carolina gubernatorial race was a close win for democrat roy cooper but a win nonetheless even though his republican opponent pat mccrory challenged the results in every way possible to hang onto power.and because cooper won
"it s no secret that there is no love lost between donald trump and the media. however
"donald trump s supporters are vicious and violent   a fact the incoming president-elect has traditionally refused to acknowledge even after two of his fans beat a hispanic homeless man (and u.s. citizen) to death s door with a pipe and then urinated on him (trump called those men  passionate  gentlemen who want to  make america great again ) or when they beat up random african-americans at his rallies (he offered to pay their legal fees).yes
"at this point
"newsweek s kurt eichenwald
"reports are surfacing that cnbc s larry kudlow is on the short list of candidates for chairman the council of economic advisers
"members of the electoral college will not be receiving any further intelligence regarding russia s interference in the presidential election before they cast their votes. according to a report by npr
"if someone had called ronald reagan un-american for taking on russia
 trump has no more excuses"
"donald trump sure is whining a lot in defense of russia. in fact
"donald trump supporter scott baio has filed a police report against the wife of the red hot chili peppers drummer chad smith. according to tmz
"everyone had their suspicions as to the timing of fbi director james comey s letter regarding hillary clinton s email server that he later rescinded in relation to the election. in addition
 insults his own supporters at ‘victory’ rally (video)"
"kayleigh mceneny wanted an answer and she got one that compelled her to finally stop talking.president obama and the democrats along with a few republicans are taking russian interference in our political process seriously while donald trump continues to defend his buddy vladimir putin.in fact
"ivanka trump is going to be donald trump s first lady so the internet is treating her the way conservatives have treated michelle obama for the last eight years
"vladimir putin s name used to be mud with the majority of americans. americans  opinion of the russian leader have traditionally been lukewarm. but ever since putin spearheaded a campaign to   at trump s request   hack the u.s. president-elect s political enemies and spread poisonous political propaganda demonizing hillary clinton
 trump and putin are terrified (video)"
"the double-talk that spews forth from king cheeto s mouth is astonishing
"if donald trump thinks he can use the presidency to make business deals for himself and his family
"even though trump appears to have softened his own position on the idea that climate change is a  hoax perpetrated by the chinese
"the electoral college should tell donald trump and his deplorable supporters to go f*ck themselves.the electoral college convenes on december 19th to cast their votes for president. and it will only take 38 of them to cast their votes against trump to prevent him from taking office.you see
"as we get closer to the day when trump must take office
"in retaliation for losing the north carolina governor s race
"when trump promised to  drain the swamp
"donald trump has long had a contentious relationship with the press. he cannot stand to be criticized
"ever since donald trump came on the scene
"trump s current national security adviser
 so he’s doing this"
"it s no secret that russia was behind the election hacks of donald trump s political opponents with the express goal of getting donald trump elected as well as mobilizing a kremlin-funded  troll army  to pose as trump supporters and spread propaganda on his behalf. but it s almost inconceivable that vladimir putin actually got his own hands dirty   or is it?intelligence official now report that vladimir putin was not only aware of the attacks on our election (and more specifically
"conservative political analyst (and all around vile human being) ann coulter has decided that in the wake of the whole fiasco with russia interfering in our election
"december 19th could be the day 38 electors step up to courageously save our nation from the insanity of donald trump.on that day
"one of donald trump s main tools as a businessman has always been our court systems. over the year
"just a few days ago
"we can probably expect more donald trump lackies to be hit with ethics violations over the next four years.south carolina gop state rep. jim merrill was hired by trump in 2015 to serve as an adviser for his campaign in the notoriously conservative state.predictably
"this is disgraceful and totally un-american.ronald reagan is rolling in his grave after a new poll revealed that republicans now see russia as our friend and admire vladimir putin far more than we did just two years ago.a yougov/economist poll released in december shows that putin s favorability has soared by 56 points among republicans
"donald trump announced today that his daughter
"donald trump once bragged that he had  the best words  but researchers found that his speeches were at an average of about a 7th-grade reading level. trump generally scored the lowest of all of his rivals. but
"one of the most controversial figures in the upcoming trump administration (and this is out of a circus freak show of racist white men and corporate oligarchs) is general michael t. flynn
"conservatives are lying when they claim banning abortion is necessary to protect women s mental health.for years
"while a lot of the nation seems to not give a sh*t that a foreign power just helped decide who became president of the united states
"this morning
"quid pro quo in the trump/russia situation is happening sooner than expected
"it s already been reported heavily that celebrities are in short supply for racist hatemonger and russian-installed puppet donald trump s inauguration   but it seems he has a much more embarrassing problem. even high school marching bands don t want to show up to celebrate his coronation.nbc washington reports that high school bands   at least one of which has participated in the past five inauguration parades   have entirely opted out of applying for consideration this year:ballou high school s majestic marching knights performed destiny s child s  lose my breath  at george w. bush s second inaugural parade in 2005
"there are several movements out there to try and stop trump from officially becoming president and most of them center on the electoral college now. alexander hamilton wrote
"the russians have wanted a puppet in the white house for decades
"if you want to know what kind of president donald trump will be
"conspiracy theorist alex jones isn t known for having a solid grasp of the truth. he takes ordinary news items and turns them into something completely bizarre
 and it’s hilarious (tweet)"
"during the revelations that russia had a giant hand in influencing our election
"a group of vice president-elect mike pence s new washington neighbors invited him to comet ping pong
"donald trump isn t exactly a stickler for facts and he has made it clear that he is not convinced that climate change is real. heck
"when are racists going to learn that publicly posting their hate can get them canned?because a white michigan firefighter has been dismissed after his racist post referring to a black woman using the n-word and telling her she should go back to being a slave was brought to the attention of his boss.ryan hudson whined on facebook about san francisco 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick kneeling during the national anthem to protest police brutality. a woman responded by writing  black lives matter
"donald trump thought he could bully the department of energy. he was humiliatingly wrong.last week
"newsweek just published a damning investigative report detailing how donald trump is already fundamentally changing american foreign policy to enrich himself
"russia committed espionage against our country and got caught by the cia
 makes her regret vote in under 2 minutes (video)"
 proving it was just a clinton witch hunt"
 refuse to show up for inauguration"
"if there s anyone in this country who s an expert in dirty politics
 and it is amazing"
 cancels press conference as russia investigation heats up"
"military veterans are expressing extreme concerns about the behavior and reaction of donald trump to the revelation that hackers under the employ of russia stole information from democrats and passed it on to wikileaks in an attempt to influence the result of the election. while donald trump and congressional republicans have down played this information
"the republican party has been nervous as hell ever since the cia released reports that russia had meddled in the u.s. election in order to sway it toward donald trump. this tension within the gop couldn t have been more obvious than when republican national committee spokesman sean spicer had a fullblown meltdown over his distrust of the cia.while being interviewed by msnbc on monday
"earlier today
"donald trump has been poking china with a proverbial stick and his provocations haven t gone unnoticed. now
"republicans are desperately defending russia after a cia investigation concluded that russian hackers interfered in our election to help donald trump win.and that is infuriating to joe scarborough.the  morning joe  host tore into republicans on monday morning for opposing an investigation into russian meddling
"the recent cia assessment concluding that russia interfered with the election to help donald trump win caused the ladies of  the view  to sound the alarm.seventeen intelligence agencies agree that russia aided trump in his effort to become president
 it just got a lot harder for trump supporters to attend inauguration"
"after the cia came forward that they have intelligence showing russia s direct involvement in the election to help donald trump win
 tells children that santa isn’t real while trying to indoctrinate them at a mall"
"donald trump has dismissed the cia findings that russia interfered in the election to help him win as  ridiculous.  then
"after revelations from the cia that russians interfered with our country s presidential election in order to help donald trump win the keys to the white house
 says investigating russia for hacking our election is unpatriotic"
"president-elect donald trump has yet to take office
"donald trump s election was almost derailed in october when a video was released with trump bragging about grabbing women  by the pussy.  unfortunately for the world
"if you ve ever wondered if donald trump is completely unqualified to make any decisions about anything involving the good of our nation
 hilarity ensues (tweets)"
"our former u.n. ambassador
"well
"nate silver of fivethirtyeight.com is pretty accurate when it comes to election reports. he has also tweeted just why hillary clinton lost the white house: james comey s email letter. just eleven days out from the election
"sources say that chris christie was offered several positions in donald trump s administration but turned them all down.on sunday
"donald trump hasn t even been sworn in yet and he s already beating richard nixon when it comes to being a liar.forty-four years have passed since the watergate scandal dominated the news. carl bernstein was one of the washington post reporters who broke the scandal wide open.throughout his presidency
"you know things are going badly for the gop president-elect when even fox news begins to turn on him. in an interview with fox s chris wallace on fox news sunday
 so john mccain hammers him with bad news"
"saturday night live is having an absolute blast mocking donald trump and that didn t change this week as the popular satire show took aim at his narcissism.wwe superstar john cena assumed the role of trump from alec baldwin this week in a short video called  through donald s eyes  which is a first-person view of how trump sees himself and the world around him.what followed is the delusional fantasyland that trump lives in.trump wakes up in the morning greeted by his maid. he turns on the television to watch fox news singing his praises using buzz words like  victory  and  landslide.  he opens the newspaper
"donald trump is a misogynist. we all know that. now
"independent conservative presidential candidate evan mcmullin has been busily warning the world about donald trump ever since the reality star became president-elect. mcmullin is a former operative for the central intelligence agency (cia). he is also an expert on autocrats. he once went on a tweetstorm warning the nation that trump shows all the signs of being a dictator in the making. now
"sarah palin is stupid. really stupid. imagine generations upon generations of inbreeding among heavy meth users and she s basically the embodiment of that. so unsurprisingly
 and here’s the proof"
"the news that russia interfered in our election to help donald trump win is enraging people across the country
"the crew at saturday night live once again did something that will likely send donald trump   the undeservedly affluent and unstable man-child to whom the  nuclear football  will be handed off in january   into yet another irrational twitter tantrum.lately
"trump promised many hardworking americans he d improve their lives if he got elected. well
"former republican congressman joe walsh supports donald trump
"we tried to warn you.from the summer of 2016 onward
"barack obama has been accused again and again of ruining the economy but where s the proof? oh wait
"former cia operative robert baer weighed in on the revelations that russians interfered with our presidential election in order to help donald trump win the keys to the white house. baer said on cnn that if the cia can prove the accusations then the u.s. should vote again. when the not-my-president-elect responded to the report
"donald trump just did russia a big favor to thank them for rigging the election in his favor.as the fallout continues from a cia assessment that russia hacked into our election system and helped trump beat hillary clinton
"as news that the cia had solid evidence that russia did indeed meddle in our election
"throughout the course of the election
"russian interference in our election should immediately disqualify donald trump from the presidency.on friday
"republicans don t care about the american people and this is proof.one of the first actions republicans intend to take when donald trump takes office in january is to repeal obamacare
"the washington post dropped a bombshell intelligence revelation on us all on friday: russia wanted donald trump to be president
"sen. harry reid is calling for fbi director james comey to be investigated after friday revealed bombshell after bombshell regarding russia s interference in the u.s. election. reid put the head of the fbi on blast saturday morning following the release of a secret cia assessment that concluded russia had meddled in the presidential election with the intent of helping to get donald trump into the oval office. i think [comey] should be investigated by the senate
 only released dem data to help trump (video)"
"donald trump is back to his pre-election habit of saying rude
 but chose not to release gop data"
"trump s transition team is certainly doing a good job of keeping things moving along
"russia interfered in the 2016 u.s. presidential election in order to help donald trump become president of the united states
"kellyanne conway was absolutely grilled by chuck todd on friday because donald trump has been picking goldman sachs executives for his cabinet.donald trump spent a good part of his campaign trashing hillary clinton for having mere connections to goldman sachs. now he has picked three goldman sachs alums
"the republican effort to let social security  whither on the vine and die  just became reality as donald trump prepares to take office and become their puppet.last month
"republicans  won  the 2016 presidential election. why? well
"it s pretty obvious at this point that donald trump duped his working and middle-class voters. he ran on a ridiculous slogan of  drain the swamp.  meaning
"the trump team has shown one thing in the last month   they are the worst when it comes to draining the swamp. they have packed the cabinet with the biggest
"now that former reality television star
"the senate session is coming to a close for the 113th congress
"trump cannot handle dissent. he cannot handle people who don t like him and won t kiss his rings and his boots. he cannot handle protests
 gives them a brutal reality check (images)"
"during a debate on french television show niveau z ro (zero level)
 and he wants it done before he leaves office"
 prepares to launch probe into russia"
"for the past week since trump struck one of his alleged  solid gold  deals to keep carrier from moving to mexico
"trump mouthpiece kayleigh mcenany attacked former labor secretary robert reich on thursday night and quickly discovered that she was out of her depth.while cnn awaited donald trump s appearance at a rally
"even though former reality show star turned president-elect donald trump lost the popular vote by 2.6 million
"if there s one thing donald trump has made remarkably clear throughout his campaign for the presidency
"this is priceless.donald trump has not even taken office yet
 might have purchased admin position"
"it s the lame duck session for ohio s legislature
"donald trump likes feuds. he cannot
"this is huge news!the city council of portland
"the united states as we know it is over   at least that s the prediction by norwegian professor johan galtung
"donald trump is not going to like this at all.the fbi played a major role in the 2016 election. so much of a role
"on tuesday night
"to be a republican these days
"donald trump s obsession with lashing out at people on twitter instead of attending national security briefings caused michael moore to plead with him to do his job.say what you want about the filmmaker
"lucy richards
"another day
"if you haven t heard
"on november 8
"a carrier union leader called donald trump out for his lies about the deal that supposedly saved american jobs from moving to mexico. so what did trump do? tell the truth? take responsibility for his actions? recant his bogus claims? oh
 equates it to eating feces"
"the nation was in an uproar on wednesday
"democrats and other progressives who watched how the mainstream media treated donald trump and hillary clinton have for months suspected that the fix was in for trump
"on the 75th anniversary of the bombing of pearl harbor in hawaii many have been remembering all those who lost their lives on that fateful day. it was what brought the united states into wwii and the date
"whether it s climate change
"trump s transition is humming right along now
"while donald trump may have spent a lot of time dissing president barack obama during his presidential campaign
"donald trump has been crowned 2016 person of the year by time magazine. he is no doubt over the moon with all of his  winning.  the rest of us were left looking at his orange face staring back from the cover and wondering wtf? however
"just when you thought things couldn t get crazier and more bizarre in the future donald trump administration
"a major bipartisan infrastructure bill has gone through the house
"despite having run one of the most disgusting campaigns most of us have ever witnessed
"donald trump has not even taken office yet and republicans are already launching a full-scale war on women s rights.emboldened by the thought that trump will only appoint anti-choice judges to the supreme court
 there’s no way we’re working with you"
 trump pissed"
"ever since matt lauer threw donald trump some majorly softball questions during his q&a with the president-elect during the campaign
"tina fey put the jokes aside and took serious aim at donald trump.in an interview with david letterman for the hollywood reporter
"matt lauer gave donald trump a chance to stop acting like a petulant child but he only doubled down.on wednesday morning after bragging about somehow being picked by time magazine as their person of the year
"on tuesday
000 jobs from japan is what trump says it is (video)"
 sir"
"donald trump has been bragging nonstop about the carrier deal that supposedly kept more than 1
"philip mudd
"donald trump shocked the world with a 10-minute phone call with taiwan s leadership   a move that could greatly damage diplomatic relationships with china. this move
"a member of donald trump s presidential transition team has been kicked aside after he was caught spreading a dangerous conspiracy theory promoted on fake news websites. michael g. flynn
’ embracing fascism (image)"
"there s a petition on change.org going around to stop trump from becoming president
"donald trump and all his cohorts are exalting him as a master of business following his deal with carrier to keep roughly 1
"during president obama s final national security speech as president
 and it’s glorious"
"remember when chris christie was a contender for the republican party presidential nomination? now imagine chris christie remembering that while looking glumly into a mirror
"the worst part about the gop controlling all three branches of the federal government is that they are about to hand the supreme court over to fascists and right-wing ideologues like themselves for a generation. however
"throughout the campaign
"it finally dawned on glenn beck that his buddy sarah palin isn t quite right in the head. last night on his television show
"update: slate has pointed out that the pentagon has  budgeted $4 billion in total spending through 2021 for two new air force ones from the company.  if one plane is four and earmarked r&d is the black-and-white cost of the project
 the reason why is insane (tweet/video)"
"president barack obama knows that president-elect donald trump doesn t know what the hell he s doing
"with donald trump winning the election
"when hillary clinton called about half of donald trump s supporters a  basket of deplorables
"the results of the disappointing 2016 presidential election aren t even official yet
"manhattan is seeing significant problems due to trump s insistence on staying in trump tower during his transition. he needs protection. his family needs protection. the tower needs protection. new york city is willing to give extensive help to the secret service to do it
"green party presidential nominee jill stein has filed a lawsuit in federal court over the recount efforts in pennsylvania. according to the complaint filed by stein
 trump’s own lawyers admit there’s no evidence of voter fraud (images)"
"with donald trump throwing yet another hissy fit on twitter for how saturday night live depicts him
"steve harvey appeared on  the view  and ripped donald trump a new one for whining about saturday night live instead of focusing on the presidency.on monday
"the whiner-in-chief humiliated himself again.trump hates the free press
"in the wake of a gunman terrorizing a pizza place in response to a fake story about hillary clinton
"ben carson dr. ben carson dr. ben carson the brain surgeon has been tapped as one of donald trump s cabinet members. now
"president-elect donald trump has been a sore subject for speaker of the house rep. paul ryan (r-wi). not only did ryan speak out against trump multiple times during his presidential campaign (but stopped short of pulling his endorsement)
 they had been planning to talk for months"
"when kellogg pulled its advertising from the white nationalist website known as breitbart
"reince priebus
"the relationship between the united states and china is an extremely delicate one. they are the world s second-largest power
"donald trump s fans are idiots   and this time it could have gotten people killed. since before the election
"throughout his campaign
"it s no secret that team trump is all in a tizzy over jill stein s recount attempts in multiple states
"the army corps of engineers has denied an easement for the dakota access pipeline
"despite donald trump s promises on the campaign trail to  drain the swamp
"trump (once again) may be losing his biggest cheerleader   okay
"donald trump just got taken to the woodshed for whining about saturday night live instead of focusing on important things like foreign policy and national security.as we all know
"george stephanopoulos refused to take shit from mike pence on sunday.the abc host of this week grilled pence for repeatedly defending donald trump s false claim that 3 million people voted illegally to help hillary clinton win the popular vote. in addition to winning the electoral college in a landslide
"in an unprecedented move
"kellyanne conway is a complete hypocrite who has no soul and cnn host jake tapper proved it.tapper grilled conway during a recent forum at harvard kennedy school s institute of politics in which conway claimed that because donald trump is the president-elect that means his petty tweets are  presidential  behavior. i will tell you that the president-elect looks at his social media accounts   combined 25 million
"trump is a terrible businessman and will be an even worse president. and his latest twitter rant is proof.in a string of tweets on sunday morning
"saturday night live once again took aim at donald trump. trump once again threw a hissy fit about it. and alec baldwin once again responded perfectly.baldwin s impersonation of trump has been spot-on
 trump was already b*tching about it (video)"
"on saturday
"despite his promises to  drain the swamp
"much of my day is spent scanning the news
"we ve long been suspicious of russian meddling in our political process
 we’re still sending 1
"now that they have someone they think is their lord and savior in the white house
"conservatives are damned liars and they need to be called out every time they claim donald trump s campaign wasn t racist.throughout the 2016 presidential campaign
"on top of all the problems this country faces under a donald trump administration
"donald trump hasn t even stepped into office yet and he has already managed to fill his cabinet with the richest people ever to self-serve in that position
 and it’s absolutely hilarious (video)"
"donald trump has not even taken office yet and he has already pissed off the most populous nation on the planet.for nearly 40 years
"donald trump s deplorable supporters strike again.18-year-old yasmin seweid was born in brooklyn
"let s all point and laugh at the sad trump supporters who are just now realizing that they got totally conned.donald trump made a lot of promises on the campaign trail but ever since election night he has backed away from many of them or broken them entirely.first
"mike pence is a huge homophobe. he supports ex-gay conversion therapy
"on friday
"before donald trump pulled off winning the presidency (which no one saw coming)
"donald trump likely caused a diplomatic crisis with china when he decided he would talk to the president of taiwan on friday. the move left political observers scratching their heads and wondering how he could have possibly thought this was a good idea. the answer is simple. it s the same reason trump does everything   he thinks he can get something out of it. in this case
 blasts his bad ‘crony capitalism’ deal with carrier"
"college campuses are one of the places where free speech is extremely sacrosanct
"right-wing radio s  high priestess of hate
 trump shatters our relationship with china"
"former vermont governor howard dean has already served as the chair of the democratic national committee from 2005-2009. as the democratic party recovers from shocking losses and a lack of leadership
"one donald trump supporter just realized that she voted for the wrong candidate.teena colebrook knew she had made a terrible error in judgment after donald trump picked former goldman sachs partner steven mnuchin to head the treasury department. i just wish that i had not voted
"in a direct assault on the free press
"kellyanne conway couldn t take the heat.donald trump s lie about 3 million people voting illegally has been repeatedly debunked
"when donald trump made his acceptance speech after winning the election
"donald trump s destructive vision of america is eliciting strong reaction from millions of people across the country
"donald trump has always shown himself to be impulsive when it comes to his use of technology. he often tweets in the middle of the night
"trump s attempt at self-fellation following his kinda-sorta victory in the election went a bit limp when he threw himself a party and no one came. sure
 and trump is clearly petrified"
 and they’re worse than everyone else combined"
"trump campaign manager and spin doctor
"a denver
 nra: data shows opposition to background checks has killed dozens of cops"
"typically
"sheriff david clarke of milwaukee county
"donald trump s choice for treasury secretary is a real life ebeneezer scrooge.trump s pick of steven mnuchin to run the treasury department is literally letting the fox guard the hen house. it s also hypocritical and dangerous.mnuchin was a partner at goldman sachs
"a trump supporter proclaimed that there s  no such thing  as facts before getting humiliated by facts.during an appearance on npr s the diane rehm show
"only supporters of donald trump could say something so stupid that a news anchor smacks their own head in frustration.when cnn host alisyn camerota organized a discussion with a bunch of trump supporters
"if you ever wondered what racist conservatives would like to eat for breakfast
"don t compare black lives matter to the kkk or daily show host trevor noah will rip you a new one. just ask tomi lahren.white nationalist darling tomi lahren has frequently used her show on the blaze to whine about and attack black lives matter
"the bigoted vice-president-elect is being trolled by his new neighbors at his temporary residence. rainbow flags are popping up on different houses on gov. mike pence s block where he is renting a home before moving into the vice-president s mansion
"immigration was one of the biggest
"it turns out that there are a few new reasons for wisconsin to proceed with their recount
"the state of michigan has
 shallow tweeting"
"this proves the need for a recount in michigan.donald trump s team knowingly hired a man who committed election fraud in 2012 when they allowed brandon hall to work for the campaign in 2016.on wednesday
"concerns about trump s conflict of interest reached a new level with the announcement that the national park service is finalizing plans that will give one of his companies $32 million in tax subsidies for the hotel he put in d.c. s old post office building. while it s true that he spent the morning tweeting about getting out of his business entirely
"someone finally asked kellyanne conway how she can look herself in the mirror every morning and work for donald trump.during an event sponsored by the university of virginia s center for politics
 and it’s perfect (tweet)"
’ throws child into wall (video)"
"america s village idiot could soon be in charge of taking care of america s veterans.donald trump has been stocking his administration with racists and extremist government insiders but their collective iq is not low enough apparently
"immediately after donald trump won the election
"nancy pelosi has been the leader of the house democrats for a very long time
 admits his business is a conflict of interest"
"bernie sanders appeared with conan o brien on tuesday night. the segment of the show was hardly funny
"there are all kinds of pushes designed to stop trump from officially taking office in january. there s a petition on change.org with over four million signatures calling on electors to make hillary president. a recount effort is underway in three crucial battleground states. there are calls for investigations into his conflicts of interest
"breitbart news
"mitt romney got a lot of praise and a lot of headlines this past year when he came out and attacked donald trump s presidential campaign
 he wouldn’t have run for president"
 and he’ll hate it (video)"
"donald trump attacked the first amendment on tuesday and george takei clobbered him for it.trump called for jailing americans who burn the flag
"it s expected that trump s critics would get on his case for lying about massive election/voter fraud   there s simply no evidence of it. one might expect even the most supportive republicans to jump on him for that too
"it was just a few weeks ago that president-elect donald trump repeatedly attacked the cast of broadway show hamilton for giving a respectful speech about equality and diversity to his vice president
"yes
"when fox news host stuart varney bragged about donald trump wanting to imprison and strip citizenship from americans who burn the flag
"these conservative  christians  are sick.throughout the 2016 campaign
"apparently
 suggests insane punishment for burning american flag (tweets)"
"north carolina governor pat mccrory lost his re-election bid to his democratic challenger roy cooper three weeks ago. however
"after being found competent to stand trial following a court-ordered psychiatric evaluation
"actress amber heard is donating $350
"once again president-elect donald trump has dominated the media by doing something incredibly dumb. after whining about the recount effort by green party candidate jill stein on twitter
"a republican member of the electoral college representing texas
"when donald trump heard the news that hillary clinton was going to back jill stein s recount efforts in three separate states
"a trump-loving white shopper had a racist meltdown of #babytrump proportions last week
"it shouldn t be surprising to anyone that trump is attacking recount efforts in wisconsin
 says what the entire congress is thinking (tweet)"
"with donald trump throwing a twitter tantrum from the very early morning throughout the afternoon on sunday
"we re all now living with the horrifying reality that on january 20
"by now
 and it should"
"donald trump just accused millions of americans of voter fraud
"if you ve been paying attention
"while not-my-president-elect donald trump was having a twitter tantrum over recount efforts in three battleground states
 but fails miserably (video)"
"do you remember trump s first meltdown week? it was late july
"donald trump threw another twitter tantrum
"republicans need to stop whining about president obama offering condolences for fidel castro s death
 declare war on higher education"
"kellyanne conway whined about the media again and chuck todd smacked her down.donald trump has serious conflicts of interest that he should have to resolve before he is allowed to set one foot in the white house.it s pretty clear that trump intends to intermingle his business with politics over the next four years and that s a major problem the country does not need.that s why the wall street journal is calling for him to liquidate his assets and focus entirely on running the country. because running it part-time just simply won t do.but kellyanne conway
"we all know that president-elect donald trump has no idea what he s doing in his new role
"to say that president-elect donald trump is bent out of shape over the recount initiated by green party candidate jill stein is a serious understatement. not only did trump recently call stein s filing for a recount in wisconsin a  scam
"several mosques in california have received threatening letters from some of trump s loyal subjects
"we ve known for more than a year that some republicans are less than thrilled with donald trump
"donald trump s pride and joy is the tacky
"2016 has been a gawdawful year. we lost david bowie
 attacks jill stein over ‘ridiculous recount’ that could change election results (tweet)"
"officials in wisconsin are preparing to conduct a full statewide recount of the votes from the 2016 election after a request was filed by jill stein and she s pledged to file for recounts in michigan and pennsylvania
"an african-american man made a late night trip with a friend to a cvs in carytown
"president obama couldn t be more different from his successor
"this madness needs to stop and that means donald trump should not be president.trump supporters have been rampaging ever since election day. emboldened by the results
 will participate in recount (tweets)"
"a few days before thanksgiving
"perhaps the green party isn t so useless after all. jill stein s push for recounts in some battleground states is gaining momentum. stein raised $5 million to cover the costs of recounts over the thanksgiving holiday
"republicans are already touting their intention to dismantle medicare and donald trump is poised to be the rubber stamp. but democrats are prepared to do whatever it takes to stop them.house speaker paul ryan has been waiting for a puppet president to come along for a long time now so that he can get his plan to kill medicare signed into law.now he has one
"capitalism is a crazy system. on black friday
"there definitely seems to be a new sense of entitlement among donald trump supporters now that he won the electoral college count in the presidential election. they can t exactly say he won via popular support seeing as hillary clinton currently leads by over 2 million votes.however
"donald trump is a threat to the continuing survival of our nation and democracy. and the only thing that can stop him is the electoral college.that s why harvard law professor lawrence lessig is openly calling upon the electoral college to save us from this abomination that has made a mockery of our constitution without even setting one foot inside the white house yet.most americans would agree that the electoral college is an outdated part of our election that should be removed. but in this instance
"her viral post won her the title of  racist of the week. june pridmore somehow got a job working as the vice-president of loan operations at a regions bank in alabama
"if you re on medicare or close to qualifying for medicare and you voted for donald trump
"donald trump has had a lot to say about his daughter ivanka and some of his old quotes makes people think he wants to bang her. actually
"hours before thanksgiving day began
"sean hannity wants to destroy freedom of the press by punishing any news outlet that told the ugly truth about donald trump.during his radio show on tuesday
 just remember this one little fact (video)"
"morning joe is on msnbc
 puts national security at risk before he even takes office"
"it s a job killer. it s a small business killer. it will eventually kill america and america s working class
"have you noticed that donald trump s supporters are a bunch of thin-skinned bullies? star trek and big bang theory actor wil wheaton has.sure
 says he’s going to make the inner cities great again"
"fox news is literally pretending that they treated president obama with nothing but respect.the reality
 elton john tells trump to go f*ck himself"
"the media needs to keep grilling republicans over donald trump s flirtation with nazis
"megyn kelly s new book
 no oversight
 trump livid"
"after evidence has been uncovered that could point to donald trump and/or the russians rigging the presidential election
"recently
"donald trump s tuesday meeting with the new york times was already controversial to begin with
 go after food stamps
"if there s one thing about donald trump that isn t presidential (aside from literally everything) it s the people he has selected for top-level positions   a raging anti-semite and racist as white house chief strategist
"trump promised many things during his campaign and quite a few of those ideas are falling apart already
 breaking irs rules"
"donald trump s new adviser on tech matters wants to basically get rid of the federal communications commission (fcc)
"demanding allegiance to a head of state as a condition for becoming a citizen sounds like something a dictator would do.and that s exactly what a texas judge did during a swearing-in ceremony for immigrants who have been waiting to become citizens of the united states.john primono is a federal judge who has sworn in over 100
"trump s threatening of the press seems to be paying dividends already
"if donald trump doesn t want to be booed or lampooned over the next four years he should start acting presidential instead of like a big baby.instead of putting on his big boy pants and accepting the reality that people are going to boo him and mike pence for the way they have treated others
"tuesday at the white house
"it was hard to imagine donald trump getting any dumber during his presidential campaign
 stabs followers in the back yet again"
 reignites attacks on the new york times instead (tweets)"
"over the weekend
"one of donald trump s biggest ideas and a way he hopes to peel off support from some democrats is to propose a big infrastructure bill. trump and his team believe that positioning infrastructure as an investment in america that would also employ people will get democrats to budge.but senator bernie sanders (i-vt) is now loudly pointing out that the trump infrastructure idea is just another in his long line of  scam  proposals.bernie sanders called donald trump s infrastructure plan a  scam  that only helps large companies and wall street billionaires on monday.trump s plan gives giant tax credits for private companies that invest in projects
"donald trump s plan to create a national registry of muslims residing in the united states alarms people of good faith and decent character from coast to coast. but indications are that the republican majority in congress
"kansas secretary of state kris kobach has reportedly been in the running for secretary of homeland security
 hail victory
 transition in chaos (tweets)"
"while the united states and a few european countries seem to be taking a major right-hand political turn
"on face the nation
"on cnn s  state of the union  yesterday
 will stick around to save the democratic party instead"
"after trump s latest twitter rant over the performance protest
"after the election of donald trump many folks seem to see it as a permission slip to be as racist and vile as possible. however
"sounds like someone can t handle the truth.in her new book
"we have really got to stop allowing donald trump to control the conversation. every time anything negative about him comes out in the media
"after eight years of being told that barack obama is the most divisive president in the history of the united states
"in a convenient distraction from trump s recent $25 million settlement in fraud lawsuits connected to his fake university
"mall santas have one job: be jolly. unfortunately
"president-elect donald trump recently asked his advisers how many nights a week he would have to spend in the white house. trump
"once again
"among the more disgusting practices donald trump has said he wants to bring back in the presidency is the use of torture by the american military. despite evidence that has shown it doesn t work
"donald trump is considering a prominent supporter of the birther conspiracy theory from fox news for a position in his administration
"following a traumatic election night and donald trump s unexpected win (of the electoral college)
"one of trump s biggest campaign promises was to create jobs
"donald trump made this way too easy for george takei.on saturday morning
"this is perfect.for months
"corey lewandowski was not prepared to be a joke.but that s what happened when he claimed that mexico will pay for the wall donald trump wants to build along the southern border while speaking to a group of students at the university of oxford in england.for some reason
"until november 8
"donald trump is a pathetic loser.despite repeatedly claiming that he s a  winner  who  never settles  court cases filed against him
"trump mouthpiece kayleigh mcenany just made the most asinine claim about mike pence and got roundly hammered for it on cnn.unless you ve been hiding in cave over the last decade
"donald trump really needs to keep his mouth shut because that s apparently the only way he ll be able to act presidential instead of petty.prior to a performance of  hamilton  on broadway friday night
"donald trump has a very thin skin. he has demonstrated this repeatedly; after all
"donald trump is now the president-elect
"if republicans vote to confirm jeff sessions as attorney general
"the parent company for the conservative fox news forced out the man who created the network
"after a whole week off
"rachel maddow decided to scrap a segment and go off-script to warn her viewers about lieutenant general michael flynn. donald trump has offered flynn the position of national security advisor and the msnbc host finds this revelation too worrying to put off discussing. at this point in the show
 used machine to autograph hats he sold them"
"donald trump says he wants to be the president for all americans
"mike pence took time off from organizing trump s transition efforts to catch a musical on broadway   but if he thought he would have a relaxing evening
"neil degrasse tyson is generally hesitates before weighing in on political matters
"in what was supposed to be a celebration of thanksgiving
 gives trump the reality check we’ve all been waiting for (video)"
"a movement has apparently been afoot in many starbucks stores around the country   trump fans have been putting  trump  on their cups so that the baristas have to shout the cheeto king s name. they were angry with the company after ceo howard schultz endorsed hillary for president
 who leaked highly classified info
"admitting to the united states something most of the population already knew considering the popular vote went to hillary clinton
"if you watched cnn during this highly contentious election cycle
"when donald trump named steve bannon as his chief policy strategist
 wants conflict with iran"
"the more unsavory people donald trump appoints
"donald trump just selected a racist homophobe as the nation s leading law enforcement officer.alabama senator jeff sessions is a lifetime bigot who viciously joined his republican colleagues in opposing president obama at every turn. so naturally
"remember when donald trump claimed that ford was moving jobs and production to mexico? well
"you know how the nra constantly tells us that their army of  good guys with guns  are ready to swoop in at the first sign of danger to save those in distress? well
"the democrats weren t able to outright win the senate back from the gop
"one of the things that trump wants to do over the next four years is continue to hold huge rallies for the purpose of stroking his ego. apparently
"this is what republicans mean when they use words like  unity. in what looks like an image advertising their whiteness to impress their supporters in the alt-right
"donald trump was right about one thing. the election was  rigged  and in more ways than one. from wackyleaks interfering to hackers to exit polling contradicting election results to voter suppression to fbi director james comey s bizarre and vague letter he sent to congress just 11 days before voters cast their ballots.trump s former presidential campaign manager admitted late wednesday that the president-elect won the keys to the white house because the fbi renewed its examination of hillary clinton s private email server
"it s been more than a week since the election of donald trump and his supporters have been teaching us a big lesson   namely that they re really bad winners and that their sense of entitlement to nearly everything just escalated because their orange candidate won a few more swing states.at a starbucks near the university of miami
"a teacher in maryland is apparently gunning for a chance to be donald trump s pick for secretary of education. on wednesday
"republicans are stooping to a new low when it comes to their disdain for civil disobedience and the bill of rights.as anti-trump protests continue across the nation over a week after the election
"for nigh on two years now
"donald trump has his staff working on the logistics of allowing him to stay in his gilded apartment in new york city very frequently during the next four years. that possibility has an awful lot of bad implications
"and yet the media wonders why everyone hates them.it s understandable that someone might get frustrated doing their job sometimes
 gop congress just proved they’re as racist as trump"
"with the election of donald trump
" kneel before trump  is not something you ll be seeing general zod portrayer michael shannon do anytime soon.the man of steel actor made it clear on friday during an interview on rogerebert.com that the election of trump put him in a bad mood and he had absolutely no problem ripping trump and his supporters a new one. it s not one of my happier fridays   now that the orange man is running the world
 prepares to become trump’s worst nightmare (tweets)"
"well
"daryush valizadeh is a sexist and misogynist who is lobbying to make rape legal on private property
"for a crash course in why reality television star donald trump is unfit to be the next president of the united states
"donald trump wants to rule america from his golden tower in new york city
"the entire nation and world have been worried for months about what the reality of a donald trump presidency might be like
"twitter has finally decided to take action against the white supremacists running rampant on the social media platform. the same day the company vowed to take a stronger stance against hate speech
"a tennessee official has resigned from his position after he was stupid enough to splash racist posts all over his facebook page.david barber was the deputy director of shelby county corrections center until he decided to flaunt his racism on social media. in one post
 russia in our election"
"fox news host megyn kelly is all too familiar with donald trump s bullying tactics. she d endured several of them during the presidential debates and trump continued to attack her over twitter throughout his campaign. now that trump has been elected as the next president of the united states
"there are a ton of potential conflict-of-interest problems cropping up as trump prepares to take office. one is his use of the secret service. he already made nearly $3 million from them during his campaign
 cites lack of experience"
"racists and confederate flag worshipers may be celebrating now but director rob reiner just informed them that trump s victory will be their last.on monday while promoting his film  lbj
"just like trump campaign manager kellyanne conway did on fox news sunday
"a week after the election
"after last week s election
 liberal women are just ‘a bunch of dykes’"
 so the captain issues scathing rebuke"
 and they’re not happy (video)"
"it s time to start arresting trump supporters for this bullshit.ernest walker is a proud veteran who served this country with the 25th infantry division in the 1980s. so he went to chili s on veteran s day for a free meal the restaurant chain offered to veterans as thanks for their service.but while he was eating
"it has just been announced that donald trump and his transition team have former new york city mayor rudy giuliani as a top favorite to be selected as the new secretary of state.breaking: ap source: rudy giuliani the favorite to be trump's secretary of state.  the associated press (@ap) november 15
"the violence and hate we witnessed at trump rallies is now spilling over into the rest of society. since the billionaire racist misogynist internet troll was elected to lead the free world
"renowned scholar noam chomsky has been warning of a trump presidency and his fears have now become a reality. his assessment of the current situation? in an interview with truthout
"donald trump spent months on the campaign trail bashing nato
"donald trump s hateful
"all kinds of people from both the left and the right have been all over the cable news shows in recent days to tell the entire country not to be scared of president-elect donald trump. however
"most of the people with brains in this country knew that donald trump
 plans to hold his hand because he is just so damn clueless"
"trump has just made his campaign ceo
"despite the fact that donald trump received fewer votes than his opponent
"a whole lot of evangelical trump voters just discovered they got duped.by picking mike pence as his vice-president
"while donald trump is back peddling on several of his campaign promises
"now that donald trump has scared and fleeced uneducated
"if anyone had any deluded designs that donald trump wasn t going to stack his staff with racists
 and here’s proof"
"as predicted
"this literally made me scream at my television in rage.if there is one person who has been more hypocritical than donald trump throughout this election year
"before the leaked tape of donald trump describing his propensity to grab women  by the pussy  to billy bush
"republicans are frothing at the mouth with excitement that donald trump could be the rubber stamp president they have been looking for.paul ryan has wanted to repeal obamacare ever since it became law
 tonight they made us cry and hope for the future (video)"
"this is truly a sad group of people we ve put in charge of the country. trump himself doesn t want to work and seems to be actively avoiding it
"since republicans had such a problem with president obama going on vacation and playing golf
 but he lost by a huge margin (tweets)"
"hillary clinton is speaking up after her election loss and coming forward with the facts on what contributed to the results. despite the mainstream media s claims to the contrary
"in the wake of election day and donald trump s win
"while this election was undeniably (from one side) meaner and more divisive than perhaps ever before
"while they are sad and in understandable despair
"if you claim to be a  christian  but support donald trump and all the hate and bigotry he embodies
"as we are watching names being floated as part of donald trump s cabinet
"trump s biggest champion on the other side of the pond
"after the election of donald trump
"a mere four days after trump got exactly what he claimed he wanted
 so racist conservatives call her a ‘monkey’ (screenshots)"
"one of the major issues of the 2016 campaign was trump s taxes
"well
"the election of reality television star donald trump has people all over the world responding in various ways. some of us are in total shock
"as if the election of donald trump couldn t get even more disastrous and hypocritical
"america will have a fascist in the white house starting on january 20th
"prior to the election
"millions of americans did not vote for donald trump on tuesday night and are protesting his election. and trump can only whine about it.it didn t take long for trump to act unpresidential on twitter following his election victory.once he got his phone back from his aides
"donald trump is the best player on the terrorist organization s team
 heartbreaking letter to america that everyone should read"
"the federal judge overseeing two of the three fraud cases against donald trump has advised all parties to settle  given all else that s involved.  presumably
"the nation and world are reeling from the fact that we are now facing a horrifying reality: four years being ruled by the likes of donald trump and mike pence. people are rightfully afraid of what he will do with regards to lgbtq rights and women s rights
"two nights ago
 promises to protect minorities under trump administration"
"the effects of a donald trump presidency are already starting to take shape. we ve been hearing of incidents of racism all over the country where people feel trump s win gives them the right to be as racist and violent as they want.another thing to remember is everything trump promised during the election. one of those things was a ban on muslims entering the country.the daily show s hasan minaj takes that threat of a ban very seriously
"it appears the repercussions of a donald trump america are already taking full effect. donnie jones jr.
"racists are all jizzed up after donald trump s victory. sandra thompson
 democratic senate candidate writes statement that every single progressive should see"
"the moment donald trump is sworn in as president
"how are nonwhite children supposed to feel safe in donald trump s america? on tuesday less than half the country elected an open bigot who calls mexicans rapists and promises to ban people who follow certain religions from entering the country
 will be ‘unreasonable’"
"reports are saying that president obama
"these deplorable people are just incapable of taking personal responsibility for their own words and actions.racism was one of the central themes of donald trump s campaign. so much so
 confirms it’s been talking to trump throughout campaign (details)"
"donald trump actually won
"we love ruth bader ginsburg. she s the sweet   but also sharp   liberal justice who sits on the supreme court. she s also no fan of donald trump. one tradition that ginsburg   aka the notorious rbg   has is wearing a special  dissent  collar when she is going against major rulings presented the land s highest court. no such ruling was upon the justices today
"trump and his deplorable supporters worked for a year and a half dividing this nation and now they are complaining because liberals aren t kissing his ass.during a panel discussion on cnn with anderson cooper on wednesday night about protests that have ignited across the country against donald trump
"now that he s president-elect
"if there s one thing this election succeeded in doing
"the racist ku klux klan is very pleased that donald trump has been elected president of the united states in the 2016 election and one chapter of the terrorist group is holding a parade to celebrate his victory.the website for loyal white knights of the ku klux klan located in north carolina announced that they will hold a  klavalkade klan parade  on december 3rd in order to hail the occasion of the republican nominee winning.they write:our goal is to help restore america to a white christian nation
 trump is on his way towards building his own"
"welcome to trump s america
"across the nation
"rep. jason chaffetz (r-ut) has such a hate-on for hillary that he s going to continue the probe into her emails
"election night on november 8
 here’s what you can do"
"while most of us are still in a state of shock over the results of the 2016 election
"sometimes
"russia and vladimir putin got what they wanted last night when donald trump won the election.throughout this campaign
"while the final vote tally won t be in for quite some time
"the election result tonight is hard to swallow for many of us. donald trump is so deeply unpresidential in so many ways
 canada’s immigration site went down — hard"
"this election has been hard for south carolina senator lindsey graham. after fighting his little republican heart out in the primaries only to see a reality tv star defeat him and every other more qualified goper
 we’re f*cked — america’s ‘brexit’ becomes a reality as republicans win at every level"
"the prospect of donald trump winning the presidency is scaring the hell out of the world s markets
 trump calls running for president a “waste of time’ (video)"
"an active shooter situation is developing in los angeles outside a polling place in azusa. not much is known at the moment
"donald trump is counting on a big win tonight
"of course
"trump is panicking to the point where he s not sleeping and he even tried to hold five rallies across half the country on sunday (and failed miserably). he s panicking so much that he filed what s possibly the most frivolous election lawsuit ever against clark county for violating nevada election law by allowing a polling place in a market in vegas to stay open until the line was gone.nevada law allows anyone who was in line at the time the polls close to still vote
"if there s one thing we ve learned in this election
"this election is bringing out all kinds of emotions in pretty much everyone. if you re not extraordinarily passionate about one of the candidates
"donald trump showed up to vote in new york city with his wife melania and hilarity ensued.when the trump s walked through the doors they were greeted by a round of boos and jeers. clearly
"bill maher made an appearance on the tonight show with jimmy fallon and made sure everyone knows exactly who donald trump is and why we shouldn t vote for him.fallon asked for maher s thoughts on the election and he did not disappoint. maher conceded that hillary is not the best candidate
"anderson cooper only needed a single sentence to put a trump supporter to shame.during a panel discussion at a hillary clinton campaign rally in philadelphia
"ah
 and it was spectacular (video)"
"just hours before the presidential election
"here on the eve of this historic election
"if there s one thing that has been made one-hundred percent certain throught the course of this presidential election
 the gop is not donald trump’s party"
"going into election day
"while the supreme court blocked the worst of north carolina s voter suppression laws (including their voter id law
"this is not something that happens every day
"republican nominee donald trump has finally made some decisions on a few of his cabinet members if he wins the election tomorrow
"it s been two days since the secret service determined that there was no assassination attempt on donald trump s life
"with less than 24 hours before election day
"the fbi had just announced that it was clearing democratic nominee hillary clinton in the most recent email probe
"a new report from the new york times revealed some interesting goings-on with team trump. for one
"president obama has shown he s a human being with compassion time and again. most recently
"kellyanne conway finally got buried by a barrage of questions calling her and trump out for being hypocrites
 harry reid gives big ‘f*ck you’ to republicans and hands nevada to hillary"
 gropes himself while spewing profanity (video)"
 road raging trump fan calls black driver a ‘n*****’ because ‘black lives don’t matter’ (video)"
"it s two days before americans head to the polls to choose between an orange
"in a sorry attempt to smear the protester who allegedly threatened trump with a sign in reno
"donald trump s twitter account is littered with insults and inappropriate comments
"house oversight committee chairman jason chaffetz has been fantasizing about investigating a potential president hillary clinton into oblivion based on her use of a private email server. after all
"trying to catch the liar of liars in a lie isn t hard. getting him and his campaign to acknowledge that trump is the liar of liars is. same thing with bullying
"by now
"it s the fake  assassination  attempt heard around the world and everyone is laughing at donald trump.on saturday night in reno
"while campaigning in reno on saturday
"the apparent increase among latino voters in key early voting states seems to be triggering something of a public meltdown with republican presidential nominee donald trump. at a campaign event in nevada
"saturday night live has helped bring quite a bit of levity to this otherwise horrific election year but in the final episode before the election
"we are now down to the wire in the all-important and hotly contested 2016 election. everyone has crawled into their corners
"it s hard not to love joss whedon
"senator pat toomey is a staunch republican caught in a close re-election race against kate mcginty in pennsylvania
"senator tim kaine
 gop facing cataclysmic disaster in nevada
"hillary clinton has a much better run campaign than donald trump does. she has a ground game
"trump seems to think he can easily garner the minimum 270 electoral votes that he would need to win the presidency
"the right wing is still harping on the fbi s discovery of new emails that supposedly relate to the probe into hillary clinton. as expected
"appearing at a concert for hillary clinton in ohio alongside chance the rapper
"hillary clinton enjoyed a performance by jay-z and beyonce at a rally in ohio on friday night and donald trump complained like a hypocrite.during the rally
"with just three days until election day














"donald trump has been attacking president obama for campaigning in support of hillary clinton
"bill maher surprisingly thanked donald trump on friday night for doing at least one good thing during this campaign.for years
"the possibility of a civil war has been on a lot of people s minds as the election gets closer. cnn s van jones decided to sit down with a family of trump supporters to discuss this very issue. fittingly
"a trump supporter in loudoun county
"the woman who accused donald trump of raping her at age 13 has dropped her lawsuit after canceling a press conference slated for the middle of next week
"george r.r. martin
"sometimes it takes a wolf to catch a snake.rudy giuliani has been making the media rounds over the last two days
 show trump’s ultimate hypocrisy"
"generally
" when they go low
"we are now in the finally days leading up to the 2016 presidential election
"clearly
"if you had wanted to give trump supporters the benefit of the doubt
"in yet another bombshell report
"i am not a psychologist. i don t even play one on tv
"on friday
"republican nominee donald trump definitely has the worst surrogates out of anyone who has ever run for president. they can barely keep their stories (lies) straight
"we ve all seen pictures of the trumps in their home surrounded by tacky gold decor
"it was a simple question
"john bennet
"something is definitely incredibly suspicious with recently looked at video of former new york city mayor rudy giuliani knowing about something coming out against hillary clinton exactly two days before it happened.giuliani seemed pretty damn sure of himself while appearing on fox news on october 26
"donald trump has promoted the conspiracy theory that this year s election is going to be  rigged
"it s the first week of november
"as her husband continues to bully people on twitter
"fox host bret baier found himself forced to retract a statement earlier today that claimed an indictment against hillary clinton was very likely because
"donald trump s wife melania
"the wife of a cyberbully spoke today about what she would take on as first lady if her husband is elected. melania trump wants to take on internet bullies because  our culture has gotten too mean and too rough
"you know all that buzz you are hearing about a  likely  hillary clinton fbi indictment? this may be the shocker of all shockers
"a senator from pennsylvania is asking the department of justice to step in following widespread media reports of white supremacists who have vowed to engage in poll watching on election day to guard against voter fraud.sen. bob casey (d-pa.) wrote a letter to attorney general loretta lynch
"less than a week before one of the most important presidential elections of our lifetimes
"the twilight actress absolutely shredded the republican nominee.and the reason why is pretty clear. throughout his campaign
"donald trump once again bullied nbc correspondent katy tur during a rally and put her safety at risk
"it wasn t too long ago that republican nominee donald trump made us feel sick to our stomach when he told gold star parent khizr khan
 seth meyers clears up that bullsh*t idea"
"georgia s republican governor nathan deal stirred up a hornet s nest of controversy when comments he made referring to black americans as  colored people  surfaced on wednesday night.georgia gov. nathan deal (r) went after opponents of an education ballot measure known as amendment 1 in a speech last month
"the chicago cubs have just won the world series for the first time after 108 years
"donald trump s deplorable supporters aren t waiting for the election results to start spilling blood.they ve been threatening bloody violence ever since trump began claiming that the election is  rigged  in favor of hillary clinton. and trump has called for them to intimidate voters at polling places.in texas last week
"as election day approaches
"the new york observer
"for the first time
"what is it with trump supporters constantly threatening future president hillary clinton s life? oklahoma state rep. john bennett
"this election is all about the supreme court
"after former reality show star donald trump was caught on video speaking casually about sexually assaulting women
"just a few days before election day
"hillary clinton has had it with donald trump s rude
"as you all know by now
"baylor university s vice president for senior operations
"what many people have been predicting throughout the course of this election may be starting to come to fruition
"it seems that donald trump is rather unpopular with the workforce that will have to answer to him if he s elected. despite the union representing ice endorsing him
"video quickly went viral of trump supporter george lindell
"donald trump supporters casually talk to reporters while threatening to murder hillary clinton if she s elected. with donald s  rigged election  rhetoric
 goes off on heckler insulting obamacare (video)"
 and it’s worse than trump’s (screenshots)"
"efforts to stop protesters opposing the dakota access pipeline have backfired spectacularly. just last week
"a federal judge has ordered the republican national committee to reveal the details of any pacts they may have made with donald trump s campaign to engage in  ballot security  efforts during next week s presidential election.u.s. district court john vazquez has given the rnc until 5 p.m. on tuesday to lay out any plans they may have made with the trump campaign to participate in what amounts to voter intimidation through practices that have been banned for decades. he has also ordered that the rnc explain exactly what kellyanne conway
"in case you haven t heard
"with the news that there may be some undiscovered emails that may or may not be pertinent to anything going on with hillary clinton
"james comey
 as he claims? his own tax lawyers say probably not"
"the connection between donald trump s presidential campaign and vladimir putin s government in russia has been denied by the republican nominee repeatedly. despite praising him and at times defending his actions (like the annexation of ukraine)
"by now we ve all heard about or seen the cast of will & grace get back together to make sure everyone votes for hillary clinton in a reboot of the hit show titled  vote honey. well
 trump calls fact checkers ‘scum’ (video)"
"democratic party leaders from four states have officially filed federal lawsuits against donald trump and his advisor roger stone
"can we all finally agree that donald trump s campaign is just ridiculous at this point? on monday
"this is hypocrisy of the highest order and proves that donald trump would only make a mockery of our government institutions if he became president.the republican nominee has made hillary clinton s emails one of his central campaign talking points
"robert reich is one of the most respected voices in politics. he also has many friends who are current and former elected officials. he recently posted a most disturbing conversation he had with a friend who just happens to be a former gop congressman on facebook
"this has been one nasty election year. first
"chicago doesn t tend to be one of the cities one thinks of when one thinks of the religious right. unfortunately
"senate minority leader harry reid (d-nv) wrote a letter to james comey on sunday where he lambasted the fbi director for releasing information relating to investigating a presidential candidate just 11 days before an election. comey has said he was obligated to tell congress that he d found more emails
"when a fox news host tried to whine about the way the media has been covering donald trump
"for like the eleventy-billionth time
"one thing that has continuously dogged the donald trump for president campaign is the fact that racists
"there s no doubt that two men seated near the front row at camp randall stadium in madison
"donald trump has often invoked the u.s. military and treatment of military veterans while he has campaigned as the republican presidential nominee. but time and time again
"newt gingrich
"donald trump
"donald trump and his political campaign have become
 and it’s not winning"
"donald trump s popularity with african-americans is somewhere near zero. still
"after gov. pat mccrory (r) signed hb2   dubbed the  bathroom bill    into law
 watergate prosecutor shreds him"
 gets arrested"
"donald trump is a petty thin-skinned wannabe dictator who loves revenge. and this is proof.as we all know
"the media everywhere seems to be jumping on the new revelation of hillary clinton s emails without actually reading what was written by fbi director james comey.while donald trump
" shark tank  star and insanely successful real estate mogul barbara corcoran has known republican nominee donald trump for over three decades   and she recently showed that there s no one better to drop a truth bomb on america about who the donald really is.in an epic interview with erin burnett
"republican presidential nominee donald trump has made life a living hell for party leaders since he first began to rise in the polls way back in the overcrowded gop primary season. against all odds
"when fox news goon jesse watters went to chinatown in new york to put together an incredibly racist segment filled with asian stereotypes
"this election is already the nastiest one on record in american political history. the aftermath could end up being the bloodiest if trump supporters follow through on their threats. if she s in office
 this is what happened (video)"
"a new report indicates that vice president joe biden s long tenure in washington
"at a rally in toledo
"the domestic terrorists who staged an armed takeover of a federal facility have been given a  not guilty  verdict by a jury in portland
"libertarian presidential candidate gary johnson isn t doing too well in the polls
"if there is a special place in hell for a woman who works against the best interests of women
 state voting officials call bullsh!t"
"donald trump keeps saying that all the women who have come forward alleging that he acted in a sexually inappropriate way toward them are liars. however
"making sure that democrats take control of the senate just became even more important.ever since justice antonin scalia died in february
 big oil and wall street"
"it s clear that donald trump thinks his daughter is beautiful. there s nothing wrong with that. all fathers are supposed to believe that
"if trump supporters seriously want black people to vote for the republican nominee
"the new york times published a piece displaying the 282 people donald trump has insulted on twitter since he announced his run for the white house. it had to be a  daunting task for the paper because the gop nominee uses his twitter account like a punching bag against anyone who hurts his tender feelings. the gop presidential nominee needs to be in an anger management group instead of social media. according to donald
"conservatives claim that voter id is necessary to catch illegal voters
"newt gingrich must really be regretting his little temper tantrum on megyn kelly s show now.because his tirade about kelly being more  fascinated  with sex than policy really has backfired spectacularly in the last 24 hours
"democrats appear to be completely fed up with donald trump s bizarre conspiracy theory where he alleges   without evidence   that the presidential election will be  rigged.  trump has also called on his supporters to show up in minority-heavy voting precincts in a move that many believe is an attempt to suppress the vote
"for months
"most political campaigns prefer to spend the bulk of their money on ad buys
"newt gingrich just got owned by the ladies of  the view. on tuesday night
"the all lives matter movement may have just found its new spokesperson. on wednesday morning
"sean hannity is a dick and twitter let him know it.during his radio show on tuesday
"donald trump s hollywood star on the walk of fame was utterly destroyed early this morning by a man wielding a sledgehammer and a pick ax.trump s star has been the site of vandalism before. earlier this year
 and it’s awesome"
 says he would ‘love’ to fight ‘mr. tough guy’ (video)"
"newt gingrich completely disrespected megyn kelly
"the fbi has actually received a voter suppression complaint
"it s fox news
"if you ve at all been watching the news coverage of donald trump rallies lately
"we all know trump is vindictive. if he wasn t
"new video has surfaced adding to the mountain of evidence that while working alongside his father
 talks ‘world war three’ (video)"
 wants to send president obama and his family back to africa"
"matt forney has an awfully disturbing prediction for what might happen as a result of republican nominee donald trump running for office
"trump has no compassion
"donald trump s vitriol and sexism just made a texas judge leave the republican party
"colin powell is a republican
"donald trump keeps claiming that the election is rigged. well
"after watching their republican nominee insult nearly every minority living in america
"one of the more popular segments on  jimmy kimmel live  is  celebrities read mean tweets.  sometimes kimmel runs special editions
"michelle obama is arguably the strongest weapon hillary clinton s campaign has when it comes to fighting donald trump. and according to president obama
"trump has been very clear for the last week or so   he will not accept the results of election night if he s not the winner. he even said at a rally in ohio: i would like to promise and pledge
"hillary clinton often talks about how donald trump can be baited with a tweet
 and it’s f**king amazing (video)"
"these kinds of slaps on the wrist should get judges fired. period.wesley dylan marshall is probably only going to serve 75 percent of a ridiculous 10 day jail sentence for what he did to a 19-year-old woman this past july.during a stay at the church hill motel with the woman and another man
"eric trump
"donald trump is all about free speech
 offer to defend his accusers for free (tweets)"
"sean hannity openly supports donald trump for president and has turned his media platform into the republican nominee s propaganda machine.indeed
"if you needed more proof that donald trump is a toxic hateful bully
"economists
"donald trump is a liar. he will do and say anything in his never-ending quest for more and more money and power. this is never thrown into sharper relief than buy the extreme shifts in policy positions since he decided to run for president as a republican. in doing so
"very few people with significant money or power in this country are voting for donald trump. even the koch brothers are publicly backing off supporting the toxic
"very little is more infuriating for women than to have our appearances policed. yet
"gop presidential nominee donald trump has been steadily ripping the republican party apart at the seams due to the embarrassing travesty of a campaign he s been running. this is especially true since the surfacing of a tape of trump and former access hollywood host billy bush having what is quite possibly the most lewd
"donald trump will probably want to dump his new favorite slogan now.the republican nominee has for talking for weeks about how he should be elected so he can  drain the swamp  in reference to the lawmakers and federal employees who work in washington d.c.
"donald trump s recent talk of a  rigged election  is dangerous
 and it’s vile"
"when it comes to the trump family
"prisoners of war are routinely subjected to torture. one form of torture that is regularly used is waterboarding
"donald trump is a lot of things
"the presidential debates have been comedy gold for saturday night live and a disaster for donald trump and that didn t change last night.like the first two debates
"the idea of there being a group of people who are gay and actively support the gop is pretty ludicrous
"during all the fallout from the  access hollywood  tape that first revealed donald trump to be a sexual predator
 asks donald to give the order to assassinate"
000 black votes"
"pennsylvania is always one of the most sought-after states in presidential elections
"while the controversy over trump s personal tax returns continues
"it was just a simple tweet but stephen king s latest post about donald trump turned into something so much more with help from his devoted fans.with halloween just around the corner
"donald trump just broke his biggest promise to his supporters in a bigly way.during his speech in gettysburg
 and republicans only have themselves to blame"
"donald trump jr. tried in vain to brush off his dad s boasts of being able to sexually assault women
"one of trump s minions just embarrassed herself on cnn and everyone laughed at her.during a discussion on friday night
"music mogul russell simmons has been friends with republican nominee donald trump for the past 30 years
"donald trump probably thought that running for president would be a huge boon for all his businesses. however
"curt schilling
 falls flat on his face instead (video)"
"donald trump loves beautiful women. we know that because he s told us that
 most twisted way imaginable"
"it s not an exaggeration to say that donald trump has narcissistic personality disorder. he has pretty much every characteristic to classify him as such:sorry
"former kkk grand wizard david duke has officially qualified to participate in the louisiana state senate debate after pulling in a whopping five percent of the vote in a new poll. the debate will be televised and is being held at a historically black university.duke
"grab your popcorn and sit down because trump just posted a tweet that proves how delusional he really is.it s been two days since the third presidential debate
"donald trump has dragged the republican party so far down the toilet that former republican national committee chairman michael steele won t vote for him.during a dinner in san francisco on friday
 and it’s beyond compare"
"a texas lawmaker just defended donald trump s remark toward hillary clinton during the third and final presidential debate. clinton was discussing social security and medicare when donald interrupted her to say the democratic presidential nominee is  such a nasty woman.  apparently rep. brian babin (r-tx) agrees with donald. you know what
"trump voters are stupid enough to defend him no matter what he does. as trump himself has pointed out
 audience boos him and cheers hillary (video)"
"donald trump set off a lot of alarm bells with his claim in the last presidential debate that he would not graciously concede the election lost unless he had been convinced that the contest was not  rigged
"republicans have a knack for making bad choices
"during the last presidential debate
"with republican presidential nominee donald trump claiming he may not accept the election results on november 8th if he loses to hillary clinton
"cnn host carol costello was so fed up with a trump s supporter s claims of voter fraud that she threatened to cut the interview short and then destroyed her with facts.crazy trump supporter betsey mccaughey made every effort to squeeze in every little claim of voter fraud she could think of during her appearance on cnn on thursday. this nation has been victimized by rampant election fraud
"donald trump just declared himself a threat to our democracy.during the final presidential debate in las vegas on wednesday night
"in a video that everyone should see
"two days ago
"there were many notable moments from last night s presidential debate thanks to republican nominee donald trump
"sarah palin agrees with donald trump that democrats will somehow cheat to help hillary clinton win on election day
"donald trump is semi-right: this election might be rigged. however
"when donald trump s cnn stooges tried to defend his remarks about whether he would accept the results of the election or not
"in the last debate
"the only way that trump can talk about immigration
"a 19-year old kid is upset about the debate over the u.k. s  tampon tax
"vermont senator bernie sanders is in full campaign mode
"we ve been drowning in the final stretch of this presidential election cycle since august. at three weeks out
"there s been news erupting all over the place regarding what guests donald trump will be inviting to the last presidential debate. so far
"hours before the third and final presidential debate
"things started to fall apart faster than ever just hours before donald trump would face off against hillary clinton in the final presidential debate.as everyone geared up and prepared for one of the most monumental moments of this election cycle
"@midnight host chris hardwick found it very amusing to listen to melania trump complain about how  damaging  social media is to children when her own husband says incredibly offensive and outrageous things on twitter every day. yesterday
"this lack of oversight proves that donald trump is totally unfit to be president.earlier this week
"donald trump supporters often say that they are voting for the bombastic self-proclaimed billionaire because he s a job creator. perhaps he is a job creator
"defending satan is hard. that s what kellyanne conway learned during an appearance on msnbc on wednesday morning.with eleven hours to go before the third presidential debate kicks off
"until today
"have you noticed that donald trump has opted to not attack or retaliate against elizabeth warren for quite some time? that s because the massachusetts senator is a professional truth teller whose epic tweetstorms put the republican nominee in his place each and every time.indeed
"when hillary clinton called half of trump supporters  deplorables
 new poll shows"
"one of donald trump s top campaign officials has once again made a gross sexist comment while defending the nominee. appearing on cnn to discuss the large group of women who have accused trump of unwanted sexual advances and misconduct
 gets humiliated by secretary of state"
"the hell with parody
"the only state keeping the republican party viable at the national level in presidential races is the state of texas. texas and its 38 electoral votes help to form the backbone in any republican quest for the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency.republicans have not lost texas since 1976
"donald trump is obsessed with himself. so obsessed that he covers his wall with covers of magazines and newspapers that have his face on them
"just when you thought republicans couldn t get more deplorable
"as donald trump and his supporters continue to live in a frightening amount of denial that they are losing this election
"former people magazine writer natasha stoynoff has produced six witnesses who corroborate her allegations when she said donald trump was  pushing me against the wall and forcing his tongue down my throat. we walked into that room alone
 ‘christian’ trump supporter leaves waitress unbelievably sexist note (image)"
"everybody under the sun has had something to say about trump s boasts of sexual assault in the bombshell  pu**ygate  tape and the avalanche of accusations against him that followed. everyone that is
"most americans wish that the 2016 presidential election were already over
"donald trump s new strategy to spin away from the sexual assault avalanche that is burying him apparently includes accusing hillary clinton of sexual assault.because that s exactly what trump minion gina loudon did during an appearance on cnn with don lemon on monday night.loudon and fellow trump minion betsey mccaughey tried to steer the discussion from trump s sexual assault comments to claims of mass election fraud
"most sane people have been extremely alarmed that we have a toddler in a 70-year-old man s body at the top of a major party s presidential nominee. that person is
"donald trump is seriously stupid.considering all of the sexual assault allegations against him
 historical support among young voters"
"we know trump is a sexual predator. we know he s racist. we know he welches on contracts. we know he flies off the handle at the slightest hint of an insult. we know his foreign policy will get us into war with the entire planet
"time and time again
"donald trump is again under fire from allegations of misbehavior on the topic of sexual conduct on the set of his reality show
"terrified and unable to accept that he s destroyed almost all chances of winning this election
"trump campaign manager kellyanne conway ran into a buzzsaw named wolf blitzer on monday and she was absolutely shredded with facts.the cnn host grilled conway for being a hypocrite when it comes to women who are accusing republican nominee donald trump of sexual assault versus the women who accused bill clinton of sexual assault twenty years ago. why do you believe that voters should believe bill clinton s accusers
"conservative  christian  leaders who still support donald trump despite his sexism and remarks about sexual assault are feeling the wrath of christian women right now.when donald trump was caught bragging about groping women
"president barack obama hasn t exactly kept his disgust and disdain for republican nominee donald trump a secret
"with the release of the 2005 access hollywood tape revealing republican presidential nominee donald trump saying lewd remarks that revealed him to be a sexual predator
 john mccain just handed democrats the senate (audio)"
"a pennsylvania man apparently failed basic biology
"one of donald trump s latest conspiracy theories he s been spreading far and wide about his opponent hillary clinton is that she s on drugs and there should be a drug test before the next debate.of course
"as donald trump condemned democrats as  animals  on sunday because a gop office was firebombed on saturday night
"san francisco 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick again took to his knee during the national anthem in sunday s game against the buffalo bills
"elizabeth warren went on the attack against donald trump again on sunday and you can bet that the republican nominee is fuming about it.during a rally in colorado
"vice president joe biden has been a strong advocate for sexual assault victims and he is letting it be known exactly where he stands when it comes to donald trump bragging about being a sexual predator.during the interview on meet the press
 kicks gop civil war into high gear (tweets)"
 rips trump to pieces in must-read rant"
"donald trump has been coming apart at the seams before our very eyes. the public has noticed
"new mexico republicans are resorting to intimidation tactics to scare voters into voting for donald trump.the republican party is literally sending out flyers to people across the state warning them that if they don t vote gop on election day they will tattle on them to their neighbors and make life more difficult for them.according to the daily beast
"trumpkins fancy themselves true american patriots
"using a pimp for pedophiles as a witness is something only a sleazy and desperate lawyer would do.but former nyc mayor and trump supporter rudy giuliani did it anyway during an appearance on cnn to defend donald trump against accusations of sexual assault and jake tapper was quick to burn him for it.from the start
"nbc news third post-leaked audio
"alec baldwin didn t even wait to taste trump s salty yet delicious tears after his brilliant saturday night live smackdown of the 2016 nominee. baldwin perfectly captured the disaster that was trump s performance during the second presidential debate
"donald trump has seen saturday night live s cold open portrayal of him and it caused him to throw a hissy fit like a toddler.alec baldwin once again turned in a brilliant and hilarious performance as the republican nominee during the second debate and it was so goo that donald trump took to twitter to criticize the actor and whine about the sketch. watched saturday night live hit job on me
"jim stachowiak is a staunch trump supporter who is just sick and tired of it all (though he probably couldn t name an actual problem the united states has) and wants to take his country back and make it great again just like the donald says. sure
"right in the middle of the nine thousand scandals swirling around donald trump comes one about his running mate
’ this is the perfect reply"
"president obama should put the national guard and other military units on standby on election day.because if trump supporters don t get the results they want
"donald trump has claimed to be a billionaire who was willing to spend major dollars in order to secure the white house and remain independent. in reality
"donald trump
"we ve heard all kinds of reasons why people shouldn t vote for trump
"after it was revealed in the leaked access hollywood tape that donald trump admitted to sexually assaulting women
"there is no getting away from donald trump
"as donald trump s poll numbers drop
"donald trump s lewd and predatory remarks about women is causing him to lose support with republicans but his conservative followers just don t care. what s really alarming about this is that we even have to have a discussion to explain that sexual assault is a bad thing.the daily show s jordan klepper just confirmed that when visiting a trump rally in pennsylvania to get his supporters  take on the reality-show-star-turned-gop-presidential-candidate s  grab them by the pussy  comments.klepper asked if trump had finally crossed the line. one supporter said
 practically tries to incite civil war (video)"
"tom hanks is definitely voting for hillary clinton and he perfectly explained why earlier this week.during an interview with the press association to promote his latest film
"bill maher laid into red state voters on friday night for sacrificing whatever humanity they had left to continue supporting donald trump.the republican nominee s comments about groping women
"given how vile trump s treatment of women is
"fox news host dana perino is finally so sick and tired of republicans supporting donald trump despite all of the sexual assault allegations that she will no longer defend them.during friday s edition of the five
"we were all waiting for this. law & order: svu has announced that they will be doing an episode based on donald trump s child rape case   and it will air before the election.the nbc show has often made episodes that are  ripped from the headlines
"donald trump s damage control regarding his penchant for sexually assaulting women is reaching ever-darker corners of evilness. one of his accusers
"the fbi thwarted an act of domestic terrorism on friday when they arrested three white men for plotting to blow up an apartment complex in kansas.curtis allen
 exposes truth about his ‘temperament’ (tweets)"
"marlee matlin may have had no comment on thursday when it was revealed that donald trump called her  retarded  because she is deaf
"it appears that former democratic presidential candidate and u.s. senator bernie sanders has tanked a drug company s stock with just one tweet. the tweet was directed towards ariad pharmaceuticals. ariad owns a treatment for chronic myeloid leukemia callediclusig . ariad has raised the price of the drug four times in recent history.the last time the raised the price of the drug
"the apple never falls far from the tree
"donald trump is backed into a corner. after he was caught on tape admitting to sexually assaulting women
"another bit of news from the past has come back to haunt donald trump s already imploding campaign.only days after an entertainment tonight clip went viral showing donald trump talking about how he will be dating the 10-year-old girl he just met in ten years
 but he gets the last laugh a year later"
"when ben carson was asked about the multiple women accusing donald trump of sexually assaulting them
"appearing on cbs this morning
 didn’t donate until he was campaigning (details)"
"two donald trump supporters openly carrying firearms lurked outside of a a democratic candidate s office for 12 hours on thursday. apparently
"montel williams is an outspoken opponent of donald trump s campaign and has been hitting the republican nominee particularly hard as of late over his predatory sexual behavior.here goes accused predator @realdonaldtrump lying about the black community again  montel williams (@montel_williams) october 13
"a man almost lost his life on a flight out of detroit because of a racist flight crew member who apparently forgot that it s 2016 and black women are allowed to be doctors. i know
"the white house has warned donald trump not to turn his attacks to michelle obama
"republicans everywhere have been denouncing trump for his boasts about sexually assaulting women
"as if donald trump hasn t angered enough people already
"donald trump supporter kayleigh mcenany was taken to the woodshed on thursday by cnn s jake tapper.cnn has been asking trump surrogates why they are portraying women accusing the republican nominee of sexual assault as liars but are so adamant that bill clinton s accusers are telling the truth.jeffrey lord stammered and did a death spiral when anderson cooper questioned that hypocrisy earlier in the day. so cnn host jake tapper posed the same question to mcenany and she crashed and burned.mcenany began by declaring that every woman who makes a sexual assault allegation should be heard
"donald trump has often campaigned as the self-described  law and order  candidate in the 2016 presidential election. but one of the men trump tried to persecute is speaking out against the reality tv star.as recently as last week
"one of twitter s top trending hashtags is full of women who ve been harassed and assaulted
"to hear donald trump tell it
"since disgusting revelations came to light that show the republicans  horse crap-covered
"donald trump s army of deplorables are viciously attacking first lady michelle obama because she dared to condemn his predatory sexual behavior towards women.on thursday
"when one becomes any sort of public figure   especially a political public figure   one s past is often scrutinized. therefore
"it s looking as though republican presidential candidate donald trump is losing support even from within his own ranks. you know things are getting bad when even your top surrogates start turning against you
 bill writes hillary a love note; the right flips out"
"while holding back tears in manchester
"while many churches defend pastors who have raped or molested children in their congregations
 brilliantly rips him from end to end (video)"
 now he’s even running away from sean hannity (details)"
"trump mouthpiece jeffrey lord got his a** handed to him by anderson cooper on wednesday night for once again bringing up juanita broaddrick in response to sexual assault allegations against the republican nominee.during the segment
"as droves of women come forward to tell of the horrifying sexual
"liberty university president jerry falwell jr. still supports donald trump even after the recently released video showing the reality show star turned gop presidential nominee bragging about sexually assaulting women. however
"when donald trump boldly declared that he had been released from the  shackles  of the gop (that was him shackled?) star trek and big bang theory actor wil wheaton just couldn t resist. it began with a one-word
"yesterday
"natasha stoynoff
"trump s supporters
"following a horribly disastrous weekend for donald trump
"nobody with any brains has ever accused rush limbaugh of understanding pretty much anything at all
"donald trump is a sexual predator
 demand we repeal women’s right to vote (tweets)"
"trump rallies are not for the meek. they re for the racist
 launches insane attack (video)"
"the donald trump presidential campaign is in trouble. he s behind in the polls
"ever since the leaked tape of donald trump s hot mic before appearing on access hollywood revealing he has sexually assaulted women
"if rudy giuliani is going to continue bringing up 9/11
"not only is donald trump an admitted serial groper and adulterer
"another republican woman is telling the gop to go f*ck themselves because they still support donald trump.melissa gesing had hoped that her party would condemn and drop their endorsement of donald trump entirely after audio emerged of the republican nominee bragging about groping women.but after the national leader of the organization she belongs to announced their continuing support of the admitted serial groper
"now that donald trump has shot himself in the foot by picking a fight with the entire republican party (after leaked revelations showed him gleefully admitting to sexually assaulting women)
"by his own admission
"a donald trump supporter was arrested monday after threatening to beat a black woman and calling her racial slurs outside a shoprite store
"conservative radio show host alex jones recently proclaimed that president obama and hillary clinton are really demons
"steve bannon
"for the last year and a half
"at a hillary clinton rally in greensboro
"the republican civil war is heating up as members of the party have begun an all-out campaign to stop their own presidential nominee from causing harm to the country. that (probably futile) battle is taking shape as republicans are now asking trump to stop claiming that the election is  rigged. somebody claiming in the election
"the comedy central roasts of celebrities are well known and hilarious
"ever since donald trump got exposed through an audio tape leak for bragging about how he sexually assaults women
"donald trump thinks he should be president despite bragging about sexually assaulting women by grabbing them  by the p*ssy.  but he once fired a woman for saying something far less inflammatory in his boardroom.during the final moments of an episode of celebrity apprentice in 2010
"a microphone guy who worked on the apprentice just came forward to tell the world that donald trump often referred to him as a  f*cking monkey. according to buzzfeed news
"after the 2005 audio tape of republican nominee
 non-partisan humane society has brutal words for trump (video)"
"throughout the course of donald trump s campaign for the presidency
 it’s just what they do"
"a longtime republican activist in wisconsin is so disgusted by donald trump s groping comment and gop refusal to unendorse him that she just quit the party and ripped them a new one on twitter.marybeth glenn has always defended republicans against charges of sexism but donald trump s remarks about grabbing women  by the p*ssy  are so indefensible that she was disgusted that most republicans still support him as the nominee.in fact
"republican presidential nominee donald trump is in full implosion mode. ever since a lewd
"the women of the view played the tape of trump s grotesque remarks about groping women and they unanimously condemned him.the panelists of the show have a wide range of political views from liberal to conservative
"donald j. trump s rape trial will be held on december 16th and the alleged victim will be represented by a high profile attorney. this follows the gop presidential nominee s leaked  hot mic  video surfacing in which he brags about sexually assaulting women.casey anthony was acquitted of murder charges with the help of attorney cheney mason and now
 but trump won’t talk about it"
 team clinton makes a huge new move to crush the gop"
"the trump campaign is self destructing. if things get any worse between now and the election day
"donald trump seems to be willfully ignorant when it comes to a russian cyber-security threat. he displayed this once again during the second presidential debate.trump stated that he didn t know whether there was russian involvement in regards to hacking and the election
 thousands of jobs lost (details)"
"it s no secret that house speaker paul ryan only grudgingly accepted donald trump as the gop nominee. after all
"how much more depraved does a so-called pastor have to get before people acknowledge that he is not a real christian?because one would think that conservative  christians  of all people would be absolutely opposed to donald trump after his lewd comments about groping women came to light on friday.but evangelical leaders are willing to abandon their own supposed values and continue supporting trump as long as it means hillary clinton does not become president.family research council head tony perkins made that clear on saturday when he still voiced support for trump despite his  grab them by the p*ssy  remark. my personal support for donald trump has never been based upon shared values
"if you wanted to see how low the trump campaign would go to win
"donald trump thought bringing juanita broaddrick to the second presidential debate would be a good idea.for people who might have forgotten
 makes it clear trump is unfit (video)"
"with 28 days left to go until election day
"this is why we miss dan rather at the cbs news desk.at a time when the media often fails to dig deep and ask the hard hitting questions all for the sake of ratings
"now
"republicans are caught between a rock and a hard place and democrats are poised to take advantage of the chaos.the avalanche that buried the republican party on friday is causing mass panic among gop candidates up and down the 2016 ballot.trump s vulgar remarks about groping women has resulted in many republicans withdrawing their support of his presidential campaign. but whether they stick with him or turn their backs on him
"donald trump
"if you watched the second presidential debate last night
"the second presidential debate between donald trump and hillary clinton sunday night was bizarre to say the least. donald lurked behind clinton onstage
"what in the hell was donald trump doing? no
 campaign imploding (image)"
"while hillary clinton was busy tearing donald trump orange limb from orange limb on the debate stage
"melania trump
"there may be trouble in paradise amid the folks over at the donald trump campaign. after the recent tapes were leaked showing trump to the misogynistic sexual predator that he so absolutely is
"after a voter asked a question at the second presidential debate regarding obamacare
"well
"at the second presidential debate
 and it’s epic (tweet)"
 and here’s how much it’ll cost to get it released"
"on sunday
"appearing on nbc s meet the press sunday morning
" i ll be back  is not what arnold schwarzenegger is telling the republican party this year. ever since the action movie icon became a united states citizen in 1983 he has faithfully voted for the gop presidential candidate but not this year.donald trump s vulgar remarks about groping women were too much for the terminator star
 not running for president (video)"
"donald trump is pledging to bring up bill clinton s sexual prowess at the second presidential debate. now that trump is in the hot seat over a hot mic leak that shows him gleefully admitting to sexual assault
"interim democratic national committee chairwoman donna brazile was crystal clear in what she thinks of donald trump and the bombshell tape that showed him boasting about sexual assault:  this is who donald trump truly is. during an interview on abc s this week
"fox news host sean hannity flew into a two-day rage desperately trying to defend donald trump.as revealed on friday
"a tape featuring donald trump proudly boasting about sexually assaulting women has rocked the gop this weekend. former new york city mayor rudy giuliani is trying to brush it off as no big deal
"donald trump s presidential campaign is spiraling out of control
 calling on pence to drop out"
"the gop and the donald trump for president campaign are reeling after the world watched and listened in horror to trump describing pursuits of married women and straight up sexual assault in some of the most vulgar terms imaginable with then- access hollywood producer billy bush. even trump s own wife and running mate couldn t defend what he s done
 and it’s perfect (video)"
"it turns out that there are more than just one audio recording out there where you can hear donald trump saying terribly misogynistic things. around the same period a hot mic caught donald trump bragging about using his fame to sexually assault women in 2005
"hillary clinton and most of her surrogates have stayed silent
"as the deseret news said on saturday
"it s been pretty obvious for a long time now that donald trump has a rather large crush on his daughter ivanka. even going so far as to say that if she wasn t his daughter he d be  dating her. it s gross to say the least
"a major indicator that donald trump s campaign might be over just occurred. the republican national committee has put a temporary halt on their program aimed at getting trump into the white house. according to an email obtained by politico
"after audio was leaked revealing republican presidential nominee donald trump speaking about women in a way that only a sexual predator would
"only a few days ago
"just when you thought support of donald trump would drop to zero it turns out there is still one group that backs him 100 percent. despite claiming to be all about  family values  and biblical principles
"donald trump s campaign just suffered its worst implosion yet
"mike lee (r-utah) has been a major figure in among congressional republicans in the #nevertrump movement.  following the release of audio recordings from 2005 that show just how much of a violent misogynist donald trump actually is
"hurricane matthew isn t the only hurricane
"robert de niro was supposed to appear in a non-partisan public service announcement for the get out the vote organization
"the fallout from what s turning out to be a thousand times worse than mitt romney s  47 percent  comment is spiraling out into the ether. those who are still loyal to trump are reaching ever further in a sad and sorry attempt to explain away his bragging about sexually harassing and assaulting nancy o dell back in 2005.first up is sean hannity
 campaign is panicking (video)"
 and it’s a total disaster (video)"
"the woman that trump claimed he tried so hard to sleep
"earlier today
"the white house announced on friday that it was  confident the russian government
"trump s campaign is continuing its ahem unorthodox methods following revelations that internal polling shows trump s numbers are even worse than they re letting on. less than five weeks before the election
 continues to accuse exonerated ‘central park five’ of rape (tweets)"
"donald trump is a misogynist. we all know that. he has demonstrated it many times
"remember the pro-trump white supremacist pac that was placing robocalls on the donald s behalf during the primaries? yeah
"hurricane matthew is helping republicans suppress voters who could help democrats win florida in november and fox news is gleeful about it.during a broadcast on fox business
"donald trump s first debate against his democratic rival hillary clinton went just as poorly as we thought it would   and conservatives know it. it s never been more clear that trump doesn t even deserve to be on the same stage as clinton
"the daily show needs to go after fox news more often because jon stewart would definitely be proud of this.earlier this week
"there is a disturbing trend in the trump campaign. after revelations in august came to light that trump campaign manager paul manafort was a lobbyist on behalf of pro-russian ukrainian leader viktor yanukovych
"david letterman may be retired but his opinion about donald trump still carries a lot of weight
 and her answers are beautiful"
"donald trump is concerned about the terminally ill   not about their ability to recover
"florida s republican governor rick scott is not allowing the impending pressure of hurricane matthew to interrupt his partisan push on behalf of donald trump in his state. the storm is expected to disrupt day-to-day operations in the state at multiple levels
"trump s biggest (and most insane) surrogate rudy giuliani just got some bad news   his daughter
"it can be said that florida
"it took speaker of the house paul ryan quite a while to endorse gop presidential nominee donald trump. this is understandable; after all
 so racists called her a ‘gorilla’"
"in 2015
"lindsey graham has been one of the biggest republican voices against gop nominee donald trump
"wow. that s a lot of lying.apparently
 clearly insane (images)"
"the list of people gop presidential candidate donald trump hasn t insulted keeps getting shorter and shorter. we know he regularly insults women and muslims and latinos and immigrants and african-americans. earlier in the week
"wanna watch donald trump crash and burn in front of his own supporters?the republican nominee held a rally in reno
"asian americans are pissed off after fox news ran a segment featuring racist bill o reilly goon jesse watters in chinatown.o reilly and watters billed the edition of watter s world as  good fun  and and mere  political humor. watters literally strolled through new york city s chinatown asking residents if they know karate and if they can  take care of north korea for us.  let s just say the segment pushed every stereotype about asian people watters and o reilly could think of. even o reilly acknowledged that fox news would get some letters.here s the video via youtube: [ad3media campaign= 1065 ]but they got way more than just some letters. the backlash has been swift and brutal as asian american organizations from across the country condemn fox news across the board for being so despicably and blatantly racist.asian americans advancing justice wrote
"sean hannity  went there.  in an argument with megyn kelly
"there are many things that are great about thursday s mike pence interview on msnbc s morning joe. the general uneasiness with which pence discusses his running mate
"she was there to learn more about donald trump in order to decide who to vote for
"fox news and the  o reilly factor  are well-known for their blatant racism
"while the amount of trump s ahem charitable giving is under investigation courtesy of the washington post
 congressional candidates fear wipeout"
"we ve heard nonstop from donald trump
"it is widely believed that gop vice presidential nominee governor mike pence of indiana won the one and only vice presidential debate of the season tuesday night. after all
 indicts him as one of the most dangerous candidates ever"
"things really aren t looking too great for donald trump s charity foundation. with recent developments prohibiting the trump foundation from soliciting funds in new york state
"if trump wants to win the rust belt
"if donald trump had his way
"the department of justice has begun their criminal probe into wells fargo over the firing of 5
"if there s one thing the donald trump is good at
"remember when fox host sean hannity directly asked donald trump if he would ever accept money from a country like saudi arabia that treats women
"if there is a single theme around this year s presidential contest
"republicans have officially sunk so low this election they couldn t possibly go deeper   or so you d think. last night s vice presidential debate showed two men
"as election day continues to get closer on the calendar
"one of the most insane things about republican nominee donald trump is that even when he massively f*cks up
 trump pissed (tweets)"
"while it was billed as a one-time-only clash between the vice presidential running mates
 makes huge mistake (video)"
"so
 and craziest
"nobody can accuse the gop of having it all together
"just judging from donald trump s disastrous performance at the first presidential debate last week
"republicans are so scared and desperate about the pence-kaine debate that they ve resorted to distorting tim kaine s record as a defense attorney   in which
"when conservatives refer to black people as  slaves  it totally undermines what little effort they put into trying to get their votes.but a conservative writer did exactly that in a racist article published by mediaite on tuesday in an attack on lebron james and mary j. blige for endorsing hillary clinton.in the opinion piece titled  lebron james
"no matter how much they don t want to admit it to be true
"in a surprising twist
"everyone involved with donald trump s campaign seems to have one job
"a new report from realclearpolitics is detailing what might be another illegal endeavor of donald trump at the behest of his  charitable foundation  (which has already been caught illegally using funds to pay off lawsuits).from 2011 to 2014
"during a debate in new hampshire
"donald trump is on the receiving end of a gigantic tongue-lashing from vide president joe biden after trump made yet another set of offensive comments about american combat veterans.speaking in front of veterans at an event organized by a right-wing pac
"ivanka trump has been sort of the female face of her father s campaign
 so conservatives called them ‘n*****s’ (screenshots)"
"in something you might expect from a video game instead of real life
 and it’s masterful (tweet)"
"residents in aurora
"when will sarah palin learn that the best response when someone says something not-so-nice about her is to shut up?recently
"how would you feel if you found out that your child was being educated by an insanely racist person? for many parents with children attending chestatee elementary school in gainesville
 says nancy would have voted for hillary clinton"
"donald trump isn t subtle. he totally clueless and unaware of the world around him. he certainly isn t sensitive and he s definitely tone-deaf about pretty much everything. take today
"donald trump claims he will  make america great again
"since donald trump has to rely on make-believe to think he s actually winning in this presidential election
 and it’s horrifying (tweets)"
"four years ago
"in new leaked audio that will make your skin crawl
"donald trump is an unpatriotic loser
’ it makes him a shamelessly un-american freeloader"
"remember
"republican presidential nominee donald trump wants to pretend that he s for the working man
"for years republicans have been screaming about the  takers  in our society
"hillary clinton visited a predominately black church in north carolina on sunday
"there s something about donald trump and his surrogates. they threaten information that s bound to doom their opponents and then
"meet william quayle jr.
"democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton has wasted no time using the new york times  bombshell that was dropped on saturday. the revelation was that republican presidential candidate donald trump may have manipulated his taxes to make it so that he has not had to pay income taxes for two decades. now
"rudy giuliani not only insulted the intelligence of americans who pay their taxes every year like good citizens are supposed to do
"donald trump has one hell of a week. starting off with his abysmal performance in last monday s debate and ending with saturday s new york times  1995 tax bombshell. trump is currently being lambasted for his manipulation of the tax system and his refusal to release his tax returns.harry reid has joined in with rest of the left and has arguably released the most scathing indictment of trump on the matter of his taxes so far. trump is a billion-dollar loser who won t release his taxes because they ll expose him as a spoiled
"last night
 has complete nervous breakdown after his worst week ever (videos)"
"donald trump has been positioning himself as an outsider who is going to clean up the corruption that is rampant in the united states government. that is
"you can t say that both parties are the same when the republican nominee avoids paying taxes for 20 years while the democratic nominee pays her fair share.on saturday
"the season premiere of nbc s saturday night live! has been a much-anticipated event. the show s election based skits have always tended to be among their best. so far this season appears to keep up with that trend. during this premiere
"the chorus of voices saying
"while trump is busy lying about an adult film in a sorry attempt to shame former miss universe
"donald trump s economic proposals would be disastrous for the economy. that s the conclusion that germany s economic ministry concluded in an internal memo
"donald trump has a cocaine problem. as howard dean pointed out
 indicates he won’t accept an election loss (details)"
"three students at a florida high school are suspended for wearing kkk costumes to school for homecoming. the students from wiregrass ranch high school in pasco county no doubt thought they were being funny or cute
 blames black lives matter (video)"
 calls reporter the c-word (video)"
"this is hilariously perfect.hillary clinton has already responded to republican nominee donald trump s 3am temper tantrum on twitter but decided to double down early saturday morning by mocking him with a 3am twitter barrage of her very own. except whereas trump focused on hurling sexist insults
 and this is how"
"bill maher had nearly a week to plan how he wanted to lampoon loser donald trump s debate performance against hillary clinton and he did not disappoint.during his show on friday night
"it s become a weekly ritual: trump goes through each day
"true to form
"donald trump sure knows how to make you want to vomit. it s a skill he has mastered. this particular cringeworthy clip where he admits he thought paris hilton was hot at the age of 12 is one such moment.trump appeared on the howard stern show where he went on and on about how  beautiful  his daughter ivanka s bff was as a child and it is disturbingly creepy. now
"senator elizabeth warren just responded to donald trump s 3am temper tantrum by dropping the hammer on him.early friday morning
"seriously. this actually happened in america.milk costs 65 cents at graham park middle school in prince william county
"congressional republicans plan on dogging hillary and the fbi about her emails and use of a private server from now until kingdom come. it s a matter of mishandling classified info
 and it’s pretty damn hilarious (image)"
"donald trump s relationship with his daughter ivanka has definitely raised a few eyebrows. it s bad enough that all of his wives   including his current wife
 fat-shaming tantrum is absolutely magnificent (tweets)"
"on thursday night
 one of his top advisers quit (video)"
"star trek opposes donald trump for obvious reasons.in a lot of ways
"dubbed the  missing white voters
"the phoenix
"just hours after trump told millions of voters to watch alicia machado s sex tape
 continues miss universe feud with insane early morning twitter rant"
 begs readers not to vote for trump"
"trump loves to brag about his foundation while simultaneously ripping the clinton foundation
"mexico does not like donald trump
"during the first presidential debate
"while megyn kelly is a fox news anchor
 replace ‘unattractive’ female employees"
"in the age of oligarchy and near pandemic outbreaks of affluenza
 and it’s glorious (video)"
"the men of morning joe found donald trump s insults against women funny
"after 126 years of endorsing republican candidates for president
"the nazis see donald trump as their pathway back to power so they are joining his campaign in droves.it s not exactly a secret that white supremacists
 putting money in ‘killer’ fidel castro’s hands"
 stops her in the most disgusting way (video)"
"anyone with a heart knows that donald trump s public humiliation of former miss universe alicia machado is simply beyond the pale. trump called the poor girl  miss piggy
"poor gary johnson. poor
"donald trump is in deep sh*t because he refuses to apologize for sexist remarks he made about a miss universe contestant.during the presidential debate on monday night
"the ties between donald trump s presidential campaign and the regime of russian leader vladimir putin have been extensive and troubling as they ve been revealed over the course of the campaign. trump has repeatedly praised putin
"a teen opened fire at an elementary school in townville
"president obama had scathing words for the lawmakers who voted to overturn his presidential veto on a bill that will allow victims of terrorists to sue foreign nationals.the justice against sponsors of terrorism act (jasta) will allow the families of 9/11 victims to sue saudi arabia
"unless you count online polls that trump fans voted in multiple times to make it appear as if he won monday s presidential debate
"while trump crows about all the unscientific
"it s been a couple days since the first presidential debate
"there were a lot of memorable moments where donald trump looked like a moron during the presidential debate on monday
 and it’s all you hoped for (video)"
"even fox news is not pleased about sean hannity citing unscientific polls to claim that donald trump won the first debate with hillary clinton.not long after the republican nominee finished being clubbed by his democratic opponent
"fox news needs to take andrea tantaros  sexual harassment lawsuit seriously because she refuses to back down.the conservative network has repeatedly belittled tantaros and called her a liar ever since she slapped fox news with a sexual harassment lawsuit naming roger ailes and bill o reilly.tantaros has even dared her former fox employers to take a lie detector test
 fat shaming trump a new one (audio)"
"as donald trump continues to sink with female voters   including the crucial  white women with a college degree  who typically vote republican   his campaign has decided that the best way to court these important voters the only way they know how: blame hillary clinton for bill s infidelities.after failing to bring up the issue at the debate (in which trump congratulated himself for not doing)
"the prospect of president obama and his family being replaced in the white house by donald trump and his family is a very depressing thought to millions of americans
"when hillary clinton called out  half  of trump supporters for harboring deplorable behaviors   which include
"donald trump has frequently been compared to authoritarian leaders
 backs democrat for president"
 gets destroyed on twitter (tweets)"
"the media research center
"9-year-old charlotte
"during monday night s presidential debate
"if there s anyone in this day and age who most definitely doesn t mince words
"the earliest actual poll to come out of last night s debate was a cnn/orc poll showing that 62 percent of respondents believed hillary had won the debate. however
"allow me to begin by saying former dnc chair howard dean is the f*cking man. after tweeting that donald trump might be on cocaine   a reasonable observation based on the gop s actions during the first presidential debate   he could have backed down under scrutiny. he could have caved and apologized. instead
"mexico s former president
"monday night s debate between donald trump and hillary clinton was so one-sided that virtually everyone
"former new york city mayor rudy giuliani decided to weigh in on future president hillary clinton s ability to perform as president in a worse way than trump s  stamina  remarks at the first presidential debate. according to giuliani
 he most certainly has said that global warming is a chinese hoax (video)"
"following the presidential debate
"in the first half of the debate
"anyone watching monday night s highly charged presidential debate between hillary clinton and donald trump knows that hillary cleaned trump s clock. of course
"if you tuned into the first presidential debate last night
"donald trump spent monday night making a total ass out of himself in the first presidential debate. we were all waiting to see just what would happen tonight
"fox news host megyn kelly seemed to take a shot at sean hannity on monday night after the much anticipated first presidential debate when she had to throw the live coverage to an interview between her colleague and republican nominee donald trump.hannity has been a prime target for just about everyone ever since trump was formally nominated during the last night of the republican national convention in july. former daily show host jon stewart got the ball rolling that night by torching hannity for being a complete hypocrite when it comes to how he has covered president obama in the past to how he treats donald trump now.not long after that
 it was (video)"
"it s no secret that bill maher
"there s not much to say here. giphy killed it with this one: when someone goes on a rant but you have receipts.  #debatenight #debates2016 pic.twitter.com/ktgdwavaab  giphy (@giphy) september 27
"after monday s debate
"in discussing shootings and crime in the first of three presidential debates
 so here’s a handy guide (images)"
"the cornerstone of donald trump s presidential campaign can be summed up in just a few words: things suck and it s all obama s fault. for trump
"donald trump s lies are catching up to him one by one
"kansas is bleeding money and jobs and governor sam brownback doesn t want the people to know how devastating his economic policies have been.in 2011
 ‘we’ve seen this before’ (video)"
"donald trump supporters are so desperate to be in power that they are threatening america at gunpoint to vote for him or be killed.that s what georgia trump fan jimmy arno is preparing for after the election votes are tallied in november because he expects a bloody civil war to break out in order to overthrow the government before hillary clinton is inaugurated.arno is even considering joining a right-wing militia
"there s already been hints from nbc news that lester holt
"defending donald trump is no easy task
"lately
"ahead of tomorrow night s debates
"david duke
"throughout the past 19 years
"win or lose
"the cincinnati enquirer has endorsed republicans for president for nearly a century but donald trump forced the paper to break the streak..despite having reservations about hillary clinton
"republicans in congress used tax dollars to send armed agents to harass a former aide to secretary hillary clinton as part of the never-ending fishing expedition into clinton s emails.bryan pagliano was a tech aide who helped to set up the server for clinton s emails
"sarah palin
"nobody shouted  all lives matter  until people started saying
 the gloves come off"
"a louisiana deputy city marshal is in hot water after body cam footage revealed him shooting at a suspect who had his hands up in the air. this is
"the epidemic of black men being killed at the hands of police officers in america has not gone unnoticed on the international stage. according to aaccording to a report by a united nations working group
"it s no secret that russia is very pro-donald trump
"early voting has begun in the battleground state of north carolina
"eric trump tried to spin a tale on fox news about how his father started with nothing to build a business empire
"someone had to say it. okay
"if republicans and donald trump really care about our military veterans
 gives video of husband’s final moments to press"
"if you want to watch a conservative throw a temper tantrum just mention slavery and grab your popcorn.because when first lady michelle obama talked about slavery and the great progress our country has made since the civil war during an interview at the new smithsonian institution s national museum of african american history and culture
"donald trump thinks african-americans are worse off now than they have ever been
"it s no wonder trump is losing   and losing badly   with women. a new poll from mcclatchy-marist shows clinton leading trump by 24 points among registered female voters (58 percent to 34 percent)
"if you ve spent much time on social media
"we are heading into yet another day of unrest in charlotte
"a member of donald trump s presidential campaign has creepy words about what could happen if her candidate becomes president of the united states. as part of a pbs frontline special on the candidates
 god is now protecting donald trump from a ‘concentrated satanic attack’ (video)"
"in case you have been living under a rock
"while charlotte
 without any proof"
"since the reagan administration
"there s a lot being said about football players across the nfl standing together in unity against police brutality. this is even more pertinent now
"a senior member of the congressional black caucus stepped up to a lectern on the house floor on thursday and listed all the innocent activities that can be a death sentence for african-americans.rep. barbara lee (d-calif.)
"president obama is right   it appears the people running the trump campaign skipped their history and civics classes.after donald trump got a lashing from black activists after claiming it s  never been worse  for them than it is right now
"pennsylvania republicans are trying to jam a bill through the statehouse that would go into effect immediately to allow voter intimidation across the state on election day in support of donald trump.first proposed in june
"fox news host sean hannity desperately tried to smear terence crutcher on wednesday as a violent criminal who was wanted by police but was repeatedly shut down by a local tulsa news anchor.crutcher was shot and killed by white police police officer betty shelby even though he had his hands up and was surrounded by other police officers. the murder was caught on camera.clearly
 white house announces"
"last night
"while giving a speech at a church rally in cleveland
"with this presidential election being as absolutely bizarre as it is
"donald trump is calling for one of the most controversial and racially charged policies enacted by police departments to be expanded across the entire country. the city of new york recently ended  stop and frisk
 guns in america in breathtaking new song (video)"
 makes up military service"
"in an interview with a toledo
"world-renowned writer/director joss whedon has returned to social media with a vengeance and a message that needs to be heard by everyone. especially those who are apparently severely apathetic to the election this year.the avengers director and buffy the vampire slayer creator knows all too well that we can t sit this election out and has recruited some of the biggest names in the entertainment industry to get his message out there.his save the day pac is described as such: we are a short-form digital productions company dedicated to the idea that voting is a necessary and heroic act. that every voice in this wonderfully diverse nation should
"this should come as no surprise to most of us
"it s official. trump s supporters will vote for donald trump no matter what he does or what lies he tells
 sheriff joe says he’s still investigating obama’s birth certificate"
"as we know
"police say keith lamont scott had a gun. scott s family says he was just reading a book.but it doesn t matter what the facts are
"months ago
"donald trump has again made a huge mistake while referring to life experienced by many black americans every day. the screw-up in question came as trump seriously argued that the lives of blacks today are worse than they were during slavery and in the jim crow segregation era.speaking at a rally in kenansville
"protests have erupted in charlotte
"in 2011
"another day
"donald trump
"wouldn t it be nice if we could just kick bigots out of our country? well
"while rock band u2 s bono has had a career of being politically outspoken
"we ve all seen the horrific photos of children who are victims of the syrian civil war. perhaps the most infamous is the one of the little boy sitting
"a racist georgia man went completely off the deep end when faced with road work on his way home
"guess who george h.w. bush is voting for? he lost to bill clinton in 1992
"if donald trump has his way
"donald trump has a reputation in the media for being open and accessible to interview requests. he is known for a willingness to spout off to whoever sticks a microphone in front of his face
"the pro-gun crowd loves guns first
"while the media is focused on the horserace that will help determine politics for the next eight years
"milwaukee sheriff david a. clarke jr. has been a fixture on fox news in recent months
"donald trump is
"the whole world is talking about donald trump
"you ve got to love robert reich. the former secretary of labor under future first lady and former president bill clinton met a trump supporter at a coffee shop and couldn t resist stopping for a moment to ruin the poor guy s week by introducing him to a concept that is foreign to him: facts. i finally found a trump supporter   this morning when i went to buy coffee. (i noticed a trump bumper sticker on his car.)
"on monday
"nra board member
"donald trump appeared on fox & friends monday morning and blamed the weekend attacks in new jersey and new york city on refugees
"in a perfect democracy
"i woke up this morning to find a variation of this headline splashed all over my news feed:here s google:naturally
"the hosts of fox & friends were hoping a minnesota police chief would vilify the somali immigrants in his community and they promptly got their asses handed to them.on saturday
"there may be a few women out there who enjoy a man telling them to be more joyous in their presence
"the city of flint
"reince priebus openly threatened kasich and other republicans that they better blindly support donald trump or face the end of their careers. john kasich doesn t give a shit about priebus  pathetic threats.on sunday
"montel williams isn t afraid to express his absolute disgust and disdain for republican nominee donald trump   he s made it perfectly clear in the past that he would never support or vote for him
"when donald trump talks about america
 and he was too dumb to know it"
 hillary
"every four years
"a recent special report by james trimarco for yes! magazine has shined a spotlight on the way that certain banking institutions have perpetuated cycles of poverty and institutionalized economic racism. it also shows how a very specific set of banks are working to smash those systems. these banks are called community development financial institutions (cdfis).traditional banks have only one goal to make a profit. they are also incredibly racist
 stick together
"several top republicans have yet to endorse donald trump as the gop presidential nominee. on sunday
"donald trump and his supporters are vigorously trying to blame anyone but the billionaire conspiracy theorist republican nominee for his birtherism. former arizona governor jan brewer claimed on cnn this morning that there were plenty of democrats  all over the country  that questioned president obama s birthplace
"gay johnson appeared on cnn s reliable sources sunday morning where he made a gaffe that might just end his campaign. during an interview
"on sunday
"it s no secret that donald trump is cruel to women. look how he describes and refers to women he doesn t like (for personal or non-personal reasons). he s cheated on two of his wives
"there s nothing quite like hypocrisy on the grandest scale imaginable. so large
"while donald trump accuses hillary clinton of being crooked and freedom hating
"former defense secretary robert gates has judged both republican and democratic residential candidates for their ideas on foreign policy
"in case you didn t know
 and it could destroy the gop (video)"
"donald trump reverted to his usual grouchy
 and it’s vile (video)"
"just in case anybody s wondering just how dangerous trump s love of putin is
"elizabeth warren was back on the campaign trail for hillary clinton on saturday. during an event in the battleground state of ohio
"there are a lot of people who have a lot to say on the internet about our political process
"jason kander is a democrat running for a united states senate seat in missouri. the seat is currently held by roy blunt
"trump s way of handling the heat is simple: deflect
"steve cortes
"on friday
"the legendary anthropologist and expert on primates made some interesting remarks to the atlantic prior to trump officially being crowned as the republican nominee at the gop convention in july.in trump
"donald trump is rising in the polls
"a very pregnant kerry washington appeared on real time with bill maher on friday
"rachel maddow has a way of cutting to the point with a very sharp knife
"at this point
"donald trump is a liar. this is pretty well-established by now. but on friday he stopped telling the big lie
 george takei stepped in and tore him a new one (tweets)"
"when trump insulted john mccain for having been captured in vietnam by saying
"with absolutely no shame or apology
"donald trump has finally been convinced that president obama was indeed born on u.s. soil
"donald trump wanted the press to tour his brand new hotel in washington d.c.
"not long before donald trump pathetically admitted that president obama was born in the united states
"donald trump might try to tell american voters that he  cherishes  women
"president  zero f*cks left  obama strikes again.donald trump addressed his leading role in the birther conspiracy regarding president obama s birth certificate on friday
"donald trump gets a lot of attention for his orange skin and tiny hands
"ever notice that donald trump is more than willing to attack people when they aren t around
 brags about holding rally without his press corps"
"the trump campaign is definitely a racist one
 shreds trump
 won’t admit obama born in usa"
"rex huppke
"libertarians are convinced that their presidential ticket should be getting security briefings too
"on thursday
"buckle up. elizabeth warren
 calls him a ‘human leech’ (video)"
"hillary clinton shocked america a few days ago when she was forced to leave the 9/11 memorial in new york city early
"sometimes you ve got to laugh   especially if you re the democratic nominee
"if donald trump thought he was going to get away with calling the pastor of the black church he visited in flint
 proving how desperate gop is to nab hillary"
"to most people watching trump s disastrous appearance on quack pseudo-doctor
"if there s one rule in politics
 and trump’s campaign won’t like it at all"
"an arizona pastor used his position to get close to children for decades so he could rape them   and now he has finally been arrested by law enforcement.jose vicente morales of the iglesia impacto de fe church in phoenix was arrested at his home on september 9th and charged with sexual abuse
"ivanka trump s maternity leave plan hit a wall during an interview with cosmopolitan when she was asked about her father s belief that pregnant women are an inconvenience.republican nominee donald trump is clearly pandering to women by suddenly coming out in support of paid maternity leave in a desperate ploy to get women to vote for him.as it stands
"hillary clinton was wrong to say that half of donald trump s supporters are deplorable. because it s more like 100 percent
 surprise: trump lied about what happened when he visited a black church in flint"
"donald trump is likely pleasing the gop establishment lately because he hasn t been totally crazy. however
"donald trump must think women are stupid. recently
"if you are a young white male in america
 and he backs away like a wimp"
"this presidential election has been bringing everyone out of the woodwork to reveal their opinions on who is running. especially in regards to republican presidential candidate donald trump.one person who seems to be abundantly clear about his opinion on trump is former tonight show host jay leno. sitting down with the hollywood reporter
"colin powell is not voting for donald trump
"daniel pantaleo was caught on video using an illegal chokehold on eric garner
"the republican nominee s campaign has bragged about how he will appear on dr. oz and allow the television physician to read the results of his latest physical. i know this   that donald trump will turn over those records right to dr. oz and he will analyze it and it will be a surprise to donald trump what dr. oz is going to say
"a minnesota republican is desperately trying to convince voters that his years worth of racist
"republican presidential nominee donald trump touts his business prowess as his number one reason he will be great for working people should he be elected president of the united states. however
"as is normal these days for trump rallies
"a woman was raped by a football player at the university of north carolina and she says that when she reported the attack to campus police
"it might be hard to believe from the amount of praise she shells out for republican nominee donald trump
"the most infamous leader of the ku klux klan has just proven that the biggest bullies have the thinnest skins. former kkk grand wizard david duke
"sunday night
"house republicans are spending much of their time and the taxpayers  money persecuting hillary clinton in order to sabotage her presidential campaign
 and it’s the best thing ever (tweet)"
"if you ve subjected yourself to cable news over the last few days
"if you haven t noticed
 an offended cthulhu hilariously responds"
"another hypocritical  christian  politician gets caught sexually abusing a child and has the gall to blame the victim instead of taking personal responsibility.former hubbard
"after hillary clinton did the unthinkable   told the truth about the trump base of support   the republicans were quick to call it her  47 percent moment.  the politically incorrect group of right-wingers were furious that clinton wasn t being p.c.
"has bill o reilly really not learned what he says on video stays on video?because he clearly thought he could blatantly lie during an appearance on the today show on tuesday morning and get away with it.after being asked by savannah guthrie if he regretted defending roger ailes when gretchen carlson accused the fox boss of sexually harassing her
"republicans love minorities. let me rephrase that. republicans love minorities who regularly squat down and take a big dookie on their own people.donald trump s latino for trump founder is the perfect republican latino
"sometimes
"north carolina republican governor pat mccrory s bigotry is costing his state millions of dollars. since he signed into law a bill that effectively blocks any and all discrimination protections for lgbtq people
 and they won’t like it at all (tweet)"
"if you haven t noticed
"trump supporters have proven hillary clinton right once again.during a rally in ashville
"as part of his presidential campaign
"former ku klux klan leader david duke is over the moon with happiness after republican vice-presidential candidate mike pence refused to call him  deplorable. in a cnn interview on monday afternoon
"north carolina
 and it’s as crazy as it sounds (video)"
"ever since democratic nominee hillary clinton was forced to leave the 9/11 memorial in new york city yesterday due to health concerns (she was diagnosed with pneumonia)
"yesterday
"while the mainstream media and the hillary-haters go on about her health and her campaign s refusal to disclose her pneumonia
"rape culture is not just an american problem
"wells fargo
 but hilariously credits harry potter star (image)"
"while donald trump is urging gun owners to assassinate hillary clinton before the election
 he wants you to vote for hillary"
"matt lauer s performance as moderator of the iava commander-in-chief forum was roundly slammed
 forcing police officer to sit during national anthem"
"fox news is falling apart and no one is happier than marilyn manson
"wikileaks
"the right-wing was quick to claim that clinton had experienced her own  47% moment  with her  basket full of deplorables  remark. but nothing could be further from the truth. clinton s remark turns out to be fairly accurate.in fact
"it seemed like it took exactly 30 seconds for every person on the right-wing to take hillary clinton s early departure from a 9/11 memorial as proof that she is suffering from some severe medical disorder. in reality
"you may have heard that hillary clinton had a minor medical episode on sunday
"today s a somber day of remembrance for the lives lost 15 years ago in the world trade center
"political analyst bakari sellers appeared on cnn s state of the union sunday where he defended clinton s  basket of deplorables  statement and explained why he and voters of color are terrified of trump.diane black
 obama’s approval rating skyrockets"
 donald trump boasted his tower was now the biggest in manhattan"
"and his church supported him.an alabama  christian  pastor told a crowd at a mckenzie high school football game that if they don t stand for the national anthem they should be lined up and executed by our military.pastor allen joyner of the sweet home baptist church made the announcement prior to the match
"september 11
"on the day before the 15th anniversary of september 11
"when a donald trump minion whined about hillary clinton referring to trump supporters as a  basket of deplorables  krystal ball was there to destroy her with the truth.during a face-off between ball and scottie nell hughes on cnn on saturday
 so conservatives called her a ‘gorilla’ and ‘tranny’ (screenshots)"
"donald trump has lied about how and why he received $150
"most of the media is capitalizing off what hillary clinton said at a recent lgbt event that was held in new york city. unlike a donald trump gaffe every other hour
"for some reason
"miracle mattress of san antonio wants everyone to know that they ll never forget sept. 11
 in fact
"ever since hillary clinton generously
"donald trump made an odd statement about hillary clinton during a campaign rally in florida on friday night. trump told his supporters that clinton could shoot somebody and not be prosecuted for the crime. she is being so protected. she could walk into this arena right now and shoot somebody with 20
"the gop has
"during an interview on msnbc s hardball with chris mathews on friday
"yesterday marked the 45th anniversary of the attica prison uprising. the uprising was the first major prison uprising in the united states. today
"once again
"it has been 15 years since the world trade center twin towers fell. but republicans and donald trump still exploit it for political gain.during trump s primary run for the republican nomination
"stephen sondheim s  send in the clowns  just became all about donald trump thanks to legendary singer-songwriter barbra streisand.during a fundraiser in new york on friday night for democratic nominee hillary clinton
"president obama used the platform of his weekly address from the white house to address the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. in his speech
"democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton is not mincing words when it comes to the bigotry that runs rampant among donald trump supporters. while speaking in new york at a fundrasier focused on lgbtq issues
"donald trump is continuing his campaign of fear-mongering
"republicans hate it. they really really hate it
"the only time republicans want to actually help people is when it will help them
"the 2016 values voter summit is underway
"fox news is collapsing like a house of cards as the fallout over rampant sexual harassment continues.gretchen carlson got the ball rolling when she filed a lawsuit against the conservative network
 because of course he did (video)"
"msnbc host asked one final question during an interview with rudy guiliani on thursday and his answer caused matthews to take the former mayor to the woodshed.for years
"this church in ohio apparently doesn t understand who the victim is here.columbia road baptist church in north olmsted actually banned a teenage girl and her family from attending services until she apologizes to the wife of the man who sexually abused her.youth pastor brian mitchell had a wife and three kids
"if you ve recently noticed that you haven t seen melania trump recently
"trump supporter
 now obama is making them pay millions for it"
 hillary clinton opens up about her flaws"
"the seattle seahawks will become the first team to join 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick in protesting during the national anthem.according to starting linebacker bobby wagner
"the last thing this country needs right now is a president who will only cause tensions between our allies and ourselves. mexico is getting sick and tired of being bullied by donald trump so they are doing something about it.trump has threatened to punish mexico economically is they do not pay for his wall along the border and he has promised to nullify treaties such as nafta that promote free trade between canada
"the latest 2016 developments are completely unprecedented in our nation s history but donald trump doesn t care.despite the fact that classified intelligence briefings are supposed to be kept confidential and neutral during elections
"while most of the press is content in letting donald trump get away with the horrible things he says and won t hold his feet to the fire
"jason kauti
"goldman sachs group inc. has just sent the trump campaign a message that is going to make them furious
"after gop candidate donald trump and democratic candidate hillary clinton wrapped up their appearance on msnbc s  commander in chief  forum
"audience members and viewers watching msnbc s  commander-in-chief forum  were treated to a rare
"libertarian presidential candidate gary johnson has been seen as an alternative to donald trump for many republicans and other right-leaning types who can t stomach their own party s nominee and don t want to vote for hillary clinton. however
 so she punks them hard for it"
 and he can’t take it (tweets)"
"last night
 and it’s repulsive (tweet)"
 and it’s nothing like what we’ve heard"
 embarrasses himself with totally wrong claim (video)"
"as we all know
"history is once again being made thanks to president obama. on wednesday
 hammers trump with his illegal donations (video)"
"when ella dawson started a blog discussing her trials with genital herpes
"those wacky conservatives are at it again with a new
"most of us know that donald trump s fanbase is made up of some of the most privileged members of american society. a good majority of trump supporters are straight white men (and some women) who have never been faced with a true obstacle or discrimination a day in their life. but if you ask them
"a new ad by the hillary clinton superpac priorities usa was released on tuesday. it s perhaps the most frightening of all because it directly quotes trump saying
"the morning joe panel just nailed donald trump to the wall.the republican nominee and florida attorney general pam bondi have denied that that there was any pay-to-play going on between them when he made a sizable donation to her before she killed the case the trump university in her state.trump donated $25
"the city of portland
"in what s being compared to the infamous  daisy  commercial from the 1964 election
"something big happened in texas
"billionaire mark cuban had previously been rooting for donald trump
"a retired general has had enough of donald trump denigrating the men and women of the u.s. military currently engaged in the fight against isis and other terrorist elements. in an appearance on cnn
"just a few days after she made the decision to let an investigation of donald trump s trump university slide
"conservative commentator and devout trump lover ann coulter let her bigotry all hang out on monday when she attacked khizr khan
"throughout america
"elizabeth warren wants a say in who hillary clinton hires to be part of her administration s transition team. in fact
"if there is one thing the 2016 election has shown
"a new poll released from the washington post and surveymonkey has people scratching their heads. for the first time in four months
"one of donald trump s top advisers repeatedly tried to change the subject during an interview on msnbc on monday but tamron hall was having none of it.from the republican nominee s refusal to release his taxes to his illegal donation to pam bondi to his immigration policy
"recently
"an aging audience combined with a devastating sexual harassment lawsuit and the exodus of several high-profile hosts and the resignation of roger ailes has all but crippled the conservative propaganda machine in recent months.fox news has settled with former host gretchen carlson for $20 million after she revealed that ailes had been sexually harassing her for years. fox & friends host steve doocy was also named by carlson as a perpetrator but there has been no word as yet on whether he will also get the boot or resign. he probably wouldn t be able to get another job in the media anyway if he did.but soon after carlson s allegations
 says trump’s immigration plan won’t work (video)"
 trump calls her something hilarious (tweet)"
"it s hard to imagine that donald trump could give america any more reasons why he shouldn t be the country s next president
 trump immediately gets caught in a lie"
"on monday
"the trump campaign and the conservative media have been having a field day with hillary s health. the idea that she s in really bad health is an absolutely asinine theory that s gotten to the point where some are circulating fake medical documents
"vermont senator bernie sanders hit the campaign trail for his former opponent in the democratic primary on monday
 won’t say president obama is an american"
"this is the kind of trash donald trump is bringing into the political field.when daily beast reporter olivia nuzzi posted a story on her facebook page about the relationship between donald trump and marla maples written by colleague brandy zadrozny
"conservatives are throwing a collective hissy fit because president obama defended colin kaepernick s constitutional right to protest by not standing for the national anthem.the san francisco 49ers quarterback has been sitting during the national anthem in protest of the police brutality and inequality black people have been facing for years. conservatives have been bashing kaepernick ever since
 gave millions to the donald"
"the protest is growing.most people don t seem to understand that freedom and liberty is a two-way street. that when soldiers fight and die for our rights they did so for all of them.at least that s what conservatives don t understand since they ve been critical almost to the point of calling for violence against san francisco 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick for not standing during the national anthem in protest of police brutality. i am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color
"donald trump has constantly involved himself in one silly feud after another
"break out the popcorn   donald trump got busy bashing hillary clinton on his twitter account over her emails. again. because trump can only do two things on twitter: praise himself while pretending to thank his audiences
"arizona senator jeff flake can t vote for donald trump. he said so on cnn. he won t vote for hillary
"donald trump s campaign currently has a leadership that is under fire for more than a few scandals. on sunday
"on sunday
 so hillary does it for them"
 endorse hillary (video)"
 gets laughed at (video)"
"on saturday
"abc host martha raddatz proved once again why she is one of the best choices to be a presidential debate moderator on sunday
"over the last decade or so
"you know
"republican national committee chairman reince priebus keeps trying to put lipstick on his pig of a presidential nominee. however
"donald trump
"a longtime republican consultant
 force public schools to “teach patriotism” (video)"
"trump supporter scottie nell hughes has made some moronic comments in the past
 emails of media matters journalists"
"in an appearance on nbc s  meet the press
"donald trump s visit to a historically black church in detroit
"as you are probably aware
"former house speaker and trump supporter newt gingrich has gone completely delusional
"trump has recently caught on to the fact that there just aren t quite enough angry white guys and open racists to get him elected
"donald trump recently attended a conservative
"only but a few years ago
"republican presidential nominee donald trump knows that his numbers with african american voters are historically terrible. that is why he finally bit the bullet and decided to visit a black church on saturday. while it seems that the congregation of that church showed grace and class and listened to trump s message regardless of their personal feelings about him   after all
"the right-wing pastor who posted a cartoon of hillary clinton in black-face just got his a** handed to him by cnn.pastor mark burns has been one of donald trump s biggest cheerleaders. on his church website
"as twitter so perfectly demonstrated
"seldom in life are you set up so perfectly with a joke that you wonder if the moment could actually be real
"breibart editor milo yiannopoulos is the obnoxious little twerp who got banned from twitter for inciting his fans to viciously attack comedian leslie jones in an effort to humiliate her.now karma has finally turned the tables on yiannopoulos.during an interview with abc s terry moran that will air on nightline this friday
 obama makes huge move to fix the world"
"one of trump s latino surrogates
"donald trump likes to brag occasionally that he runs a very frugal campaign. supporters have said this is proof that he ll run a very frugal country
"donald trump recently gave a speech to the american legion about the plans he has in mind for the children of america
"the man now advising
 threatens to call cops"
"following the mass exodus of hispanic surrogates from trump s campaign
"on thursday
"remember that time in 2008 when donald trump rode in on a white horse and personally saved the auto industry all by himself? yeah
 says it’s their fault she’s screwed up"
"minnesota humorist garrison keillor just nailed donald trump in one of the best take-downs yet.donald trump is an insecure little man who thinks the presidency will finally make people respect him
"msnbc s joy reid filled on all in with chris hayes thursday night
"hillary clinton s camp took aim at donald trump and his recent efforts to lure black voters into backing him
"colin kaepernick has been taking a whole lot of heat since he made the decision to sit during the national anthem in protest of the way people of color are treated in the united states. on thursday night
"campaign volunteers are key to a winning presidential campaign. unpaid supporters are the most solid of true believers in a politician
"while on the campaign trail for hillary clinton in ohio
"boy
"right after dwyane wade s first cousin nykea aldridge was shot and killed in chicago
"so trump is going to visit a black church in detroit this weekend
"just remember that white supremacists support donald trump and the republican party.because if they take power in november
"madonna just called out donald trump s privileged sons and it s epic.the republican nominee s sons eric and donald jr. often go hunting for sport because that s what rich white assholes do with their spare time.in 2011
"brace yourself for this
"for years   if not decades   liberals have complained that the nation is on the verge of becoming an oligarchy
"the donald j. trump foundation just quietly paid an irs fine for breaking the law. trump paid the irs a $2
"donald trump thought he hit a slam dunk with moderate and independent voters when he decided to visit mexico. pundits and right-wing demagogues declared it  presidential  and said the visit was proof of a  softening  on immigration.then trump went to arizona
"donald trump is not going to like this at all.the republican nominee s pathetic effort to draw hispanic voters to his campaign has failed miserably
"while many racist donald trump supporters are praising the way the republican nominee doubled down on his disastrous immigration policies yesterday in his speech
 deceit
 so anderson cooper humiliates her with facts on the air"
"it s always a good day when a conservative acknowledges how hateful and racist their own party has become
"trump s first immigration speech following his humiliation in mexico wednesday was a bunch of sure-to-please-the-klan hate speech mixed with a heaping spoonful of xenophobia and just enough mindblowing stupidity to make one wonder if he or she is hearing the things that were definitely coming out of the donald s face-anus.trump returned to his familiar message of  deport all the brown people
"trust funny or die to come up with something like this. they ve released a video starring brent spiner
"julian assange
"donald trump got to play make-believe on wednesday afternoon as he went to mexico to speak with president enrique pe a nieto.trump
 trump is selling access for cash"
"the southern poverty law center released a report on wednesday
 says fox news"
"after his joint press conference with mexican president enrique pena nieto
"scotus returned a split 4-4 decision on north carolina s repressive voter id law
’ so he’s never speaking to press again"
"we know without a doubt that trump s blatantly racist campaign has had a massive effect on adults in this country. suddenly
 show them this and shut them up"
"michele bachmann is a special snowflake. if there is anyone who is crazier than sarah palin and donald trump
"once again
 corrupt state prosecutor angela corey out of office"
 says mexicans ‘repudiate’ his hate"
"donald trump is going to mexico
"donald trump has decided to make his way down to mexico on wednesday for a meeting with president enrique pena nieto. for obvious reasons
"this is so horribly amazing that it defies description. conservatives who have a bone up their asses about a southern border that s not nearly as porous as they insist actually believe that donald trump will come back from mexico with a check for his border wall. or
"a right-wing radio host has called it quits after he got owned by famous scientist neil degrasse tyson.last week
"the majority of donald trump s campaign is built on xenophobia
"this is why no one should vote for a republican ever again. period.donald trump becoming president would be one of the scariest times in our history. and that s because democracy itself would be shattered if conservatives like wayne allyn root have their way.during an interview with radio host rob schilling on monday
"house speaker paul ryan may have been hoping to be re-elected come january
 but won’t rule out puling a sarah palin (video)"
 fec shot him down"
"donald trump s pathetic outreach effort to sway black voters into supporting him just took a major hit.just when you thought trump and his supporters couldn t say anything worse to offend black people
"with 70 days until election day and hillary clinton still up (significantly) in the polls
"republicans are holding up merrick garland s nomination to the supreme court under the completely b.s. guise of  let the next president choose. well
"glenn beck stooge tomi lahren thinks that citizenship in this country requires that we always stand for the national anthem and respect the flag
"infamous donald trump surrogate and supporter scottie nell hughes thought she was going on cnn yesterday to make yet another pathetic attempt to get african-american voters to support the donald (even though he is currently polling at zero with black voters)   but her plans quickly went astray when political strategist angelia rye called her out for defending trump.cooper began the segment by running a few emotional interviews featuring three black women who had lost their children due to gun violence. in making her completely flawed case
"donald trump s recent african-american  outreach  efforts seem to have been wasted. sure
"another day
 and the donald is angry"
"it s not illegal
"republicans in maine tolerated governor paul lepage and his offensive words and actions for a long time
"andrea tantaros is ramping up the pressure on her former employers and colleagues to answer for their behavior and face the consequences.earlier this month
"monday
 immediately starts speaking in tongues about hillary (image)"
 wants his psychological health examined"
"after working for months to build a solid white supremacist base
"it s been a hell of a week for the trump campaign with donald trump s recent pivots on immigration. the republican presidential nominee and his surrogates have placed themselves in a place where they can neither go forward nor retreat. the media is trying to get a clear message from the campaign on just exactly where trump stands on his initial proposal to forcibly deport 11 million undocumented immigrants. trump campaign senior adviser boris epshteyn appeared on cnn sunday morning
"chrissy teigen is a model. she s not expected to be particularly intellectual
"comedy central s roasts of various celebrities are well known by this point
"on sunday
"on sunday
"donald trump s republican running mate mike pence
"republicans like maine governor paul lepage like to scare people with stories of black drug dealers corrupting our communities
"indiana gov. mike pence is probably privately wishing he had never been tapped to be donald trump s running mate. thanks to trump s erratic behavior and many outrageous
"as white supremacists whine about donald trump s flip-flop on immigration
"president obama used this week s  weekly address  to discuss the zika virus and slam the republicans who have chosen to block the funding necessary to fight the spread of this mosquito-borne disease.the president began by talking about a call he had gotten from a pregnant woman named ashley who said she was  extremely concerned  about zika and  what it might mean for other pregnant women like her.  he added that
"senator tim kaine (d   va) 
"just remember
"joy reid once again proved that she isn t putting up any nonsense on her show. during a segment of am joy
"stephen colbert delivered a scathing segment directed at mylan executive heather bresch on friday night
"the court records from the divorce of trump s new campaign ceo have proved to be a treasure trove of information about the man hired to save the republican nominee s trainwreck of a campaign. the latest insight revealed in these documents is that stephen bannon has deeply anti-semitic tendencies. shocking
"fox news host eric bolling had recently been filling in for his colleague bill o reilly on the o reilly factor
"donald trump s pathetic effort to reach out to black voters got even more disgusting on saturday
"donald trump went to new lows in his efforts to win over voters of color on saturday morning. on friday
"the possibility of donald trump being elected president of the united states represents a clear and present danger to the global economy
 upholds strict california vaccination law"
 gop beautifully over ‘assault on 2nd amendment nonsense’"
"donald trump s doctor didn t follow standard medical procedure when he proclaimed the republican nominee to be in good health
"paul lepage
"despite the fact that msnbc s morning joe s main host
"this hypocrite just got his ass handed to him by karma.ken adkins is an anti-gay  christian  pastor in georgia who cheered when a gunman killed nearly 50 people at a gay nightclub in orlando
"you know what s adorable? when a white supremacist  christian  attempts to  jesus  his or her way out of trouble after getting caught being him or herself. in this case
"this could easily be about donald trump should he get elected in november
"republicans are great at creating controversy where there is none. they shut down the get out the vote organization
"democratic vice presidential nominee tim kaine spent his thursday evening with late show host stephen colbert
 you might want to stfu about ‘klansman’ robert byrd and clinton"
"the rumors that hillary clinton is sick have been flying around the right as conservatives desperately search for any way possible to take her down and elevate the disaster that is donald trump. even katrina pierson tried to claim that hillary has a  rare brain disease  with no evidence whatsoever. these not-so lovely people point to videos of her coughing and appearing to have a seizure
"sarah palin has stepped out of the shadows and sent a warning shot across donald trump s bow. largely silent for most of the election since she endorsed trump some months ago
"you know how we often jest
"david duke is a former ku klux klan grand wizard who also happens to be one of the most famous white supremacists in modern history. he is also
"for months now
"on the same day as hillary clinton denounced donald trump for his racist alt-right connections in a blistering speech
"matt groening loves to poke fun at everything conservative and republican. from the hilarious fox news motto on a news chopper that circles springfield
"if there s one thing elizabeth warren hates
"the two orlando-area hospitals that treated the shooting victims from the tragic pulse nightclub attack are doing something amazing: they won t bill those patients for their out-of-pocket costs. considering the fact that er visits and hospital stays can run tens of thousands
"donald trump
"by now most of us know that anytime a member of the trump campaign gets confronted about one of their leader s disgusting policies
"republican nominee donald trump recently surprised everyone when he flip-flopped on the harsh immigration policy he d been promising his racist
"donald trump must really think black people are stupid.the republican nominee has been making a series of pathetic attempts to reach out to black voters on the campaign trail recently as his poll numbers continue to implode. what the hell do you have to lose
"it appears clinton s  post convention bump  has not ended quite yet. in a new national poll released from quinnipiac
"donald trump is taking a lot of fire over the letter his alleged physician wrote about his health
"just as her new book praising donald trump
"donald trump is arrogant and narcissistic enough that he probably thinks he convinced black voters to support him. he is very wrong.as it turns out
"trump s wild lies continue unabated as he continues to say that he s met with people that have never once spoken to him. this time
"christian fundamentalists all over the country are answering some kind of a  call to arms  to defend their faith from certain death. to that end
"donald trump s presidential campaign has been trying hard to convince the media and (white) voters that he is wholeheartedly making an appeal to black voters. but in reality the trump attempt to speak about the issues that black americans have been insulting and ham-fisted at best.taking that into consideration
"it s not surprising that hillary clinton signs don t last long in tomato red richardson
 and it’s gonna piss you off"
"the gop has been having a field day spreading false rumors about hillary clinton s health
"senator lindsey graham has had an on-again
"during donald trump s most recent rally in tampa
"it s not even a slight exaggeration to say that when the supreme court decided that right-wing religious bigotry can take precedence above pretty much everything else
000 worth of his own book… with campaign donations"
"a children s home in oklahoma literally refused to take a donation from a man because he isn t a christian.the murrow indian children s home claims to care about helping orphaned children but when matt wilbourn tried to make a $100 donation on behalf of the muskogee atheist community an employee called him and rejected his donation. i filed out the paperwork and i put my wife and i s name on the paperwork
"this is the craziest explanation of why donald trump is getting his ass handed to him in the polls and you have to hear it for yourself.the republican nominee s newst campaign manager kellyanne conway was interviewed by the uk s channel 4
"rudy giuliani s health insurance won t cover this burn.the former new york city mayor who now forgets about 9/11 has been repeatedly peddling conspiracy theories about hillary clinton s health on behalf of donald trump
"the alt-right political movement is not something most mainstream voters know much about
"cher is a legend among pop singers. she is also no fan of donald trump. the gorgeous pop diva has fully endorsed democratic nominee hillary clinton
"when thinking about who would be the perfect person to send to a donald trump campaign rally to interview supporters
"donald trump has been raising a lot of eyebrows lately with his new and pathetic attempts to win over african american voters
"a gop lobbyist who s known for his own brand of bigotry has denounced trump in a completely unprecedented way. instead of vowing to vote for hillary
"democratic members of the congressional black caucus (cbc) condemned donald trump and his unbelievably tone-deaf attempt at african-american  outreach
"note to conservatives who want to pretend to be journalists: be sure that where you get your information is not a satirical site
"donald trump s biggest claim to fame
"another republican senator has soured on donald trump. first it was mark kirk
"after being fired from the trump campaign
"donald trump and his campaign know that they stand an ice cube s chance in hell at winning the presidential election unless they can sway some of the minority vote. as it stands now the campaign has next to nothing in the realm of that voting block.so
"ever since trump first seized on the flooding in louisiana as an opportunity to pretend he s presidential
"when wikileaks arrived on the scene
 and it’s pretty damn hilarious (tweet)"
 republicans will go out of business"
"if the republican party actually took this guy s advice they wouldn t be a party on the verge of extinction.donald trump and the gop are waging a pathetic effort to reach out to black voters
"earlier this month
 will draw on elementary school experience to debate him"
"the women of fox news are sick and tired of putting up with the sexist bullshit of their male colleagues and bosses.after gretchen carlson filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against roger ailes it became clear that sexism and misogyny ran deeper within the company than anyone realized. as it turns out
"donald trump is making a lot of money thanks to the donors giving money to his presidential campaign
"former president george w. bush s undersecretary of state for public diplomacy joined the ranks of an ever-growing list of republicans who find themselves backing the democratic nominee when he announced on monday that he is endorsing hillary clinton for president.speaking with msnbc on monday night
"if there s anyone who is absolutely tired of donald trump s shenanigans running for office
"donald trump s new campaign manager is just a few days into her role
"dan bongino
"it would appear donald trump not only wants to become president of the united states
"melania trump has proved over the past year that she is just as dishonest as her husband. now it appears that she committed perjury by lying under oath about her nonexistent college degree.shortly after she was busted plagiarizing her speech at the republican national convention
"these assholes were taken to the woodshed and they deserved it.after british diver tom daley failed to make the final round of the men s 10m platform
"despite claiming that he never watches morning joe on msnbc
"donald trump has his sights set on a voting bloc he has not a chance in hell of winning: black people. despite trump s blatant racism and other assorted forms of bigotry
"the donald trump campaign is relying heavily on a 12 year old to help open a field office in one of the most important counties in the swing state of colorado. you read that right. a 12-year-old is being relied upon to ensure that the thin-skinned man-baby candidate obtains keys to the white house.weston imer is co-chair of the campaign in jefferson county
"kirstie alley hasn t been relevant in the world of acting in many years. usually
"a group of  white lives matter  protestors held a protest outside of the building of the houston chapter of the naacp on sunday morning. members of the group indicated that they were angry that the naacp has not spoken out against the black lives matter movement. we came out here to protest against the naacp and their failure in speaking out against the atrocities that organizations like black lives matter and other pro-black organizations have caused the attack and killing of white police officers
"on sunday
"if you weren t having nightmares before about donald trump potentially having the nuclear codes
"steve bannon
"rudy giuliani threw a hissy fit over louisiana governor john bel edwards  reaction to donald trump visiting the flood damage in his state
"a republican senator has compared president obama to a  drug dealer  in controversial remarks just coming to light.the senator in question is illinois  mark kirk
"white supremacists are celebrating donald trump s rise to the top of the republican party and kkk leader david duke bragged about it on the radio.speaking with don advo this week about trump s decision to hire breitbart boss stephen k. bannon to be his campaign ceo
"we re just days into experiencing the leadership skills kellyanne conway
"it s no secret that team trump has a problem with minorities   and that is putting it kindly. despite trump s recent attempts to fake caring about black people by speaking to black voters in a mostly white wisconsin suburb
 i was moved’ by trump’s remarks about black people (video)"
"once again
"in july
 clinton donations surge"
"all donald trump did is unload some play-doh for a photo-op in flood ravaged louisiana instead of doing anything tangible to help. and he just got shredded for it.trump traveled to the state this week in order to boast that he somehow cares about the flood victims because president obama and hillary clinton have yet to make the trip down. however
"donald trump campaign senior advisor jack kingston appeared on cnn friday to discuss trump s efforts to reach out to voters of color. during the segment
"corey lewandowski is still beating the trump drum on cnn
"as crunch time nears and states are having their primary contests
 and it’s beautiful (tweets)"
"republican strategists and party officials are circulating a plan of action that they are close to enacting
"a new report from the new york times finds that donald trump owes twice as much debt as he reported on his public election filings.the ny times reports: beyond finding that companies owned by mr. trump had debts of at least $650 million
"supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg is blasting the republican obstructionism that has crippled the united states supreme court. ginsburg said that having only eight justices sitting on the high court is simply  not good enough  to deal with the crucial issues at hand.speaking to new mexico state bar association members who had gathered on friday
"a pastor shamefully lied in defense of donald trump on saturday and joy reid shut him down hard.during an interview on msnbc
"donald trump s efforts to reach out to voters of color has been going about as terrible as one might expect it to go. kayleigh mcenany
"there has been a lot of talk about republican presidential nominee donald trump s character and temperament when it comes to his being fit to serve as president. there is good reason for this
"after 20 years of corruption
 your schools suck
"the problem with running for president in the 21st century is that nearly everyone has a google page or 1
"you ve probably seen the headlines that aetna
"what is the one thing that might actually scare donald trump? that s right   the prospect of releasing his tax returns has him terrified. the mere thought of making them public
"it s no secret that donald trump has a hard time with not only attracting minority voters
"while republicans try to make louisiana s deadly floods  obama s katrina
 blames trump for gop’s ‘death spiral’"
"donald trump thinks his  apology  was a  great success
"donald trump has made it a point of his campaign to never apologize for anything
 gives full-throated endorsement of clinton"
"as was reported earlier
 wanted to go to trump rally"
"donald trump gave his first ever apology on thursday. it was half-assed and the work of a teleprompter
"jewelry designers jill martinelli and sabine le guyader of lady grey in brooklyn left ivanka trump a note with her recent purchase. let s just say the two designers aren t fans of her father s. in the note
"katrina pierson
"statues of donald trump have appeared in five cities across the country
000 for improperly using trump tower for campaign events"
"trump s appointment of breitbart chief steve bannon
"it s no secret republicans are salivating to find something
"republicans are about to lose a huge source of funding as the justice department announces it will phase out its usage of the highly controversial (and highly racist) use of the private prison complex.the doj
"a pawn working for donald trump claimed that women respect and are voting for the republican nominee in november
"fox news is desperate to sabotage hillary clinton s campaign so they are continuing to launch outrageous lies about her health.last week
"as donald trump s campaign continues to sink deeper into its self-sabotaging downward spiral
"hi folks
"most black americans can t stand it when white people try to explain to us what is best for us   hence the term  whitesplaining.  however
"a racist white woman in florida is surely furious after her african-american neighbors posted a video of her dissolving into a hate-filled mess outside her home on a residential street in tallahassee
"a right-wing activist secretly spying on a democratic senate campaign was exposed. the caper was exposed by quick thinking volunteers working for russ feingold s u.s. senate campaign in wisconsin who were suspicious of a blonde woman with a pickup truck that apparently gave them a fake name. via the huffington post:the woman
 flooded out of home"
"the new head of donald trump s presidential campaign is already getting rave reviews from a core block of the right-wing coalition that hopes to propel him to the white house: racists.steve bannon
"the man who wrote the speech for patricia smith
"what just happened on cnn would be sad if it weren t so gosh darn funny.it would seem it s not only donald trump who is in complete denial that he s losing because that denial has clearly spread to all his campaign surrogates.while being interviewed by wolf blitzer stand-in brianna keilar during a segment of cnn s situation room
"ivanka trump enjoys what someone from that family would consider the  finer  things in life: vacationing with a russian dictator s rumored girlfriend
"since donald trump can t figure out why he s trailing hillary so badly everywhere it counts
"when it comes to donald trump and his number of apologists sent out to every media outlet to justify his horrific behavior
"it s getting to the point that as frightening as the premise is of a donald trump presidency is
"if you ve never had to suffer through any of trump s surrogates trying to participate in debates on cnn
"this sounds exactly like what a dictator would do to humiliate his opponents.because according to former apprentice star and director of trump s pathetic african-american outreach effort omarosa manigault
"when you think of civil rights activists
"mikhail baryshnikov is one of the greatest ballet dancers of all time. hailing from the soviet union
"we ve all been concerned with the idea of the likes of donald trump receiving national security briefings
"last night
"a fox host engaged in some seriously f*cked up wishful thinking on tuesday and every american should be outraged.bill o reilly s original goon with a punchable face jesse watters smiled during an episode of the five as he relished the idea of a terrorist attack in october that would scare voters into flocking to donald trump s campaign. if there s one more terror attack
"trump hates the media with a passion. he often rails on twitter
 and it’s downright terrifying"
"there s a lot of uncertainties in this election
"donald trump thought he could distract america from his insane
"just a few days after activist and filmmaker michael moore wrote an open letter to ivanka trump begging her to convince her father to end his presidential campaign because trump  is not well
"even though the election war is far from over
 rips ratings for the apprentice"
"after a decade and a half of peppering nearly every political conversation with   as joe biden famously said   a noun
"talk about throwing your own party under a bus. this trump supporter literally said the gop has rigged elections and that is supposed to prove that hillary clinton has rigged the 2016 election.roger stone is one of trump s biggest supporters and in defense of the republican nominee s assertion that the 2016 election is  rigged  in favor of hillary he wrote a column for the hill in an attempt to demonstrate that trump is right to be concerned. not only did it go badly
"adbusters  latest magazine cover definitely lives up to its mission of fighting back against the hostile takeover of our psychological
"donald trump s speech proposing extreme vetting  for immigrants through the use of an  ideological test  was just completely ripped to shreds by retired navy adm. james stavridis.during a tuesday morning interview on msnbc s morning joe
"donald trump just got owned for comparing hillary clinton to german chancellor angela merkel in an effort to demonize her plan to let syrian refugees settle in this country.during a rally on monday
"rudy giuliani just committed the greatest sin one could in this country by pretending that the worst terrorist attack on american soil never happened. and the new york daily news ripped him a new one for it.during a rally for donald trump on monday
"in a speech on monday
 his campaign and the entire gop to shreds"
"president barack obama is sick and tired of talking about republican nominee
"it s only been a few weeks since cia veteran evan mcmullin announced that he was joining the presidential race as a conservative independent candidate
"there cannot be any bigger example of irony in american politics than donald trump s newest proposal for immigrants coming into the united states.according to a new report
"trump s war on the media isn t earning him any allies
"it s not news to say that donald trump is a phony. he s neither a great businessman nor as wealthy as he says he is. he contradicts his own words far more often than he contradicts the words of his opponent.so
"as donald trump continues to be showered with adulation from conservatives
"former new york city mayor rudy giuliani has been recently designated by the donald trump for president campaign as their go-to opener for his campaign rallies. he did so in jaw-dropping fashion on monday as the trump campaign launched another event with a bizarre statement.hyping up trump
"it s beginning to get to the point where one can wonder if donald trump is deliberately self-destructing on purpose
"sean hannity is definitely going to blow a gasket about this.in recent weeks
"donald trump s refusal to release his tax returns has been an issue that has dogged him for his entire campaign. while it is not legally required for presidential candidates to release those documents
"we have roughly 92 billion opinion polls going around regarding the presidential election
"john oliver had a field day mocking donald trump on sunday night for repeatedly shooting himself in the foot and it was an absolute laugh riot.the hbo host of last week tonight began by talking about how hillary clinton released her tax returns and has had to answer questions about clinton foundation connections to the state department
"when there is talk of your father (and probable lover) and his campaign manager skipping hand-in-hand though a field of daisies with russian dictator vladimir putin
"one would think corey lewandowski
"donald trump s mouth gets him into trouble a lot. there have been endless examples of his inability to curb what he says
"life is hard. we get it. every one of us has had a tough time for one reason or another. however
"donald trump is whining about the media doing their job
" greetings patriots
 says he is just trump’s ‘clean up crew’"
 and it’s spectacular (video)"
"sources from inside donald trump s campaign told abc news on sunday that because the republican nominee has f*cked up so much in the past couple of weeks
"brian stelter just called out sean hannity during a segment of cnn s reliable sources on sunday morning for some of the ridiculous claims he has made this past week about hillary clinton s health.in case you didn t know
 backs clinton: she’ll be a ‘darn good president’ (video)"
"paul manafort
"donald trump is doubling down on his bizarre claim that the only way that he can lose in pennsylvania this october is because of electoral fraud. trump began this narrative last week in ohio where he said that he is  afraid the election is going to be rigged. we re going to watch pennsylvania. go down to certain areas and watch and study and make sure other people don t come in and vote five times
"floundering republican presidential candidate donald trump went off on an unhinged twitter rant sunday morning
"a prominent conservative  christian  is calling for women to be prohibited from having any leadership roles in our society whatsoever.american family association radio host bryan fischer bellowed about the probability that a woman will be the leader of the united states during his show on friday.as usual
"while it s often useless to talk about things politicians said more than a decade ago
"in a continuation of the dnc hack
 locals blame trump (video)"
"during a segment of triumph s summer election special
"want to take part in an opinion poll on the presidential election
"another day
"shortly after amber heard revealed that she suffered abuse from a partner
"republicans who have been behind successful presidential campaigns are now speaking up on the slowly unraveling disaster that is donald trump s effort
"court documents show deceptive behavior by donald trump s company that is part of a pattern for the republican presidential nominee. the company behind a trump construction project   a taxpayer-financed project to convert the old post office building in washington d.c. into a luxury hotel   made up two sets of financial books
"legendary actor robert de niro was in sarajevo on saturday to accept an award in recognition of the anniversary of his character in the film taxi driver. but while speaking about the movie
"trump s team is taking historical revisionism to a whole new level.during an appearance on cnn with victor blackwell
"the incredibly talented voice actor
"if there s one presidential candidate who is the king of dog whistle politics
"it s truly sad that southern conservatives don t even know their own history.during a donald trump rally in florida a group displayed a confederate flag at the venue and were quickly told it had to be removed. the flag had a  trump 2016  message on it.when asked by cnn why he displayed it
"donald trump still refuses to release his tax returns. so when fox blowhard eric bolling tried to defend him for it he was utterly laid to waste by his own colleague.as usual
"another day
"claire mccaskill is very clever. instead of outwardly calling trump a  phony bloviated god damned fool  outright
"an official representative of donald trump s presidential campaign has once again launched an attack on the family of fallen soldier captain humayun khan.this time the attack comes from conservative carl paladino
 some muslim men gloriously exposed the ‘christian’ right’s hate (screenshots)"
"after all the backlash trump received for saying that obama was literally the founder of isis
"they say the cover-up is always worse than the act itself
 but it’s all good because this is florida"
"two women in new jersey are suing the state for one horrific obstacle that is in their path to having children   the women are lesbians
"donald trump told the crowd at a florida rally just how bad hillary clinton s mental stamina is
"this truth doesn t hurt donald trump
"there s no doubt about it: trump and his campaign are in full meltdown mode. if he were a nuclear power plant
 write letter to rnc in fear of ‘extinction event’"
"donald trump has shown throughout the presidential campaign a repeated habit of lying again and again about every issue under the sun. trump seems to be so enamored of lying that he often does so without any logical reason behind it   even for a politician.the associated press did some digging into yet another trump claim and it turns out that he s lying
"in another blow to voter and racial suppression
"former republican speaker of the house newt gingrich is getting behind a bizarre conspiracy theories that supporters of donald trump s failing presidential campaign are latching on to.it involves the tragic death of seth rich
"a former staffer of donald trump s presidential campaign is currently suing the campaign for its disastrous handling (or lack of handling) a deadly situation involving a gun. this comes just two days after trump called for  second amendment people  to shoot and kill democratic nominee hillary clinton.according to the suit filed yesterday by vincent bordini in mecklenburg county superior court in north carolina
 says obama literally created isis"
"gop congressman steve king (r-ia) had endorsed republican nominee donald trump after ted cruz ended his presidential campaign
"sean hannity told a massive lie to make donald trump look like a hero and he got busted for it by real journalists.in may
"donald trump has been facing a furious backlash as a result of his most recent comments. house minority leader nancy pelosi (d-calif.) weighed in on thursday
 blame trump’s stupidity"
"donald trump may soon be facing the november election completely alone. a new report from time is detailing an ultimatum between rnc chairman reince priebus and the republican presidential candidate: either he cleans up his act
"when donald trump isn t busy insulting gold star families or inciting his followers to assassinate his presidential opponent
"during a live cnn interview with rudy giuliani
’ honored by terrorists (video)"
 reminds him how her dad was shot"
"many people will assume those who are religious will automatically vote republican. that may be true with evangelicals and protestants
"best known for her roll in the tv show charmed
"a man who shot and killed his own daughter as she came home from her first day of middle school has told authorities that she startled him
"hillary clinton took a swing back at donald trump on wednesday. speaking at a campaign rally in iowa
"chris christie has always been adamant that neither he
"the gop is scrambling to do damage control after its disgraceful presidential candidate called for the assassination of democratic nominee hillary clinton yesterday. prominent gopers like paul ryan are brushing off donald trump s comments about the  second amendment people  shooting clinton as a  bad joke  and the responses from the trump campaign itself have been just as shameful.we knew trump s team would try to spin those comments any way possible
"former new york mayor and right-wing puppet rudy giuliani stepped in on wednesday to defend trump after his
"donald trump s  second amendment  threat just took a more frightening turn.national outrage ensued after the republican nominee suggested on tuesday that gun owners do something to stop hillary clinton from nominating judges to the supreme court. if she gets to pick her judges
"having lived through an assassination attempt herself
"while many of us are still trying to understand why the hell a presidential candidate would call for the assassination of another presidential candidate
"for decades
"as donald trump continues to sink his political party due to his inability to be presidential (or seemingly human)
"donald trump really should have just apologized or kept his mouth shut.on tuesday
"tuesday night was big for speaker of the house paul ryan
"just when you thought donald trump s constant stream of offensive comments had died down
 shreds trump over ‘second amendment’ comments"
"while at a rally in wilmington
"donald trump told his supporters to engage in gun violence during a campaign stop on tuesday.discussing the possibility that hillary clinton would be elected president and have the ability to choose supreme court justices
"donald trump is hemorrhaging republican supporters faster than his casinos hemorrhage money. he s losing in almost all polls
"even the women of fox news refuse to buy trump s bullshit claim that he is a feminist.that why when fox business contributor bernard mcguirk referred to the republican nominee as the  ultimate feminist  on tuesday all four women of outnumbered immediately lit him up for it.fox host sandra smith asked if senator susan collins  refusal to endorse donald trump will hurt him even more among women
"there are consequences for defying a supreme court ruling
"two republican former environmental protection agency chiefs are warning that a trump presidency would not only  set the world back decades
"donald trump just doesn t know how to keep his mouth shut and he continues to receive the mockery he deserves.on monday night
"world-renowned political theorist and activist noam chomsky has made his feelings about donald trump very publicly known when he openly called trump a  clown  a few months ago   and his message to america is now more urgent than ever.in a piece posted on alternet
"an islamophobic sack of monkey turds called a mosque in watauga
"on monday
"donald trump s republican issue just got a lot harder. after 50 prominent republican security expert denounced the republican nomine as a threat to national security
"donald trump is nigh-universally recognized as a walking
"trump s acceptance of a purple heart
"with nothing of substance to go on
"after the release of nude pictures
"donald trump is so far-out and detached from reality that even fox news has had enough. after declaring
"if you ve never watched donald trump read off a teleprompter
"the #nevertrump gop delegates are a determined bunch. they tried tirelessly to change the rules of the republican national convention to keep donald trump from officially becoming their standard-bearer. when the rule change was shot down
"two polls have hillary clinton beating the wannabe-fascist-in-chief donald trump by fifteen points. in realclearpolitics  compilation of all national polls
"ibtihaj muhammad is on the olympic fencing team for the united states. she s also a muslim and before even competing
"in january
"the #nevertrump faction of the gop has longed for an independent conservative to run for the presidency in a last ditch effort to make sure that donald trump s nightmare of a presidential campaign does not become a nightmarish reality in the event he gets elected to a job he is dangerously unqualified to perform. well
"every presidential candidate s economic plan has flaws. they either rely on deficit spending (hillary clinton)
"donald trump is now alleging that the united states presidential election will be rigged against him. as per usual
 tom cotton
"cnn s fareed zakaria recently caused a bit of a media firestorm when he decided to deliver his analysis of donald trump bluntly
"four donald trump surrogates tried their best to lay out their case that there is a major bias against trump sunday morning during a broadcast of cnn s reliable sources.  trump and his supporters have alleged that the media is out to get trump since the onset of the primary election. now that trump s polling numbers have been in a free-fall since the general election began
"more proof that donald trump s presidential campaign is helping the fascist arm of the right-wing has just come in. during the july broadcast of his radio program
"donald trump claims the election is rigged and fox host sean hannity irresponsibly does not challenge him
"the electoral map is being redrawn in hillary clinton s favor as donald trump plunges into near total self-destruction.while the american people continue to wake up to what trump is   a loud
"a new ad from a pro-hillary clinton super pac hits donald trump for his dishonorable attacks on the family of captain humayun khan
"the fallout from the sexual harassment scandal involving fox news founder roger ailes continues as secrets about how he operated leak out. the latest revelations are about a creepy misuse of corporate funds
"picking a fight with joy reid on live television is not smart
"hillary is starting to pull out all the stops in going after trump s bromance with russian dictator vladimir putin. in her latest attack ad
"as donald trump continues down his path of self destruction (which is bringing the republican party down with him)
 rubio says infected women can’t have abortions"
"penn jillette doesn t want donald trump to run for president
"conservatives have something to say about absolutely everything. this time
 launches fundraiser to send him to combat zone"
"north carolina republicans are reeling after a fourth circuit court judge decided last friday what every person on the left already knows. north carolina s gop implemented a series of voting reforms that are a blatant attempt to disenfranchise voters of color. on saturday
"fox news commentator charles krauthammer wrote a column discussing donald trump s mental health on thursday and he did not hold back.krauthammer
"rick santorum had the impossible job of defending donald trump during friday s real time and he found himself humiliatingly outnumbered.bill maher began by expressing astonishment at how the republican nominee has been acting throughout the campaign. even conservative commentator tara setmayer couldn t believe trump s antics
"donald trump has been an absolute nightmare for the republican party establishment. the last week or so has been especially horrible
"what will the world be like post-donald trump? a new hashtag
"republicans have long held the deep south in their grip
"dr. ben carson has earned the dubious honor of refuting the idea that brain surgeon equals smart. it clearly doesn t
"you know what scares republicans more than black people voting in elections? an army of women exercising their rights. for quite some time
"oh
 call on the gop to abandon him"
 and she shares his dna (video)"
"just like donald trump
"donald trump has had a terrible week
"former cia director michael j. morell has written a devastating op-ed in the new york times. in it
"last week
"senator kelly ayotte (r-nh) is fighting hard to keep her seat
"recently
 and they’re hilarious (screenshots)"
"on monday night
"republican presidential nominee donald trump has reacted to a series of state and national polls showing him losing ground to hillary clinton by promoting the conspiracy theory that this fall s presidential election will be  rigged. at a press conference at the pentagon on thursday
"donald trump just got owned by a legend.during a concert in los angeles
"there s an age old saying: not all republicans are racist
 and it’s hilarious (video)"
"the clusterfuck that is donald trump s campaign is manifesting itself in the polls
"the republican party should be prepared to lose the hispanic vote by a record number this year as donald trump has basically just surrendered any chance the party had to reach out to them.after 71 percent of hispanics voted to re-elect president obama in 2012
 ‘it’s a scam’ (video)"
"clint eastwood will long be remembered for his influence in hollywood
"this is the hypocrisy to beat all hypocrisies.as we all know
"due to donald trump s continued unhinged and unacceptable behavior
"the idea of a donald trump presidency has been terrifying from the second he rode down that escalator and announced that he was running for president. however
"donald trump will be seriously seething after he sees what gop strategist liz mair called him on cnn.as we all know
"here we go again
"no wonder donald trump is accusing everything of being rigged   the polls are no longer showing trump  beating  hillary clinton. some polls have her six points ahead
"if there s one person who definitely doesn t want donald trump to be president
 most pansy-a** apologist now says he is ‘unacceptable’"
"while in virginia
"donald trump is an idiot. ben carson
"the san jose police department has been plagued with accusations of racism and racial profiling
"it appears the genius businessman donald trump will have another failure on his hands. while the mainstream media is focusing (and rightly so) on his vile comments aimed at a gold star family
"this was a treat to watch.if you want to see a member of team hillary absolutely destroy a trump mouthpiece and the republican party on the air
"the gop implosion is about to be set off as influential republican leaders are on the cusp of staging an intervention with presidential nominee donald trump.yes
"the prospect of donald trump becoming president just got a whole lot scarier.the republican nominee has been receiving foreign policy briefings
"ana navarro is a well-known republican strategist
 trashes trump"
 scrambles to come up with replacement"
"khizr khan has been nailing trump ever since he denounced the republican nominee s hateful rhetoric at hillary clinton s democratic national convention last week. things have only escalated as trump has repeatedly attacked khan and his wife
 he’ll betray his own party horrifically to do it"
"sarah palin is a proud trump supporter
 really"
 and it’s perfect (tweet)"
"a father decided to record his daughter after she got her wisdom teeth removed and probably got a more interesting response than he bargained for. in a video that is making the rounds on social media
"when you think of roofs and ar-15s
"the rally in virginia on tuesday for donald trump went down as well as one would expect. the gop presidential nominee
"donald trump has already been giving hints that he might back out of debating democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton over claims that the political system is  rigged  against him   even though we all know it s really because he s terrified of her. while most of us think trump s attempts to blame outside forces for his incompetence are pathetic
"malia obama may be president obama s daughter
"it s no secret that conservatives and republicans (not all) despise president obama simply because he is black. after years of insisting he s an  arab
"when donald trump isn t getting blasted for his disrespectful comments about muslim soldiers who died sacrificing their lives for america
"you know the age-old political trope that politicians spend a lot of time kissing babies? well
"a few months ago
"dr. drew pinsky knows a thing or two about reality show stars
"president obama let loose on donald trump
 will vote for hillary"
"a mike pence rally in nevada turned ugly when a military mom asked the vice presidential candidate about donald trump s recent statements regarding khizr khan and his wife ghazala. rally goers viciously booed her and demanded to know why she was even there in the first place.the woman
"donald trump has gotten himself in a world of trouble over his slams of gold star families
"warren buffett is one of the richest people in the world (third on the list
"following in donald trump s footsteps of attacking military families
"after a really bad week for republican presidential nominee donald trump
"it s disgusting enough that donald trump jumped to serial womanizer and harsser roger ailes  defense in the wake of a growing sexual harassment scandal at fox news. when asked how he d respond if his daughter
"ever since donald trump had the nerve to insult and attack the parents of a slain muslim soldier who sacrificed his life for his country
"documentary filmmaker ken burns knows a thing or two about presidential decorum. he has made documentaries on thomas jefferson
"if you ve recently gotten into an online political debate
"fareed zakaria tends to go for the heart of the matter when he s talking about pretty much anything
"yet another highly respected conservative is jumping from the sinking gop ship now that the captain is billionaire blowhard donald trump. sally bradshaw
"after gop presidential nominee donald trump attacked the family of a fallen u.s. soldier
"most americans understand that we should all give the utmost honor and respect to those who fight for our safety and our freedom
"republicans are having a very hard time swallowing the latest   not to mention lowest yet   controversy swirling around their newly crowned standard-bearer. of course
"ever since khizr and ghazala khan gave their powerful speech at hillary clinton s democratic national convention
"the families of eleven american soldiers who lost their lives serving the united states have banded together and sent a letter to republican presidential nominee donald trump
"donald trump is getting ripped to pieces on twitter right now for already signaling that he might try to find a way to skip the scheduled presidential debates against hillary clinton.on friday
"another mother who lost her son in military combat is blasting republican presidential nominee donald trump for his attack on the family of deceased serviceman humayun khan.karen meredith s son
"when khizr khan took the stage at the dnc to give a heartfelt speech about the very real sacrifice his muslim son made in iraq
"harry reid has had just about enough of the refusal of the leaders of the republican party  to disavow their  support of donald trump. the senate minority leader slammed his colleagues on the other side   house speaker paul ryan and house majority leader mitch mcconnell in particular   for refusing to un-endorse their presidential nominee
"khizr khan
"ah
"during an interview on abc s this week
"early saturday morning
"christians have long lobbied for the ability to peddle their religion in the public square. this includes public schools
"donald trump has received a massive backlash over his comments directed at the khizr khan and his family. khan spoke out against trump at the democratic national convention
"all the pundits doubted her ability to do it
" it s a trap!  that s the messaging that the trump campaign has decided to go with when asked about trump s response to the father of a muslim man who died while serving as an american army captain overseas. it s a narrative that the trump campaign uses often   if trump says something horrible on camera it s because the media twisted his words. one of trump s surrogates
"as many of us could have predicted would be the outcome
"khizr khan
"donald trump woke up on sunday morning and decided to play the victim and twitter was not having any of it.on saturday
"since sexual harassment is almost a sport at fox news
 burns trump: he’s gone ‘batsh*t crazy’ (video)"
"the presidential debate schedule is already out
 his mother issues a heartbreaking response"
"republican presidential candidate donald trump decided to attack the family of a u.s. soldier who died in combat in iraq. responding to khizr khan s statement at the democratic convention that trump had  sacrificed nothing  for his country while pushing for bans on muslims
"yes. seriously. republican delegates all received a trump-themed gift bag after they suffered through the train wreck that was the republican national convention. the bags
"how do you stop cyber-attacks? well
"earlier this week
 but what this judge did is awesome (video)"
"during a campaign rally in colorado springs
"donald trump is not a detail person. learning about issues is apparently below his pay grade
"there were several powerful
"he s a republican. he s anti-gay. he s all about  family values.  so of course he just got busted for having a sex video of himself on his work computer.nebraska gop state senator bill kintner is being urged to resign by republican governor pete ricketts after the nebraska state patrol discovered a sexually explicit video of kintner on the government computer he uses for work.according to the lincoln journal star
"cancer can take a lot out of a person
"voting rights expert
 declares support for hillary"
"during a segment on real time on friday night
"america s intelligence community doesn t trust donald trump. at all. period. while both hillary and trump are slated to start getting intelligence briefings now that they ve formally accepted their parties  nominations
"by now
"nobody can accuse king cheeto
 really"
 trump asked russia to hack clinton and today they did just that"
"last night
"this is outrageous and someone needs to put this right-wing nut job in her place.rather than applaud khizr khan for standing up to hate and bigotry as he celebrated the constitution and america
"republican racists in north carolina just got their asses handed to them by the united states 4th circuit court of appeals.in 2013
"bill clinton just watched his wife accept the nomination for president of the united states. his wife
"as the democratic national convention wrapped up its final night
"hillary clinton delivered an amazing speech on thursday night and the dnc convention was a unifying success
 now the rnc is accusing hillary clinton of plagiarism"
"with donald trump as the party s nominee
"just when you thought ann coulter couldn t be any more vile than she s shown herself to be
 and the right will hate it"
 and it is amazing"
"as we all know
"it s a good thing democrats picked philadelphia to host their convention. pennsylvania is continually being talked up as  swing state  that could go for trump (they said the same thing about romney in 2012
"everyone knows donald trump is a thin-skinned little whiner. elizabeth warren knows it (and has proven it)
"the same conservatives who have attacked president obama over the last eight years really liked his speech on wednesday night.when president obama spoke in support of hillary clinton during the dnc convention
"donald trump is a misogynist creep and ashley judd had no problem telling the world what she has personally witnessed.the actress talked to jezebel writer ellie shechet on thursday morning on the red carpet of the creative coalition gala and judd gave an unprompted story about the republican nominee
" first amendment  supporting conservatives are once again up in arms over what they perceive to be political correctness run amuck.lisa greenwood
"harry reid is frightened
"let the mocking commence.on wednesday evening
"the things that republican presidential nominee donald trump says and does seem completely indefensible
"the stephen colbert we love was in rare form wednesday night when he was asked by an audience member what one question he would ask donald trump. let s just say it s good he wasn t on air at the time. my question is
"donald trump likes to brag about the fact that he attended the university of pennsylvania s prestigious wharton school. however
"president barack obama brought down the house on the third night of the 2016 democratic party convention when he singled out republican nominee donald trump and gave for the first time his unvarnished opinion of the gop s party leader.obama: anyone who threatens values
 trump – not a clue (video)"
"former maryland gov. martin o malley came out swinging at the democratic national convention on wednesday. he denounced donald trump as a  bully  and a   racist  who  makes his followers fearful of tomorrow  and  feeds off of a deep-seated and dangerous anger. i say to hell with trump s american nightmare
"far-right conservative and resident anti-semitic bigot
"it seems that donald trump has a history of asking hackers for help in furthering his goals. not only did he ask russian hackers to find hillary s missing emails this morning
"marco rubio
"donald trump is known for changing his mind
"once again
 says he never met russian dictator putin"
 and george will knows why"
"when donald trump first announced that he was running for the white house
"bernie sanders had an amazingly touching moment at the 2016 democratic convention that brought the usually stoic vermont senator to tears. during the roll call of the states to cast their official delegate votes for the presidential nomination
 so right-wing racists come out in droves (video)"
"fox news  most popular prime time host
"donald trump got his ass handed to him by a texas treasure.while many
000 by judge in florida lawsuit"
"history has been made (once again) in the united states. hillary rodham clinton after decades in public service
"rumors that the dnc hack was tied to russia have been swirling for several days
"the u.s.a. freedom kids performed at a rally for donald trump in florida last january and played a song containing  lyrics which were terrifying   unless you re pro-war.  after that
"if dr. dre were a white guy the police would have treated him totally differently.but because the legendary rapper is black and some white asshole looking for revenge claimed dre brandished a gun during a confrontation
"yet another republican is leaving the party in protest of donald trump.donald trump is doing more to destroy the republican party from within than democrats have ever done simply by being the sane party of the two.ever since it became clear that trump would be the republican nominee several republicans have left the party in disgust. the most prominent member of the exodus thus far has been conservative columnist george will
"while republicans constantly shove their judgmental fingers in people s faces over some perverted and hate-filled idea of christianity
 attacks woman for being black (video)"
 gives full-throated endorsement of clinton"
"michelle obama is one of the most beloved first ladies we ve ever seen. she is a brilliant wife
"first lady michelle obama brought the house down at the 2016 democratic convention in philadelphia
"if this keeps up there won t be enough republicans left to justify the existence of the party.utah gop state senator mark madsen attended the republican national convention last week and witnessed his state make every effort to keep donald trump from becoming the nominee. but they failed
"okay
 potent word"
"if sane americans have done one stupid thing over the last year
"cnn s supposed law enforcement expert
"a detroit man has been sentenced to 25-50 years in prison after his 9-year-old son was killed in an accidental shooting when his older sister found their father s unsecured gun.on monday
"michael jordan is quite possibly the best basketball player to ever live. now
"the democratic party is poised to have a convention filled with powerhouse speakers that will dwarf the lineup of has-beens the gop deployed.the republican national convention had unemployed actor scott baio and desperate republicans who actually decided to show up. the democratic party will have new jersey senator cory booker
"the republican party has been wishing that america would be more like russia in recent years and they may very well get their wish with donald trump.as it turns out
"throughout his campaign
"the day has arrived for the democratic national convention
"democratic national committee chair debbie wasserman schultz is stepping down as chair of the dnc
 plans to endorse clinton at dnc"
 brilliant sentence"
 shooting herself (video)"
 says he is doing the terrorist’s work for them"
"just when donald trump has his biggest opportunity to act in a truly presidential manner
"mia frias-russell
"on sunday s broadcast of cnn s reliable sources
"donald trump sat down with for an interview with chuck todd sunday morning during an episode of msnbc s meet the press. during the interview
 charged with felony murder (video)"
"donald trump and the gop appear to have finally found the messaging that they are using to sell trump s flip-flop on banning muslims from entering the united states.during an interview on msnbc s meet the press sunday morning
"the right is giddy over the fact that president obama s kenyan half-brother malik says he plans to vote for donald trump. they shouldn t be. his reasons for voting for the braggadocios billionaire are even worse than the reasons for most americans.malik obama lives in kenya
"jon stewart completely annihilated sean hannity on national television
"van jones humiliated them so badly that one guy actually changed his opinion of him.during the rnc convention last week
 kaine versus trump
"new released video shows santa clara county sheriff s deputy benjamin lee in a standoff with fellow police officers
"speaking at the national council of la raza conference in orlando on saturday
"noah malone was celebrating his fifth birthday with a group of friends close to his age. his mother
"now
"the gazebo at the cudell recreation center in cleveland
"rafeal zuniga
"former ku klux klan leader david duke is so enthralled with donald trump that he s been inspired to run for the senate
"donald trump regularly references slain u.s. ambassador to libya chris stevens
"the internet went wild mocking melania trump this week. that is because of the fact that a large portion of the speech she gave at the republican national convention contained an entire section that was stolen from michelle obama s speech that she gave at the democratic national convention in 2008.as worthy as that speech was of mockery
"and republicans wonder why they are not doing well among hispanics.on friday
"everyone thinks of people like the kkk when they think of white supremacists. indeed
"hillary clinton announced her choice of virginia senator tim kaine as her vice-presidential selection on friday and
"appearing on fox news
"on wednesday
"the recently concluded republican national convention in cleveland was a four-day never-ending cavalcade of dystopian nightmares
"trump s campaign has been desperately trying to win over all the minority groups it has spent the last several months offending and excluding
"infamous italian dictator benito mussolini anticipated republican presidential nominee donald trump s campaign slogan 89 years before trump first descended the escalator at his manhattan headquarters to declare his candidacy.mussolini visited the united states in 1927 and gave a speech that was recorded by fox movietone news in one of the first newsreels with audio and video. in that speech
 ‘lock her up’ chants"
 and it’s hilarious (tweet)"
 and he kicked their butts (video)"
"a black cincinnati police officer is currently receiving backlash over a controversial facebook post where he warned his african-american friends and family about white officers that may be targeting them because of their race.officer freddie vincent had shared the message earlier this month
 instead left roses for orlando victims (images)"
"republicans continue to jump the sinking ship that chose donald trump to be their captain.chris ladd has been a republican for 30 years now. he is so hardcore that he s even a friend of former texas governor rick perry and thought the world of ronald reagan.but now that the party has chosen donald trump as their 2016 nominee
"donald trump made a lot of bullshit claims during his speech on the final night of the republican national convention. on friday
"former beatle george harrison s estate is livid today after his song
’ slams his rnc speech"
"conservatives may have the nominee they wanted but they killed the republican party in the process and   perhaps just guaranteed their own political doom for generations.that s what republican strategist nicolle wallace felt like after donald trump concluded his acceptance speech on thursday night.throughout his speech
"over the course of five days
"remember when donald trump said he would debate bernie sanders and then refused to do so when sanders accepted? well
"it happened again. one would assume that after monday s debacle when the rnc displayed a white supremacist s tweet on a marquee scrolling around the building
 and it was absolutely on point (tweets)"
"north carolina s anti-transgender law
 don’t shoot’ (video)"
"a police officer in texas has been caught on video making a racist comment to a black woman that he manhandled. the video is the latest bit of proof of the malicious behavior exhibited by some police officers towards blacks that many whites
"most of us are fully aware that republican nominee donald trump is not only a racist
"another day
"the republican nominee just got owned by a fellow billionaire.to begin the late show on wednesday night
"after ellen pompeo viewed yet other shooting of an unarmed black man by police
"hillary clinton broke the internet
"the battle between supporters of black lives matter and those who see blm as a racist
"we all knew the 2016 republican national convention would be a hillary hate fest. for the past three days
"if chris christie is looking for his testicles ted cruz s campaign manager knows exactly where they are.trump supporters are throwing a temper tantrum because ted cruz did not kiss donald trump s ass at the rnc convention on wednesday night. and no one threw a bigger hissy fit than new jersey governor chris christie. i think it was awful
"texas textbooks are once again in the limelight. after years of asking for ethnic studies
"just in time for the election! the united states court of appeals for the fifth circuit based in new orleans found what democrats have known for months: texas  voter id law
"donald trump is terrible. he wants to build a wall to keep brown people out of the country
"make no mistake about it: ted cruz is horrible. but you ve got to admire his ability to stick to his convictions. his terrible
"michelle obama showed off her amazing singing voice in wednesday night s edition of  carpool karaoke  on james corden s late
"ted cruz is a piece of sh*t. most of the country has known this a long time after observing his rampant homophobia
 selfish speech’"
"fox news host bill o reilly told his audience on wednesday night that former talk show host montel williams chickened out of a scheduled appearance on his show. usually
 gop convention boos him like crazy"
"paul ryan is in a little bit of hot water. not because he s establishment
"it s no secret hispanics hate donald trump. he has record low favorability with them
"it s about time the media started calling out trump and his team for being the liars they are.the trump campaign has been vigorously defending melania trump for plagiarizing parts of michelle obama s 2008 dnc speech for use in her own speech that she delivered on monday. it s clear that melania plagiarized the current first lady because all one has to do is compare the passages side by side
"harry potter books are among the best selling books of all time. among millennials
"trump s supporters are bloodthirsty monsters.by now it is crystal clear that hillary clinton needs the most secret service protection the government can provide because conservatives are obviously too crazy to be ignored.one such conservatives is new hampshire republican state rep. al baldasaro
"after two very high profile mass shootings of police
"it s almost pathetic how quickly and easily our frenemies on the right jump to hanging people whenever they don t like them. recently
"donald trump is officially the republican nominee for president of the united states. mike pence is officially the nominee for vice president of the united states. according to a new report from the new york times
"donald trump has long insisted that he is going to build a massive wall along the u.s-mexico border
"if you ve been watching the republican national convention you ve been witnessing quite the bizarre circus that doesn t seem quite real
"tuesday night
"a day after a plagiarism scandal rocked melania trump for the portions of her convention speech that were lifted from michelle obama
"right-wing super troll and breitbart.com contributor milo yiannopoulos has been banned from twitter forever. the announcement comes from the social network after years of yiannopoulos using the service to direct his followers to hound and harass people with racist
"democrats and a lot of republicans are scratching our heads trying to figure out the appeal of the braggadocios billionaire. democrats say that the appeal is very basic; his message of nationalism
"hillary clinton is making sure that the shockingly racist comments made by rep. steve king (r-iowa) don t slip by her supporters. an email was sent out by the clinton camp calling out king s bigotry with a subject line that read: this is literally white supremacy. the fundraising appeal
 whites are definitely the superior race"
"it s still a few months before the election
 not president obama"
"republicans have routinely blamed president barack obama whenever something goes wrong
"sometimes
"yesterday
 details sexual harassment by fox news boss"
"as conservatives rushed to find excuses for melania trump s plagiarized speech at the rnc convention on monday night
"donald trump s wife was the headline speaker on the first night of the republican national convention. it was supposed to be her big moment. she was supposed to be convincing everyone that she was first lady material. but that all went straight down the toilet when she got busted for stealing an entire paragraph of her speech straight from michelle obama s 2008 speech to the democratic national committee.here is the suspicious section of melania s speech:my parents impressed on me the value of that you work hard for what you want in life. that your word is your bond and you do what you say and keep your promise. that you treat people with respect. show the values and morals in in the daily life. that is the lesson that we continue to pass on to our son.we need to pass those lessons on to the many generations to follow. [cheering] because we want our children in these nations to know that the only limit to your achievement is the strength of your dreams and your willingness to work for them.and here are the words from michelle obama s speech in 2008:and barack and i were raised with so many of the same values: that you work hard for what you want in life; that your word is your bond and you do what you say you re going to do; that you treat people with dignity and respect
"if you haven t figured it out by now
 does live fox news interview during her speech"
"republican congressman steve king (ia) launched into the first night of the republican national convention with a racist tirade on msnbc. he made the argument that white people have contributed the most to civilization
"donald trump is only one day into his republican national convention
"donald trump s coronation party has just kicked off
"poor gopers looking forward to participating in conversations about the republican national convention are going to be disappointed that their only option is to live stream and watch. thanks to donald trump s supporters
"after the horrific murder of three police officers in baton rouge
"as republicans gather for the first day of their clown show   also known as their convention   a glaring and telling detail rests in the gop platform: the preservation of citizens united and big money in our national politics.on the other side
"mike pence
"horror struck once again on sunday as police officers in baton rouge
"stephen colbert showed up at the site of the disastrous clusterf*ck that will be the republican national convention on sunday. the late night host and his crew visited with convention-goers and made preparations for his coverage of the upcoming event. but the comedian decided to have a little fun with the level of access he was granted when he jumped up on the stage and hijacked the microphone.dressed as his hungry for power games  character
"the minimum wage hasn t been raised for nearly a decade
"months before the potential inauguration of hillary clinton
 clinton maintains comfortable lead"
 can you tell what is wrong with it? (image)"
"in a rare display of bipartisanship
 but there’s one giant problem"
"three police officers were shot and killed in baton rouge
"sometime around 2:00 am on july 17
"following the tragic shooting of several police officers in baton rouge
 refuses to answer muslim ban question honestly (video)"
"on friday a federal appeals court overturned a 2012 ruling which allowed the u.s. navy to use sonar for training
"a roswell
"florida s toxic and dangerous  stand your ground  gun culture nearly claimed the lives of two more children. their only  crime  appears to have been that they were playing the popular pok mon go mobile game.a gun owner in palm coast
"donald trump and his running mate
"donald trump and elizabeth warren are engaged in a twitter feud for the ages and she s kicking his ass.on saturday
"foreign nationals
"now that indiana governor mike pence has officially been announced as donald trump s running mate
"now that it s been established that mike pence will be donald trump s running mate (and not errand boy chris christie)
"a new report from the  pew research center shows that the religiously unaffiliated now make up the largest religious voting bloc in the united states.the report shows that white evangelicals are flocking to trump
"republican officials are reportedly scrambling to tear down signs at the party convention site in cleveland in order to avoid yet another racial incident.wall street journal reporter byron tau photographed a sign in the quicken loans arena labeled  white elevator.  tau noted on twitter:  i m told it s being replaced for obvious reasons. spotted at the #rncincle. i'm told it's being replaced for obvious reasons. pic.twitter.com/svayl1zgcd  byron tau (@byrontau) july 16
"almost every well-known celebrity will likely get a moment where a gossip magazine does a feature on them telling the public what we may not know about them. so
"donald trump announced indiana governor mike pence as his vice presidential pick via twitter on friday and unveiled his campaign s new logo. to say the least
"donald trump s introduction of gov. mike pence as his running mate continued the republican presidential campaign s streak of completely screwing up and mangling the basic elements of running for president. here are five ways trump bungled the introduction of his running mate.1. he relived winning the nomination
 and it’s magical (tweets)"
"it s like a day doesn t go by without some backwoods
"the republican national convention starts this coming monday
"donald trump unveiled his vice presidential pick on friday. he had claimed that he would postpone the announcement due to the tragedy that took place in france on thursday night
"it you re into puzzles and figuring stuff out
"a recent poll from quinnipiac university has stunned the political world when it showed hillary clinton losing serious ground against donald trump in key swing states like ohio
 we’ll actually be paying mexico for the materials"
"as the rnc rears its ugly head
"michigan s republican governor rick snyder has just appointed a new head of the michigan department of environmental quality. snyder s new corporate shill
"with the republican national convention in cleveland
 then lie about it (video)"
"he has been tried. he has been convicted. and now he has been sentenced for lying about his expertise and background to the united states government.fox news often brought wayne simmons aboard the channel to deliver his  expert  analysis on terrorism as a former cia operative whenever a terrorist attack occurred somewhere in the world.most notably
 holds them at knife point"
"last time i checked
 fox news push ‘world war’ after attack in nice
"former nfl quarterback tim tebow is denying a story circulated by the donald trump presidential campaign that he will be a speaker at the republican convention.in a video posted to facebook
"the republican convention in cleveland is facing a financial shortfall
 sweet and direct message for bernie or busters"
"when it comes to racial tension in america
"the republican national convention was already shaping up to be a nightmare
"that s right
"sarah palin is a huge donald trump fan. however
"anyone with a brain knows that donald trump is an embarrassment to the united states on the world stage at best
"a fox news host found herself squarely outnumbered on thursday when she claimed that the conservative network covers racism fairly.the hosts of the view discussed megyn kelly s interview with actor and comedian d.l. hughley the night before.during the interview
"the gop is bowing down to cliven bundy and his band of domestic terrorists by giving them exactly what they want.a proposal has been drafted to strip the federal government of all public lands and give it all to the states for private uses that would likely destroy what has been protected and conserved for generations. you know
"south carolina sen. tim scott
"the south lost the civil war but some white guys still refuse to let go of the confederate flag and think it s okay to threaten black people with lynching.that s what white asshole rodney blomberg and three of his buddies did last month when they approached a black man living in their neighborhood near eugene
"trump received a massive amount of backlash earlier in his campaign for his disrespectful
"long before becoming president of the united states
"when bill o reilly calls himself a journalist
"the republican party is no friend to lgbtq people. that is no secret. however
"the islamic state terrorist group
"much to the republican party s dismay
"donald trump has not yet officially received the republican party s presidential nomination   and there is a small effort still alive to derail him
"no matter how well dressed
"it s always depressing when allegations that police target african-americans are confirmed not just by eyewitness accounts
"house speaker paul ryan was put on the spot last night during cnn s town hall
 bernie burned him with just one"
"an attempt by utah s governor to defund planned parenthood has been smacked down by a federal appeals court who decided that the order was most likely a political move to punish the organization and ordered the state to continue funding the organization.the 10th u.s. circuit court of appeals in denver also decided on tuesday that it is highly probable that the governor s order violated the constitutional rights of the group.following the release of the now debunked  baby parts  video
"this is why we love the notorious rbg.supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg has been on the bench for a long time. usually the justices of the high court stay out of presidential politics
 right-wingers respond with #glockabook hashtag"
 hypocritical message for black lives matter: stop being so ‘divisive’ (video)"
"how do you make a fortune in real-estate
"it doesn t take a rocket scientist to figure out one shouldn t dance at a funeral
"after finding out that senator bernie sanders (i-vt) was endorsing hillary clinton for president on tuesday morning
"the plot is definitely thickening when it comes to the horrific death of an african-american man at the hands of two white police officers in baton rouge
"it doesn t get any clearer than this that iowa rep. steve king is a racist.during a story about king introducing sarah s law
"when los angeles photographer alex stone and his team tried to capture photos of a vehicle on a public road in san diego county they were accosted by a man driving an suv.mark gordon spotted the photographer and got angry so he recklessly drove his vehicle towards them repeatedly in an attempt to do them harm or intimidate them into leaving. why don t you go f*cking take pictures of your own f*cking street?  gordon yells at stone.stone very politely informs an agitated gordon that they are finishing up and will leave shortly
"while most people have pretty much forgotten that florida governor jeb bush was actually a republican presidential candidate not too long ago
"presidential elections are won by well-prepared
"speaker paul ryan put on a public temper tantrum after fbi director james comey came out and said he and his team did not believe that hillary clinton broke the law when she set up a personal email server.ryan sent a request that instead of how presidential candidates are traditionally treated
"as much as jeronimo yanez
 just a ‘digital’ one"
"dallas police chief david brown just completely desecrated the favorite myth of gun nuts everywhere
’ not people"
"cnn s chris cuomo tried to have a discussion about police brutality and race on monday morning
"in constructing the 2016 republican platform
"emotions around the nation are raw due to the rash of violence that we have experienced in the past week. first
"it seems that every time we turn around
"it started out as an observation
"at around 12:40 am on saturday
"just before midnight on friday
 and he won’t like it"
"former new york city mayor rudy giuliani told black fathers who are worried about the safety of their sons that the  real danger  isn t police officers. oh no
 ‘other lawn equipment’ (video)"
 righties still make it about them"
"for the entirety of the last week
"there is nothing that donald trump
 uses racial slur to describe undocumented immigrants"
"sean hannity made a bizarre implication during  a segment of his conservative talk radio show the sean hannity show on friday. during the segment
"michael strickland
 calls for unity (video)"
 so they’re killing cops (video)"
"donald trump likes to brag that he attended the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania
 name-calling
"white privilege is about the fact that for americans life is very different depending on skin color. the differences can be seen through all aspects of life
 blames black lives matter for dallas shooting"
"a newly released video raises serious questions about the july 4 shooting death of delrawn small.small was killed by wayne isaacs
"conservatives talk the talk but can they walk the walk?that s exactly what president obama dared them to do during a press conference in warsaw
 including teenager"
"bill o reilly attacked the black lives matter movement friday night
"it looks as though two police officers in memphis
"if there s any one conservative that we wish would just stop thrusting themselves into the spotlight
"gop senator ben sasse of nebraska has been one of trump s most vocal critics in the republican party. he s also adamant that he s not going to the gop convention this year; it seems he doesn t want to expose his kids to trump. he doesn t want to have anything to do with trump
"a gun-toting white conservative male showed up at a memorial for alton sterling
"lawyers working on behalf of roger ailes
"following the horrific tragedy in dallas
"donald trump is someone who abuses the judicial system to help enrich himself. in fact
"virginia s trump campaign chairman politicized the dallas shootings in one of the worst ways imaginable. he didn t use it to call for more guns on the streets. he didn t use it to claim reverse racism. he tried to make it all about the 2016 election and hillary clinton
"if there s one conclusion to draw from the horrific shootings that have been happening over the course of this past week
"a seven-year-old alma
"earlier today
 hypocritical non-statement on philandro castile’s death"
"the shootings were not even over yet before the conservative  newspaper new york post blared a headline declaring  civil war  between black people and police on friday. civil war four cops killed at anti-police protest
"whether you realize it or not
"newly released video shows a group of texas inmates breaking out of their cell to save the life of their jailer.according to kusa
"following the horrific turn of events in dallas
"if he had been black and the protesters had been white police would have killed him in a second.tragedy unfolded in dallas
"nobody can accuse former gop rep. joe walsh of having a clear view of anything. that s never been more apparent than last night
"if you listen to republicans
"minnesota governor mark dayton believes that philando castile was killed because he was a black man. the governor made his point of view crystal clear in public statements given on thursday. would this have happened if those passengers
"what do hillary s emails and police murders of unarmed black citizens have to do with each other? powerful white men
"in a meeting about  party unity
"this week
"a creationist tried to debate an atheist about evolution and he got owned within seconds.outside the recently opened noah s ark museum in kentucky
"jared kushner
"like father
"professional clinton witch hunter trey gowdy probably expected the public grilling of fbi director james comey to go a lot better than it did. on thursday
 but guess who did?"
"after yet two more instances of unwarranted police brutality against black men who were simply existing
"donald trump just played coy and hinted that if he manages to defeat hillary clinton and is elected
 proposes plan to slash birth control funding"
 murdering cops in emotional video"
"yesterday
"donald trump s antics at a campaign rally on wednesday night were completely and totally unhinged
"it is literally impossible for donald trump to let america forget about what an awful person he is for one day.trump s campaign has been getting wrecked over the past week thanks to a blatantly anti-semitic tweet he sent out a few days ago. the tweet was a meme with the star of david slapped over an anti-hillary clinton graphic  a meme that was traced back to a website frequented by white supremacists and neo-nazis. it doesn t seem possible
"donald trump has been very busy trying to defend his anti-semitic star of david tweet
"donald trump s candidacy has been very concerning to experts and leaders on national security. his erratic and aggressive philosophies on war and security would likely get thousands of americans and others killed
"donald trump loves to brag that he is the strongest republican candidate ever. as proof
"polls have shown for awhile that donald trump has a solid lead among white voters without a college education. what about those with a college education? that group tends to vote republican in presidential elections
"if msnbc had referred to donald trump as a rich asshole
"it s no secret that trump s campaign isn t exactly raking in the donations. after all
"as the fallout from gretchen carlson s sexual harassment lawsuit continues
"things are not looking good for donald trump
"we could already make the assumption that senate majority leader mitch mcconnell (r-ky) was making decisions off what the lobbyists in his back pocket are telling him to do
"thirteen years ago
"this morning
"donald trump is having a very difficult time finding a vice presidential running mate
"vox.com in conjunction with morning consult
 police have now killed 114 black men so far this year"
"michigan s republican governor
 screams ‘hang that b*tch’ at nc rally"
"the offices at fox news are in what amounts to civil war after longtime host gretchen carlson was abruptly and without reason fired   despite her having one of the top-rated shows on the network. adding to the chaos
"shortly after midnight tuesday morning
 racist float of obama in 4th of july parade (images)"
 most powerful woman in tv shuts ‘em down"
"after the fbi declined to charge hillary clinton of any wrongdoing in the email  scandal  conservatives have been frothing at the mouth about for years now
"donald trump held a campaign rally in raleigh
"donald trump will likely go down in history (hopefully way down) as the presidential candidate who embraced twitter as his main campaign tool. while other candidates simply tweet
"with all the talk of trump working on his list of potential vp picks
 and it’s pitiful"
"donald trump is the twitter candidate
"while appearing for the first time on the campaign trail with hillary clinton in north carolina
"president obama appeared at a campaign rally alongside hillary clinton
"the gop has been impatiently waiting for the moment that presumptive democratic nominee hillary clinton would be indicted over the issue of her emails
"when house democrats staged a 26-hour sit-in to protest the house s refusal to take up anything having to do with gun legislation
"meet abby johnson. abby johnson is a pro-life feminist and she has the most thankless job in the world: she s trying to move the anti-abortion movement away from rabid
"house speaker paul ryan has endorsed donald trump for president
"at 11 am tuesday morning
"on july 4
"donald trump is an embarrassment to the gop and
"on july 3
"okay
"anyone trying to defend donald trump after his disgusting anti-semitic tweet is having a really hard time.first
"donald trump could have just shut up and let the storm pass. but he didn t and he got taken to the woodshed for it.as we all know by now
"no one can accuse duck dynasty star phil robertson of being able to use the few brain his god saw fit to bless him with. nobody can accuse him of not clinging so desperately to his faith that he literally can t see anything else
"as people head out to celebrate america s independence
"even though the fact that the presumptive republican presidential nominee tweeted out anti-semitic imagery is bad enough
"today is july 4th
 islamophobic hotel clerk has unarmed man brutally arrested for speaking arabic (video)"
"new york times conservative columnist david brooks is absolutely amazing. after years of sitting by while republicans waged a scorched earth campaign against democrats
"californians have a choice ahead of them. in november
"ramadan is a holy month that all muslims celebrate. they fast from sunrise to sunset
"anyone following this election can easily see that donald trump is no angel. from his bigotry
 says backlash is ‘political correctness’ (video)"
"donald trump s reputation as a disgusting racist prig is well known
"mathew barzun
 needle-sharp zinger"
"during an appearance on meet the press sunday morning
"the plot thickens.if you ever needed any more proof that donald trump s campaign is in bed with white supremacists look no further than the anti-hillary meme trump posted on his twitter account on saturday morning.trump stirred national outrage and was accused of anti-semitism after posting a meme declaring that hillary clinton has made history by being the  most corrupt candidate ever  complete with a star of david.though he posted the meme
 racist assault on black reporter caught on video"
"donald trump just heard that hillary clinton won t face charges from the fbi and he went ballistic.conservatives have been frothing at the mouth over the prospect of hillary clinton being arrested and jailed over whatever imaginary crimes they believe she has committed. but after meeting personally with the fbi about her so-called email  scandal
"a little over a month ago
 partially blind teen
"on march 9
"anti-abortion advocates were dealt another heavy blow on friday after a federal judge blocked parts of a bill that would have put new restrictions on clinics that provide abortion-related health services. the bill
"you know
"republicans have found a new way to hurt the pockets of the working class   and this time they re going so low as to strip pay away from military personnel. in june
"donald trump has claimed since he launched his presidential campaign to be worth at least $10 billion. he has not offered any proof of this
"whenever donald trump has the opportunity to sell something
"how does the saying go? fox news isn t racist
"on friday
"ruline steininger wants to participate in an historic election that could result in the first female president of the united states
"ever since donald trump s true character was revealed in his presidential campaign
"attention
"the only people who think all jewish people are rich and shrewd with money are anti-semitic racists
"comedian denis leary has donated a lot of his own time and money to helping the victims of the terrorist attacks on september 11
 and it goes horribly wrong (video)"
"bill maher finished friday s episode of real time by absolutely destroying the always-failed experiment that is republican economics. it wasn t that hard
"the republican national committee seems to be crumbling before his royal censorness
"the religious right s attempt to stop women from exercising their legal right to an abortion is facing its biggest setback in years. after realizing that national abortion laws are a no-go
 and it’s a big victory for human rights"
 passes several gun reforms"
"as many have been less than enthused with trevor noah taking over for jon stewart on the daily show
"if you listen to donald trump at any of his many rallies
"many new minimum wage increases took effect on friday
" in a little over two weeks
"republicans are starting to rally around their presumptive presidential nominee
"can you put a price on bigotry? north carolina republicans just did. it s $500
"the very cornerstone of bernie sanders  campaign is income inequality
 right-wing nuts hilariously turn on trey gowdy"
000 of charity funds to buy sports memorabilia for himself"
"donald trump s anti-muslim rhetoric has been the focal point of his campaign
 maimed
 hilarity ensues (screenshots)"
"we all know that trump supporters are crazy
"north carolina is in a world of trouble. their bathroom law
"the head of the department of homeland security was at a judiciary committee hearing on capitol hill when
"a two-year old girl is in critical condition after sustaining severe injuries at a clark county
"donald trump has been making racist comments about the hispanic population since the beginning of his campaign
"donald trump s campaign might be close to broke
 trump often spied on mar-a-lago’s guest’s phone calls"
"canada is going to miss president obama when he leaves office just as much as most americans will.but before that happens
"just when you didn t think the trump campaign could sink any lower
"donald trump s slogan
 and it helped trump"
 and it only took a few seconds (video)"
"the nra claims to care about our military veterans but they just got busted desecrating a military cemetery by filming an anti-hillary campaign ad without permission.the 30 second ad shows benghazi attack survivor mark geist casually walking through the grave markers of our deceased military veterans in the midst of dramatic fear-inducing music as he openly blames hillary clinton for the deaths of four americans at the u.s. consulate in libya in september 2012. a lot of people say they aren t going to vote this november because their candidate didn t win
"leaving a young child alone in a vehicle is irresponsible   especially in florida during the summer. so far this year
"a struggling mom sent an email to all 122 of mississippi s lawmakers asking for help getting insulin and an insulin pump for her diabetic daughter. this was after she called 23 suppliers
"the democrats in the house of representatives last week showed a level of spine that the slimy weasel we call the speaker of the house
"the gop s anti-science stance is helping them do nothing but spiral ever farther out into the stratosphere
"nate silver is great at predicting the outcomes of political races. he predicted all 50 states correctly in the last presidential race
 so someone did"
"in a statement that was attempting to appeal to the left and to the worst conspiracy theorists on the right
"on june 13
"one of the most notorious republican donors over the last 40 years has been busted for tax fraud and slapped with a hefty penalty.billionaire businessman sam wyly has been a republican since the 1960s and contributed heavily to the presidential campaigns of george h. w. bush and george w. bush.after backing bush 41 in 1988
"trump responded to yesterday s tragic suicide bombings at istanbul s ataturk airport the only way he knows how   by ramping up the fear mongering and rallying for more violence and torture. this of course
 and conservatives really won’t like it"
"a group of white nationalists and skinheads who support donald trump s presidential campaign who were involved in a stabbing attack in california have announced that they will be at the republican national convention this july in cleveland.the group
 millions lost as he profited (video)"
"this guy just wants everyone dead.pastor steven anderson of faithful word baptist church in arizona just does not know how to shut his mouth.the day after the orlando mass shooting
"ted cruz
 so he’s breaking the law to raise money"
"if there s one thing president barack obama isn t threatened by
"making an appearance on abc s the view
"to conservatives
 trump gave barely more than $1
"when republicans announced that they would be abruptly releasing the conclusions to their exhaustive
"joe scarborough
"pastor steven anderson of faithful word baptist church in tempe
" lgbt crowd eyes preschool children.  that s the vile headline on a story republished on fox news from capital bigot laura ingraham s site
"following the end of every term for the supreme court
"last week
 dark heart (video)"
"it s almost poetic. just after the news broke that mike huckabee will have to pay $25
"cnn was quick to scoop up corey lewandowski after donald trump kicked him out of his role as campaign manager
 sarah palin uses random words to promote trump at politicon (video)"
 then lied about it"
"when kim davis made her way  back on the street  after doing her time and taking her chances
 and anti-choicers are positively fuming (tweets)"
"the supreme court just decided that no
"senator elizabeth warren continued her crusade against donald trump on monday and she she did not hold back.upon voting to exit the european union last week
 shouted racial slurs at black woman waiting for bus"
"republicans are trying so hard not to expose themselves as the racists they truly are. now that their nominee for president of the united states is a proud and open bigot
"a few days ago
"margaret sawyer was shocked when she encountered a blatantly racist  swim safe  poster at a public swimming pool in salida
"donald trump appears to be backing off on his pledge to deport immigrants
"a leaked video shows a group of probation officers brutally beating a teen inside a california detention center.the video
"as the united states celebrates gay pride
"while few who know anything at all about the realities of the world support donald trump
"while donald the trump is busy making the rounds decrying immigration
" go back to africa  is a phrase one would expect to hear someone tell an african-american at a trump rally
 multiple counter-protesters stabbed (video)"
"on sunday
"donald trump is a racist. that is a fact that cannot be disputed. he has the support of white supremacists and other professional bigots
"it s no secret that people are furious over the fact that cnn hired donald trump s former campaign manager
"during a segment of cnn s state of the union
 will’s response guts him"
"cracks are beginning to form in the gop s wall of ambivalence regarding the future platform of the republican party. for months
"a new poll released from abc/washington post shows some very good news for democrats: not only is hillary clinton crushing donald trump
 not brexit
 and these three devastating new polls prove it"
"on may 31 the state of arizona ran out of midazolam
"in march
 somehow makes it even worse (tweets)"
 and burning his bridges – guess why"
"christian parents who homeschool their children have the right to keep them stupid and ignorant according to a new ruling by texas  conservative-dominated supreme court.laura and michael mcintyre have been refusing to educate their kids because they believe they ll be raptured soon and literally argued that they have the right to do so under the 14th amendment of the constitution.just think about that for a minute. a christian couple is arguing that they should be allowed to not educate their kids because they think jesus is coming back any day now to take them all to heaven.and the texas supreme court actually agreed with them.according to the associated press;friday s 6-3 decision on technical grounds was a win for laura and michael mcintyre
"transcanada is officially suing the united states because president obama rejected their proposal to build the keystone xl pipeline last november.reuters reports: transcanada corp is formally requesting arbitration over u.s. president barack obama s rejection of the keystone xl pipeline
"in the aftermath of great britain voting to leave the european union
 things get ‘problematic’ real fast (video)"
 releases forbidden gun violence sketch anyway (video)"
"the polls are not looking good for donald trump   and he s the king of polls. hillary clinton leads him in arizona
"during a panel segment on real time with bill maher on friday night
"sam brownback and the current gop-led kansas legislature have all but destroyed kansas. it s so bad that a coalition of former kansas governors
"despite some noises being made by some republican detractors
"on thursday
"all republicans had to do is ban suspected terrorists from buying guns and pass a universal background checks law. but they chose to listen to the nra
"for the last few weeks
"after more than 20 years of service within the national guard
"the announcement that donald trump s problematic
"in the aftermath of the orlando shooting
 and hillary just nailed him for it (video)"
"the majority of republicans have fought tooth and nail to make sure that the lgbt community could not have the same rights and protections as others. president barack obama s presidency has been a major threat to those intolerant values
"in the wake of the orlando mass shooting arizona pastor steven anderson responded by cheering on the killings and called for executing every gay person in america. the good news is that there s 50 less pedophiles in this world
"the world is reeling today as britain just made the shocking decision to leave the european union (eu). yes
"texas conservatives are cheering after britain voted to leave the european union because they believe it means they can secede from the united states.upon learning of the results
"in a twist of fate
"for those who think donald trump isn t bringing horrible racism out from the depths of the right-wing s closet
"on thursday
"whenever big news happens in washington
"the republican party s response to making america a safer place following the most devastating mass shooting in modern america has been truly despicable.just a week after the tragic shooting at a nightclub in orlando
"another day
 you’re going to love his bernie and hillary (video)"
"while republicans whine that president obama isn t going after isis hard enough
 and it could be awesome"
"author stephen king has been a longtime advocate for gun control and he knows exactly why we can expect to see more mass shootings in the future.during a chat with game of thrones author george r. r. martin
"here s something a lot of people may not know: a current member of congress was a victim of a mass shooting.california rep. jackie speier
"when congresswoman gabrielle giffords was shot in 2011
"you ve got to admire barack obama s ability to speak plainly
 and now he backs trump (video)"
"on wednesday
"on wednesday
"as polls show clinton beating donald trump in kansas and catching up in georgia
 america will save $2.6 trillion in healthcare spending"
 possibly violates labor laws"
"this is disgraceful and it is an insult to every american who has ever lost a loved one to gun violence.democrats are sick and tired of republicans offering nothing more than  thoughts and prayers  instead of doing something substantial to prevent mass shootings
"donald trump is attempting to actually
 b*tch!’"
"stephen colbert was so angry at senate republicans that he crushed them into dust during his show on tuesday night.on monday
"the worst mass shooting in united states history took a backseat to republican lawmakers  grumbling stomachs in a move that was so offensive
"rachel maddow never pulls any punches when it comes to holding politicians accountable
"warren buffet
"long story short: a republican member of the house has filed an amendment to block the united states treasury
"massachusetts senator elizabeth warren has launched yet another epic attack on presumptive republican nominee donald trump
 and it’s beyond ludicrous"
"hillary clinton has been gearing up for months to take on donald trump and expose him as the fraud he is. she exposed his nonsensical view of the world in a searing national security speech
"pastor roger jimenez made national news after the most recent mass shooting at a gay night club in orlando when he decided to share what god thinks on the matter   specifically that more  sodomites  should be dead. unfortunately for him
"on tuesday president obama visited wounded and ill soldiers receiving treatment at walter reed national military medical center in bethesda
"after republicans in the senate decided that they would side with the gun lobby over saving lives
"there aren t very many black republican party officials in the united states
"a mother s heart-wrenchingly true facebook post is going viral following yesterday s senate vote on gun legislation
"as donald trump heads into the general election with virtually no money
"part of the appeal of donald trump
"just over a week ago
"if there s one thing most progressives   both bernie and hillary supporters   agree on
"as the donald trump campaign shows signs of going broke
 he admits he’s little more than a con artist"
"thinking before you speak is basically a required skill if you want to be a lawmaker
"there s no question that donald trump is running a (ahem) unique campaign. it s so unique that he s self-funded it into being broke. his fec filings
 it’s going to be a bloodbath"
"donald trump is the republican party s presumptive presidential nominee for the 2016 election. however
"just a week after the horrific shooting in orlando
"after the orlando massacre we ve once again seen republicans   led by donald trump   blame all muslims for the action of one person or group of people. they insist
 promises to break the law to do it"
"a racist trump supporter who couldn t hack it as a police officer is calling for right-wing militia members
"a four-year-old iowa boy died as the result of a gunshot injury on june 18.according to kwwl
"the donald trump campaign is in trouble
"a birmingham
 so conservatives call him a n***** (screenshots)"
"the parents of a 6th grade student at live oak classical school
 breaking his neck"
 prays god will finish off those in icu"
"wendy bradshaw became a teacher because she wanted to help children learn and prepare them to succeed in life. sadly
"philadelphia s archbishop charles caput is accused of using mafia-like tactics against a state lawmaker who stands in support of child victims of sexual abuse.in an email to pennsylvania state representative jamie santora
"donald trump is stuck in a court battle over his failed trump university scheme
 so he can’t be unbiased about orlando shooting (video)"
"carl bernstein
"the nra s executive vice president wayne la pierre appeared on cbs s face the nation sunday morning where he and face the nation host john dickerson sat down to discuss u.s. gun policy in the wake of the orlando massacre. well
"massachusetts senator elizabeth warren once again took aim at donald trump and took no prisoners as she hilariously mocked the possibility of a trump ticket with her one-time rival scott brown as his running mate.warren began her speech at the new hampshire democratic convention on saturday by apologizing to the state for beating brown in her home state because she  never expected  him to become new hampshire s problem. and from there
"hillary clinton is a complicated woman running in a country that wants its political platforms to fit on a trucker s cap. as a candidate
"fox news host tucker carlson is so desperate to defend assault weapons that he accidentally made the case for why they should banned.during the sunday morning edition of fox amd friends
"on sunday
"donald trump s presumptive nomination just cost the republican party a major sponsor at the republican national convention. reports circulated over the weekend that apple will be withholding technological and financial support for the rnc. those rumors have now been confirmed.politico first reported on apple s boycott of the convention
"for months
"mike hagan has a used car dealership and repair shop in rochester
’ of course (video)"
"this is why john mccain really regretted blaming president obama for the orlando mass shooting.on thursday
 shamelessly begs donors for $100k in a day"
"this is one of the most epic smack downs of a gun nut you ll ever see.during real time on friday night
"scott baio made an appearance on fox business where the actor and donald trump supporter insinuated that president obama is a muslim and a terrorist sympathizer. baio said during the interview: i can t tell whether he is dumb
"in the days following the massacre at the pulse nightclub in orlando
"a rainbow flag raised to honor the lgbt victims in the worst mass shooting in american history is in danger of being removed from the hillsborough county center in tampa bay
"donald trump s response to the horrific massacre in orlando   the worst in american history   was nothing short of disgraceful. instead of expressing condolences
’ man up and admit it (video)"
 terrifying truth about what really goes on at trump rallies (tweets)"
"the republican party is fractured
"gop tennessee state rep. andy holt is done with terrorism. his solution
"as republicans stand firm about doing nothing to curtail gun violence   even if that means letting terrorist suspects on watchlists purchase firearms   they are sending a strong massage to the public at their 2016 convention in cleveland: while your sons and daughters are being killed everyday
"two u.s. marines are reportedly under investigation following a potential threat against the lgbtq community posted on social media.according to the marine corps times an active duty marine posted an image to facebook which shows a uniformed corporal holding a rifle in a menacing manner. the message  coming to a gay bar near you
"donald trump has been irritating everyone lately. it has gotten to the point that even many of the most horrific conservatives can t look past the hate speech and general insanity that has accompanied the donald s attempt to become dictator-in-chief. for the most part
 companies are pulling out of the republican national convention"
"while republicans continue to wage war on the poor   demonizing them for daring to get government help   and drug testing them (even though only 2 percent of welfare recipients are users) democrats are turning the tables and waging war against the rich people receiving welfare (also known as tax deductions to the gop).representative gwen moore
"donald trump tweets out a number of terrible opinions on a daily basis so it takes an especially boneheaded post to get people s attention. on friday
 we’ll sue him (video)"
"with the race for president getting hotter by the day
"instead of bowing down to the nra leader who has never fought in war his entire life
’ issues epic f-you to gop brass (tweets)"
"it is no secret that the gop brass is less than thrilled to have donald trump as their presumptive nominee for the 2016 presidential race. however
"a texas mother recently woke up to possibly one of the most infuriating things a parent can see   a nasty
"senator john mccain is in damage control mode after he openly accused president obama of being  directly responsible  for the mass shooting in orlando
"since the shooting in orlando
 yet completely scientific
"if you re dissatisfied with debbie wasserman-schultz as the head of the dnc
 trolls them perfectly (tweets)"
"the boston globe knocks it out of the park with their thursday edition cover. the cover shows an image of an actual sized ar-15
"it looks like donald trump is having another really bad week. as americans are coming to grips with the threat of terrorism
"the gop is notoriously hostile to the lgbtq community. generally
 republicans cave
"when donald trump banned the washington post from his events
 calls it a national health crisis"
"only days after the worst mass shooting in the nation s history happened against the lgbt community
"normally mild mannered george takei is pissed at gun violence in this country
"after the horrific terrorist attack in orlando
"ever since the horrific act of senseless violence that was perpetuated on lgbt venue pulse nightclub in orlando
"there are too many people in our society who find the idea of two people of the same gender kissing
"more and more people have had just about enough of donald trump s ridiculous shenanigans. trump has been racist
"as republicans stall any talks relating to gun reform or gun violence
"on some level
"while donald trump continues to paint himself as the anti-saudi
 side with president obama"
 instead they trend #lgbtqhatestrumpparty (tweets)"
 bring back the house un-american activities committee (video)"
"as the gop presidential nominee
"these last several weeks
"as republicans cry phony
"from the very outset of trump s improbable political career one thing has been abundantly clear: his contempt for the american soldier borders on pathological.while he occasionally gets goaded into praising the troops (with all the enthusiasm of a hostage held at gunpoint)
"one of the nra s biggest talking points might have just been debunked
"when even fox news begins to call for gun control
"according to donald trump and far too many on the right
"while discussing donald trump on abc s the view
"as is typical for the nra whenever there s a high-profile shooting
"president obama is pissed off and he took republicans and their nominee to the woodshed on tuesday for inciting hate against all muslims and insisting that describing terrorists using certain words will make the threat disappear.ever since the mass shooting in orlando
"after the horrific attacks that claimed 50 lives and wounded 53 others in orlando
"former new york city mayor rudy giuliani had his ass handed to him so badly that he resorted to spouting trump talking points to distract from the whipping he just received.during an appearance on cnn on tuesday
"the last word with lawrence o donnell is seen by some as a rather dull msnbc talk show as compared to say
"whenever a tragedy strikes
 publicly shame speaker ryan over gun laws"
"everyone has their own idea about what made omar mateen murder 50 people at the pulse nightclub in orlando. he was supposedly driven to commit this sick and disgusting act after seeing two men kissing
 smacks down gun nuts (tweets)"
"pope francis
"microsoft is buying linkedin and they have so much cash on hand that they could pay for the professional social network four times over without ever needing to even pick up the phone to start dialing the number of a single bank. yet
"cnn recently broke the news that according to investigators working with the fbi regarding hillary clinton s use of a private email server:the fbi has not yet interviewed clinton as part of its investigation. as cnn first reported
 appoints him as his personal food delivery boy"
" americans have a right to defend themselves.   banning one type of gun will lead to banning all guns.   we can t limit the second amendment.   we re one justice away from repealing the second amendment.   democrats want to take your guns and leave you defenseless.   expanded background checks will lead to a registry
"it s hard to believe
 newspaper responds with middle finger"
"in response to the horrific orlando shootings (which is simultaneously being labeled terrorist attack and a hate crime)
 pres. obama issued a huge warning"
"in the wake of the worst mass shooting in american history committed by an isis sympathizer
"fox is not only number one with racists
 ‘thanks’ them for orlando (tweet/image)"
"at around 2:00 am on sunday
"a disturbing sex scandal that rocked the oakland
"overwhelmed by the sadness of the mass shooting in orlando
"during a telephone interview with cnn s jake tapper
"on the heels of the mass shooting at pulse nightclub in orlando
"pastor stephen l. anderson of faithful word baptist church in tempe
"the shooter in orlando
"santa monica police chief jacqueline seabrooks confirmed that a man arrested on his way to gay pride event in los angeles
"on sunday morning
"early sunday morning
"by nearly all accounts
"as if there wasn t enough reasons to hate donald trump
"the united states just experienced its worst mass shooting in history. fifty members of the lgbt community were gunned down in a gay nightclub in orland0
"blood donations are urgently needed in the orlando
"well that didn t take long.the bodies are still warm and the count of the dead continues
"conservatives are already praising god for the murder of 20 or more people at an lgbt night club in orlando
"the nation is in mourning for the lives of 50 people that were taken during a mass shooting that took place saturday night at pulse nightclub in orlando
"the shooter responsible for a mass shooting that is being investigated as an act of terrorism has been identified as omar mateen of port st. lucie
"hillary clinton is pulling out all the stops in her campaign against donald trump
"president obama just smacked down an attempt by the republican congress to let wall street defraud senior citizens.as addicting info reported here on april 30
"according to pastor darrell reid
 trolls donald trump"
"trump s business prowess is his major selling point with his followers
 google is not cheating for hillary clinton (video)"
"fox news  greg gutfeld isn t happy with our presidential candidates. he sees hillary clinton as a criminal
"the nation is once again having a conversation on sexual assault after a former stanford student was sentenced to only six months in jail after being convicted of sexually assaulting a 23-year-old woman. the slap on the wrist sentence is just one example of what seems like infinite examples of how society doesn t take sexual assault seriously enough.one of the most common ways that people contribute to this problem is by making excuses for the sexual assailant s actions. a recently released video lampoons those who try to blame the victims of sexual assault by changing the crime committed to murder.the video features two animated individuals discussing the recent murder of a man named james at a large party near their campus. here is a snippet of how the conversation goes: what was he wearing though? what? you know how he wears all of those v-neck t-shirts? yeah but i m just saying if you don t want to get stabbed in the neck consider wearing a turtle neck sweater or something. as ridiculous as that statement sounds
"d.l. hughley is never one to be shy with his opinions
"during a segment of hbo s real time with bill maher
"despite the racial outbursts
"if there s one republican we know that is absolutely devastated that donald trump is the gop s front runner
"many republicans believe that if donald trump s presidential campaign is as unsuccessful as it is ramping up to be
 convicted on ethics violations"
"the gop implosion continues
"brock turner
"friday was sasha obama s 15th birthday. all around the nation
"all the political buzz right now is whether or not elizabeth warren will be hillary clinton s vice presidential nominee. the once neutral massachusetts senator has now passionately endorsed clinton to be the democratic party s nominee for president of the united states
 and trump voters are fuming"
"in 2012
"as the democratic party begins to unite and the gop continues to implode
"when we lost boxing legend mohammed ali this week
"kansas  education system is a mess
"today
 throws shade worthy of a standing ovation"
"many republicans have expressed the opinion that donald trump is an absolute idiot
"one of the arguments against nominating hillary clinton for president has always been that bernie would be stronger against donald trump. there was some ammunition to that argument. bernie was doing better in a lot of polls. now
 reminds the world why he is a comedy legend (video)"
"the republican party is currently holding a joint conference with right-wing religious zealots at a event called the faith and freedom summit. it s an insane mix of bible thumping and shameless religious pandering. (ex. donald trump
"it s no secret that president obama has a quick wit and a great sense of humor. both were on full display on thursday s edition of jimmy fallon s the tonight show
"vice president joe biden followed up senator elizabeth warren s attack on donald trump with a sternly-worded condemnation of trump s attacks on the federal judge overseeing the trump university fraud case.biden: trump's comments on judge ""reprehensible"" and ""racist"" #inners   all in w/chris hayes (@allinwithchris) june 10
"if there s anyone who has clearly had enough of donald trump s ridiculous bullying shenanigans
"infamous donald trump spokeswoman katrina pierson has once again proven just how pitiful and ridiculous the donald and his entire team is. in speaking about president barack obama s recent endorsement of hillary clinton
"the republican party may be losing another supporter as gop senator susan collins of maine won t rule out voting for democratic nominee hillary clinton.collins
"today
"do you hear that sound? that sizzling and popping? that s the beautiful melody of the heads of conservatives across the nation exploding in the wake of some very
"a new report reveals that donald trump swindled  hundreds  of people out of money. these aren t super rich investors (though he was involved in ventures that lost them money
"police are investigating a possible hate crime after a bomb went off inside a women s restroom in target.on wednesday
"there have been many musical artists who have demanded that donald trump cease and desist using their tunes to rile up the crowds at his campaign rallies
"after staying neutral for more than a year
"the republican party may have done more than shoot themselves in the foot by supporting donald trump as their nominee
 misgender trans high school athlete (video)"
"first lady michelle obama
"as donald trump heads into the general election against democratic rival hillary clinton
"throughout the democratic primary
"david duke
"donald trump
"while it s usually donald trump s fans that make headlines in the media for angry
 and it’s amazing (tweet)"
"fearing that the 2016 presidential election will be a disaster   with hillary clinton and senate democrats looking pretty favorable   republicans have
"as trump begins his second try at  softening  his image
"after a hard-fought race between herself and senator bernie sanders
"republicans are beginning to jump ship
"while donald trump is undeniably very wealthy
"after emerging victorious in the democratic primary tuesday night   securing the majority of pledged delegates thanks to new jersey and california   hillary clinton got right down to business. and her first order was to reach out to trump-weary republicans with a new domain: republicansagainsttrump.orgregistered on may 24
"the new york daily news
 so conservatives called obama a n***** (screenshots)"
"the media hyped the fact that donald trump used a teleprompter during his speech on tuesday night after winning the final slate of republican primaries (with no opposition). the speech was more sober and low energy than most trump speeches have been
"despite his tough talk on international affairs
"absolutely everything about the story of brock turner
"for almost an entire year donald trump insulted
"facing a tough reelection against congresswoman tammy duckworth
"in 1991
 and it was absolutely perfect (video/tweets)"
"it s gotten to the point that if you re still considering voting for donald trump in november
"cnn has been heavily criticized for its coverage of donald trump s rise and rightfully so. for months
’ still backs him for president"
 apparently hoping for some sweet border wall money"
"yet another conservative is openly expressing his support for the #nevertrump movement   and it s none other than michael reagan
 called his family"
 loser-y response to seeing $1.3 million ad buy dumped by buzzfeed"
"the cops should leave this woman
 obama nominee dies waiting for confirmation"
 making her the democratic nominee"
"when donald trump began his one-man quest to smear the judge presiding over his trump university lawsuit using appalling racial rhetoric
"this is why republicans lost the black vote and will continue losing it for generations to come.during a closed door meeting of hedge fund managers
"scott adams
"being transgender in a society that does not understand you
"as the democratic primary wraps up   with hillary clinton slated to clinch the majority of pledged delegates and thus reach the total amount of delegates needed for victory   sources with cnn and the new york times confirmed that president obama is ready to make an official endorsement this week.and that candidate is hillary clinton. according to the new york times
 and it’s glorious (video)"
 and what he did with it will blow you away (video)"
"the idea of a donald trump presidency is scary as hell for most of us. however
"now that republican presidential nominee donald trump has crossed the rubicon of racism
"on sunday
"since the start of donald trump s campaign for president of the united states
"according to the most recent statistics
 new york will boycott you’"
 charge him with assault (video)"
"the last couple of years have been rampant with what seems like premature deaths. would we have ever been able to prepare ourselves for the deaths of robin williams
"it s not surprising that donald trump would pay his female staffers less than his male staffers. he s sexist
 goes on bizarre
"max gracia
"they haven t toured in ten years but the dixie chicks began their new world tour by making one hell of a political statement.the trio have never been shy about slamming republicans in the past. just ask ted cruz and george w. bush
"donald trump s proposal to build a wall between the united states and mexico is absolutely ridiculous. it s unnecessary
 supports punishing liberals"
"on wednesday a 20-year-old special needs man was gunned down by an angry gun owner in landover hills
"during an interview on cnn sunday morning
"the right wing loves to appropriate revolutionary icons. muhammed ali is very much one of those icons. since his passing on friday
"after widespread
"republican presidential nominee donald trump s bizarre accusation that the judge overseeing the lawsuit about trump university can t be impartial because of his  mexican heritage  has been rebuked and slammed from multiple angles. but the most senior republican in the united states senate refuses to call the attack racist.appearing on meet the press
"black and brown people accounted for 86.5 percent of new york city s misdemeanor arrests
"students at a north carolina high school have let donald trump s influence get to them way too much. last week
"in a video uploaded to facebook earlier this week
"beebe
"finally
"it s official: no one in the obama family can do or say anything without the stupid part of america calling them n*ggers. as she gave her final
"the black family whose family reunion photo was used in a tweet by donald trump to prove the republican nominee has support with black voters is pushing back strongly on the reality tv star. buzzfeed contacted the perry family after it was revealed that trump retweeted a post using their family gathering to boost his campaign.buzzfeed news can reveal the parents in the photograph
 he’s so stupid’"
"the war of words between donald trump and elizabeth warren just reached an epic new height. on saturday
"until recently
 and it’s priceless (video)"
"brock allen turner
"the morning after getting pounded for several racial outbursts he made on friday
"donald trump s many business ventures mean that he s got business relationships with many banks
"when you think of anti-trump people
 harry reid leading effort"
"after a shaky jobs report in april
"ana navarro
"donald trump pointed out a black person in the crowd at a rally in redding
"our beautiful first lady michelle obama used her final commencement address to take aim at gop presidential nominee donald trump
 be worse than nixon"
"while speaking at the massachusetts institute of technology (mit) commencement ceremony
"when cnn held a discussion about the investigation surrounding democratic front-runner hillary clinton s use of a private email server
"a 16-year-old is dead after a group of white thugs threatened to gun him down and chased him until he collapsed and died from an asthma attack.dayshen mckenzie and his friend harry met up with the group behind a restaurant and an argument over a girl escalated into threats of violence and a chase that had mckenzie running for his life.according to harry
"for the first four years of barack obama s presidency i chided him for being too nice to the stupid part of america. as they spread ridiculous conspiracy theories about him   that he s really from kenya
"republican house speaker paul ryan has been getting slammed ever since the moment he announced his endorsement of donald trump   and that s not going to stop anytime soon.on friday morning
"to say hillary clinton wiped the floor with donald trump during her foreign policy speech is being far too polite. she demolished him. she hit him
"director michael bay is perhaps best known for his over-the-top
"political cartoons are usually awesomely hilarious
"while the media continues to push the narrative that trump is catching up to clinton
"donald trump is very upset at the judge overseeing the ongoing lawsuit in which the allegation is being made that his trump university was nothing more than a sophisticated scam designed to separate regular americans from their hard earned money. despite the republican nominee s attempts to detract attention away from the case
"after former secretary of state hillary clinton unloaded on republican presidential nominee donald trump in a major foreign policy speech on thursday
"as donald trump continues to attack mexicans
"if you ever needed any more proof that conservatives are hypocrites
"the controversy surrounding the cincinnati zoo s decision to kill harambe
"despite all the problems plaguing donald trump over his failed trump university
"it would make sense why trump claimed wages are  too high  as is
"the world reeled when beloved musical icon prince rogers nelson   known simply as  prince    suddenly died at the age of 57 on april 21 of this year. music and pop culture lovers everywhere have mourned this iconic man s death and wondered how a seemingly healthy pop star could just drop dead at such a relatively young age
"on thursday afternoon
 hillary clinton and donald trump are not ‘equally’ hated – she is much more loved"
 yells n****** b*tch while starbucks customers silently watch"
"house speaker paul ryan is nothing but a spineless weasel. earlier in the gop primary season
 and hillary just proved it in under 2 minutes (video)"
"somebody alert mike rowe
"in 2013
"donald trump has already proven to america that he attracts the energy that he puts out. this has been especially true for his loyal supporters
"on wednesday
"republican presidential nominee donald trump is trying really hard to ignore the controversy and lawsuit surrounding trump university. earlier this week he even attacked the media because they had the audacity to do their jobs and report on the lengths the university went to in their efforts to defraud people of their money. on thursday
"fox news
"fox news host greta van susteren saw an opportunity to use nasa to take a jab at  big government  that is equal parts confused and stupid. it did not go well.nasa recently released some incredibly stunning photographs of pluto
"one of america s most legendary journalists
"it doesn t seem to matter what it is
"it s not just white american men who fight and die for this country. women
"bill gates is the richest man in the world. unlike donald trump
"the family research council s hater-in-chief tony perkins is joining his fellow deranged right-wing christians in insisting that left-wingers are slowly but surely about to outlaw christianity. he appeared on d. james kennedy ministries  truths that transform show with the ministry s president
"from the civil war to jim crow to george wallace
"after being held in civil contempt for failing to follow a judge s order not to racially profile
 and he’s p*ssed"
"if you ve been following donald trump at all
 tweets)"
 louisiana starts enrolling over 375
"while the country has a meltdown over hillary clinton s email scandal (even though she didn t break any federal laws)
"someone we haven t heard a lot from during the course of this year s election cycle is melania trump
"when listening to donald trump one really can t believe anything he actually says without tangible proof. let s just say he s not the most honest fellow
"a top gun lobbyist has just warned americans that if a conservative candidate (meaning donald trump) doesn t get elected into the white house
"throughout his entire presidential campaign
"ken ham is a right-wing
"donald trump s idiotic followers may believe that trump is going to eradicate the islamic state
"it s no secret that sean hannity is one of donald trump s biggest bootlickers. following trump s most recent press conference
 the independent who republicans recruited to run against donald trump"
"every year president obama  declares  june lgbt pride month. last year s pride month was a little more special considering the supreme court legalized same-sex marriage across all 50 states.this year
"this is why we have separation of church and state
"new york attorney general eric schneiderman isn t going to allow donald trump s 2016 presidential campaign get in the way of his ongoing prosecution of the gop frontrunner for  fraud. schneiderman is the highest profile government official looking into trump s shady business dealings at trump university. customers claim that after they signed up for the opportunity
"it is now clear why donald trump attacked the judge in the case overseeing lawsuits against his now-defunct trump university.the judge ordered the company s internal sales documents to be released over trump s objections
 bernie and hillary targets (image)"
"when your presidential candidate is supported by the media of a corrupt tyrannical regime
"last weekend
"a 12-year-old boy has just gone viral for absolutely shredding every anti-vaxxer s argument against vaccinating children.the boy
"an elderly
"how does the old saying go? the more unapologetically defensive you appear
"ted cruz thinks he could be an asset to the campaigns of his fellow republican senators. there s just one problem
"the republican party is not well   we know it and they know it.after getting roasted in the last general election
"richard dreyfuss has provided us with some of the finest moments in movie and television history. his ability to run the table on acting to bring us everything from mr. holland to dick cheney to bob s savior
"on your way into work you may occasionally see portable electronic traffic signs that keep you aware of oncoming traffic problems or perhaps an exit being closed. here s the thing
"the colorado gop needs to get their stories straight regarding an outrageously racist anti-obama facebook post. top delta county lawmaker linda sorenson posted a picture of president reagan feeding a baby monkey
 calls asian americans ‘mandarins’ and insists it’s o.k."
"maybe being a racist bigot isn t good for business after all. as donald trump ascends to power within the republican ranks
"it s no secret that world-renowned political theorist noam chomsky does not want donald trump in the white house
"conservatives have embraced the idea that every migrant trying to escape the syrian civil war is an islamist terrorist operating in a sleeper cell who wants to blow up westerners or institute sharia law. the reality of the situation is that the people trying to escape this conflict are normal families that look like our own.one such child died trying to escape
"astrophysicist stephen hawking is internationally renowned for his insights into space
"the mere thought that donald trump could succeed president obama is mindboggling. if you need any visual representation to figure this out
"as much as he and his supporters want to say the media is against donald trump
"shell admits to spilling 90
"on sunday
"as republicans unite around gop candidate donald trump
"as politico reports an almost neck-and-neck race between hillary clinton and bernie sanders
 and it will piss trump voters off (video)"
"a group of about 1
"brittni darras teaches english at rampart high school
"this weekend
"donald trump s campaign manager
138 free gifts from lobbyists"
"there should be no doubt that racism is very much at least part of what is fueling donald trump s presidential campaign. tim wise
"it s become abundantly clear that donald trump doesn t think through what he s saying
"it s memorial day weekend so
"with the democratic primary process drawing to a close soon
"it appears that republicans aren t quite sure if they are on board with donald trump s plan to ban all muslims from entering the united states. during an interview with jonathan karl on abc s this week
"former gop presidential candidate marco rubio made several startling comments in a truly humiliating interview on sunday
"fox news has declared war on the merriam-webster dictionary for defining a hot dog as a sandwich.america s most embarrassing  news  network literally incited anger over the classification when fox & friends reported on it on saturday.to celebrate memorial day
"conservatives just love to be stupid. they can t help it; it s a byproduct of believing the rhetoric
"in what was either an interview with cnn s jake tapper or a very public suicide note
"billy joel made a fool of donald trump this weekend with a shoutout tribute to the orange man in front of a capacity crowd at madison square garden in new york city. trump made a fool of himself shortly thereafter by showing he has no clue what sarcasm is and thanking joel for the kind gesture:thank you @billyjoel  many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at msg. appreciate it- love your music!  donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) may 28
"this week temperatures in the town of phalodi
 but a judge just said ‘no’"
"several high school seniors in texas won t be having such a high old time for graduation this year
"for years
 strings-attached donations"
"this week marked a particularly shameful level of the kind of republican obstruction that has now become the norm. as reports came in that zika had hit the united states with a vengeance
"a new war toy for the navy was shown off recently in an article published in the wall street journal.the  supergun  as the wsj s headline refers to it
"earlier this week
"donald trump told an audience in fresno
"a pre-general election debate between bernie sanders and donald trump would have been a political event that would be talked about for years. however
"throughout donald trump s entire campaign
"donald trump has repeatedly sworn he loves hispanics and hispanics love him
"the headline from conservative blog usa politics today is ominous and tantalizing:  what malia obama just did with her friends will make you furious . it makes you want to know if the older obama daughter has finally done something that could be considered an embarrassment to her parents. she is
"like a stubborn cold that just doesn t seem to go away
"kansas  school system has been in considerable trouble ever since the state s republican government decided to slash funding and change how money was distributed
 guess who he supports for president"
"we know that the bp deepwater horizon oil spill was one of the worst manmade disasters in history. scientists are still desperately studying the behavior of marine life in the region hoping to find clues as to better understand just how much harm bp caused the ecosystem in 2010.that s why when a video showing a pod of orcas swimming very close to the mouth of the mississippi river off the coast of louisiana
"a photo of graduating west point cadet 2nd lt. alix schoelcher idrache went viral after it was published by west point s u.s. military academy on facebook. the photo shows idrache
"a republican candidate for a u.s. house seat is under fire from a police union after she made incendiary remarks about pointing guns at police officers and possibly shooting them.nevada assemblywoman michele fiore is on the receiving end of a rebuke from the largest police union in that state.nevada s largest police union has come out against assemblywoman michele fiore (r) for her recent suggestion that citizens can take aim at law enforcement officers so long as police point their weapons first. ms. fiore
"despite donald trump s bravado and far too many in the mainstream media reporting on the hate and misogyny in his campaign as if it simply a normal presidential enterprise
"as the presidential race heats up and the coffers start to pour in for a general election
"president obama s trip to hiroshima would come and go without an official apology to the japanese people for dropping hellfire on them to end world war ii. the official position of the u.s. government is that the bombings were a necessary evil to end a war with no end in sight
"a graham park middle school student was arrested in front of his peers and later charged with larceny
"when listening to donald trump speak
"donald trump has made a lot of offensive statements over the years
 then hugged
"what is the price of one s dignity? florida senator marco rubio recently found himself wrestling with that question and came up with the answer  i d exchange it for nothing
"dozens of republicans walked out of a meeting being held in the capitol basement on thursday after one of their fellow conservatives suggested that they d sinned by supporting a proposal to protect the lgbt community from discrimination.the bill was focused about government spending
"things got a little heated during a press conference with president obama in japan on thursday. the usually easygoing president snapped at a reporter who wanted to waste his time by asking about hillary clinton s emails.obama told reporters that he was going to take one more question but when a member of the press asked him about clinton he changed his mind
"when donald trump recently said he would love to have a debate with democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders during his appearance on  jimmy kimmel live
 would charge people to keep polls open"
 can’t seem to escape"
"what s the most anti-american thing someone can do besides vote for donald trump in november? apparently
 and it’s hilarious (image)"
 not hurt her"
"according to donald trump
"donald trump has a strategy to defeat hillary clinton
"on wednesday
"rosie o donnell and donald trump have been engaged in a years-long feud
"after an anti-lgbt witness demonstrated her ignorance of transgender people
"rep. louie gohmert is perhaps america s most troubled congressperson. vehemently anti-gay
"while speaking at the g-7 summit in shima
"an ice cream parlor in orange county
"it s not about polls
"donald trump was involved at the highest levels in a cozy real estate deal that allowed $20 million in taxes owed to the federal government to go uncollected. the revelation comes as trump still refuses to disclose his income taxes even as it emerged that years ago he paid no taxes
"if there is anyone who is as big a bully as donald trump
"democratic frontrunner hillary clinton had a couple of really enthusiastic supporters show up at her buena park
 find obama’s new house is sort of near islamic center"
"paul manafort
"how does the saying go? if we don t learn from history we re bound to repeat it. well
"donald trump s past support of hillary clinton came back to bite him on the ass during an appearance on jimmy kimmel live.during the wednesday night broadcast
"maine s governor paul lepage is a tea party idiot who refused medicaid expansion under obamacare
"no one has ever accused the bundy boys of being intelligent. their grasp on reality is a little sketchy
"jimmy kimmel landed a rare
"a federal lawsuit filed against officials at dietrich high school
"there are many good things in the bible   messages of love
 and it’s hilarious"
"donald trump s best efforts to smear democratic front runner hillary clinton have just been ruined and exposed   thanks to the carelessness of his own campaign!on wednesday
"women
 it’s still legal to f*ck a cat"
"there s nobody your standard issue right-wing nutjob loves more than chris kyle. his story is the stuff of ammosexual dreams. not only did he join the military to go fight terrorists
"senator tom cotton just put on a legendary show of hypocrisy on the floor of the senate and my jaw has not quite left the floor. cotton is known these days as  tehran tom  thanks to his poorly executed attempt to derail president obama s nuclear agreement with iran by organizing a secret letter that was sent to the iranian government instructing the country to ignore the diplomatic agreement or else
"as the democratic primary wraps up and tensions continue to flare
"if donald trump were a smart man
"it s being dubbed the  rare boycott that actually worked.  in today s age of endless cycles of outrage and amnesia
"there s been an ongoing battle between presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump and massachusetts senator elizabeth warren. the two have been verbally sparring back and forth for over a month now. trump hurling insults
"ever since his gop rivals dropped out of the presidential race and he became the presumptive republican nominee
"the keepers of the written word in america are so abhorred by the prospect of donald trump becoming president that they penned a letter to the country declaring their opposition.hundreds of writers and authors
"rasmussen polling wrote a commentary last year outlining ten factors that will determine who the next president will be. among those was
"since john oliver left the daily show to take a spot on hbo
"did your obamacare premiums go up this year? blame republicans.in their effort to destroy president obama s signature legislative achievement
"now that donald trump has more or less sealed the republican nomination
"almost a year ago
"as donald trump looks like he s going to be leading the republican party in the general election
"ever since target decided to stand up to transphobic bigots and allow transgender individuals to use the restrooms that matched their gender identity
"while speaking with the ladies from the view via satellite from anaheim
"racists
"president barack obama made history when he appointed a christian air force veteran to the president s advisory council on faith-based and neighborhood partnerships. since conservatives love our troops
"full frontal host samantha bee returned on monday to continue mocking evangelical conservative  christians  and their sordid history.this time
 and she’s exactly right (tweet)"
"the general election hasn t even truly begun and already donald trump has reached a level of mudslinging previous candidates would have been horrified by. having already dealt an astoundingly underhanded blow to former opponent ted cruz by suggesting cruz s father was involved in the kennedy assassination
"alexander mccoy
"republicans plan to use laws about voter id to win this fall s elections
"donald trump s mortgage company was part of the carnival of greed that preyed on the american people by providing subprime mortgages to unqualified borrowers
 rejects racist gerrymandering"
"move over
"if there s anyone who shouldn t be pointing fingers at other men for the mistreatment of women
"the democratic party has descended into madness. democratic voters are split. the convention is going to be a disaster. bernie sanders may take his supporters and walk away
 think six wives will appeal to women"
"bill o reilly is a real piece of work. on his show
 roasts reputation with women (video)"
"a rather interesting detail has emerged about donald trump s mother that is threatening to derail part of trump s campaign that he s heavily relied on to win over america s most racist voters.according to a recent report released by the national
 7 hospitalized after unknown substance found in clinic (video)"
 tells us who should be winning (video)"
"musicians tend to be very left leaning. unless they re ted nugent
"prosecutors allege that bone cement manufactured by norian and its parent company
"an anguished oregon couple took to social media this week in hopes of getting justice for their one-year-old son
 gives terrifying glimpse of what may come (video)"
"it s no doubt hillary clinton has made gun violence a cornerstone in this election. for the first time
 church pastor charged in tennessee human trafficking case (video)"
"on saturday
"california is known as one of the most gay-friendly areas of the country
"as addicting info reported here
"as schools across the nation are fighting science
"according to the national center for education statistics
 says israel has become a fascist state"
 and they’re perfect"
"donald trump recently went after the gun nut vote in a hard way when he declared during the national rifle association s annual meeting on friday that he
"once again
"trump is a millionaire who clearly doesn t need federal money for his businesses
"a group of anti-muslim protesters descended on downtown houston to protest the completed construction of an islamic library inside of an already existing muslim community center. less than a dozen protesters actually showed up to the protest. the event was organized by a group called  the heart of texas.  apparently
"no matter which candidate you re pulling for to be the democratic presidential nominee
 wants to ‘weed out’ voters based on right-wing testing guidelines"
 age 28 (video)"
 but obama just took out a major terrorist"
 fools no one"
"if you ve ever wondered why suddenly
"donald trump just can t accept that he has completely demolished any and all chances of winning over the hispanic vote.refusing to be discouraged by the fact that he s offended the hispanic community since day one of his disgraceful presidential campaign and continuously pummeled the minority group throughout the election cycle
 arrested for holding hands wins $80
"liz heron
"debbie wasserman-schultz hasn t exactly been kind to the bernie sanders campaign. as chairperson of the democratic national committee
"at this point
"national rifle association president wayne lapierre had an absolute meltdown at the organization s annual conference on friday about voting rights. lapierre is extremely pissed off that democrats want to restore voting rights to ex-felons. apparently
"the military veterans group votevets is blasting presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump as a  fraud
 and it should terrify republicans"
"white privilege is a thing. there are many white people who will deny this all day long
"bernie sanders supporters have been in an uproar about the democratic national committee s rules for primaries
 scotus and shoving things down people’s throats (video)"
"one of donald trump s advisors thought he was going on cnn to smear democratic frontrunner hillary clinton
"mark cuban is not a fan on donald trump
"on thursday
"donald trump has been getting heavy media coverage as of late regarding his taxes and sketchy business dealings
 personal donation appears missing"
 but they’d have ended him in 2012 for his comments right after sandy hook"
 promising them party unity"
"the gop didn t panic when a poll conducted earlier this year showed that utah might vote for the democratic candidate in november in order to avoid electing donald trump. however
 but it’s unlikely to stop"
 tax evasion"
"miss universe 1996 alicia machado is now an american citizen and will be voting for the first time this november
"talk of impeaching our first african-american president is like oxygen to republicans   if they don t mention it incessantly
"one of the cornerstones of donald trump s campaign for president has been that he s going to keep jobs here at home. he s made it one of the key talking points at his many
 report says"
"republican lawmakers oppose paid family leave. but the majority of americans say they support it
"throughout this presidential race
"if america is going to end the day donald trump takes the nomination at the gop convention
"the party that claims to be  pro-life  sure has a funny way of showing it. this week
"alabama state rep. patricia todd (d) made waves earlier this week when she dressed her thoughts up in an extremely articulate op-ed for al.com that addresses the current  controversy  over where people should pee. rep. todd
"giddy with the news that an egyptian commercial airplane had disappeared on route from france to cairo
"donald trump s number one fangirl
"the u.s. has one of the highest incarceration rates in the world
"chris christie s strange loyalty to presumptive republican nominee donald trump has been questioned since the day he pledged his unwavering support to the business mogul. however
"trae crowder
"pope francis is no fan of walmart or of mcdonalds
 and it is glorious (tweet)"
 and yes
 her answer was epic (video)"
"if signed
 including child abuse"
"when you live in a state that thinks the worst things about their school system is open bathrooms and the fact that textbooks fail to show jesus riding a dinosaur
"on friday
"house democrats did something extraordinary today: they broke parliamentary procedure on the house floor and literally shamed republicans after they blocked an important lgbt amendment from passing.now this should come as no surprise. republicans have always been hostile towards lgbt rights
"it was an epic shaming they all deserved.when democrats introduced a bill to increase the age limit on exotic dancers from 18 to 21 in an effort to curb sex trafficking
 calls bill clinton a rapist on fox news"
"many of us are still wondering where the hell donald trump s tax returns are. he keeps telling us that he can t release them because he s in the middle of an audit
"it s become quite clear that as much as fox news wants to make the appearance of being honest and inclusive
"just when you think the right-wing shills at fox news couldn t possibly get anymore despicable
"bill 468
"former utah senator bob bennett lay in a hospital bed fighting a losing battle against pancreatic cancer and the ravages of a stroke
"oops. while the media is still talking about the fact that donald trump refuses to release his tax returns
"some people like to create solutions to problems that just simply do not exist
"barbara res worked for seven years as the head of construction for donald trump s company and she just told msnbc s chris hayes  he has to be stopped. barbara res on her former boss
"it s funny how extreme right-wing christians always think they know what their god is thinking about politics
"if you ask members of the democratic party who is to blame for the rift in the party many of them will place the blame on democratic national committee chairwoman debbie wasserman-schultz   including former obama advisor van jones.as the leader of the party
"one of the tenets of christianity is  thou shalt not steal
"cow towing to the conservatives who think he isn t pure enough (yes
"man
"in an effort to  get serious
"on tuesday
"after having backed senator ted cruz
"president obama is currently in his final year as commander-in-chief while donald trump is the presumptive nominee of the republican party. 70 percent of women hold an unfavorable view of donald trump while 56 percent of women voted for president obama in 2012. and it s not hard to see why.an incredible video by buzzfeed compares how president obama has treated women versus how donald trump has treated women.while president obama has focused on making sure women and girls have the same opportunities as men and boys and appreciates the role that women have played in making this nation strong
"knowing that hardworking americans need to be paid fairly if they are putting in extra hours on the job   hours away from their home and family
"every time donald trump tries to walk back his  punishment  comments on abortion
"throughout his presidency
"ever since the attacks on the u.s. diplomatic compound in benghazi
"in the wake of his failed efforts to sell the gun he used to murder trayvon martin
 cancels appearance for mentioning them in comedy skit"
"after eight years of belly aching from every single republican about how we have virtually no economic recovery under president obama
"after a very public falling out
"facebook is in the middle of a charm offensive targeted at conservatives
"if you ve ever thought our government is completely run by the national rifle association
"donald trump s wife melania has made some shocking comments in regards to a barrage of anti-semitic remarks that trump supporters directed towards a reporter. after julia ioffe did a profile of mrs. trump for gq magazine
 sort of (video)"
"donald trump never runs out of new ways to disgust and offend people. ever since the first day of his presidential campaign
"alex jones of the right-wing site infowars is no stranger to insane conspiracy theories
"clayton denny is a former u.s. marine who moved to sheridan
"in a glorious segment of full frontal on monday
"noam chomsky desperately wants america to wake up and see how destructive republican values are to the future of this country.in an interview with democracynow
"mike webb is a conservative christian who is running for office in the hopes that he can represent virginia s 8th district in the united states house of representatives as an independent. just days after webb s announcement
"donald trump might be desperately trying to win over the latino vote with his false claims that he  loves hispanics
"democrats are days away from launching a multi-million dollar advertising campaign designed to completely destroy donald trump and render him impotent in the general election. the organization leading the charge will be priorities usa
"superstar actress and international humanitarian angelina jolie spoke out about donald trump s hateful speech that is the central premise of his entire presidential campaign. speaking at an event in london organized by the bbc about the ongoing syrian migration crisis
"the atmosphere created by conservatives and their anti-transgender witch hunt is becoming more and more apparent by the day. the trend started by north carolina
"since the beginning of donald trump s terrible offensive and divisive campaign
"perhaps it s time to build a wall around texas and let it fail as a country separate from the united states
 and it’s brilliant (video)"
"unless you re an idiot
"ever since we ve heard the news of donald trump and his  publicist  john miller
 and they are all excellent"
"in response to the department of justice s guidelines preventing school officials from demanding that students prove their gender identity to use a restroom
 gop: this economic powerhouse just got 99% of its energy from renewable energy"
 stranger at graduation ceremony"
"disowning your parents is an incredibly painful thing to do. these are the people who created you. the people who raised you and loved you and kissed your  boo-boos  when you got hurt. unfortunately
"an email obtained by wtvf in nashville
"donald trump has so many feuds going on at the moment it can be hard to keep track of them all. one of the most potentially damaging feuds
"the obama administration recently sent a missive to public schools nationwide
 kill rarest fish on earth (video)"
"an ongoing demonstration taking place outside of anacortes
"on sunday
"naples
"two years ago
 why is trump still here? (tweet)"
"with donald trump handing out nicknames left and right
"police have suspended the licenses of at least 37 new york city gun owners following the arrest of gun license broker shaya lichtenstein.according to new york daily news
"the presumed nomination of donald trump has given a new flavor to the 2016 gop field. or
"since the rise of presumptive republican nominee donald trump
"a group of desperate republicans which includes mitt romney
 so conservatives called her ‘ape’ and ‘gorilla’ (screenshots)"
"americans can thank that pesky liberal media for spotlighting just how awful presumptive republican party presidential nominee donald trump really is. while he has proven to be a blustering sexist all on his own with comments made towards women like megyn kelly
"the mere fact that donald trump is the presumptive nominee for president of the united states is quite comical in of itself   not only because it s donald trump
"during an interview with new york times columnist maureen dowd
"a meteorologist wearing a rather classy dress was shocked when a male anchor humiliated her on air because he felt her clothing was inappropriate. in a scene straight out of the 1920 s
"if donald trump becomes president
 gets destroyed by fox host"
"despite the fact that donald trump has admitted in the past that he has acted as his own publicist
"during his radio show on friday
"in a comedy skit in its own right
"it s always been obvious to people with half a clue or better that the hatred towards our president was more because of the color of his skin than anything he could possibly have done politically. had a white man walked into the same mess and turned it around into hope for the future and a better country than the one he was handed
"whether you love him or hate him
"on march 21
" racism doesn t exist anymore! the united states is as inclusive as it s ever been! white supremacists don t live in the usa! we have a black president
"on may 9
"every year glaad holds their media awards ceremony to  recognize and honor media for their fair
"religious bigots continue their hateful rhetoric against transgender people at alarming rates
"while republicans whine and complain that their right to be a bigot is being  infringed  on by the big bad liberal government
500 times"
"the director of the anti-lgbt group the family research council had an interview with chris mathews that he probably should not have shown up for. travis webber
"one of the great mysteries of the universe is trying to figure out what makes people who otherwise may seem rational like and support donald trump for president. appearing on fox news
 pianist hilariously pretends to accompany"
"in 2015
"paul ryan and the republican leadership are rolling out plans to keep wages stagnant in america for the foreseeable future. a $23 billion cut is aimed at eliminating food benefits through the supplemental nutrition assistance program (snap) to people on unemployment who are either in school or job training. it s an age-old gop tactic. eliminate the help for people who are looking to do better and they are forced out of school or training and into minimum wage jobs.once they get there
"ever since the supreme court effectively legalized same-sex marriage nationwide
 in return wants billions for israel (video/tweet)"
"the obama administration has told states around the nation in no uncertain terms that they will not be able to continue to discriminate against transgender students in schools. the language used by attorney general loretta lynch regarding transgender rights was strong and left no room for debate. of course
"the gop was right. thanks to target s decision to let transgender people use the bathroom in which they feel most comfortable
"stephen colbert got an exclusive interview on cbs  the late show when donald trump s  publicist  called in. the publicist has been in the news lately since it was revealed that trump pretended to be his own representative while dealing with the media in the 1980s and 1990s.the washington post reported that trump often called up reporters who were covering him and pretended to be  john miller  and  john barron.  trump then would use the fake identity to push stories about how he was purportedly dating models and celebrities like madonna.trump denied that he behaved this way in an interview with the today show
"the new york times has done an in-depth new report on how donald trump behaved in private with women. it is called  crossing the line: how donald trump behaved with women in private  and looks at his sexist
"84 pages of how the united states house of representatives really works is set to be released by a small minnesota publisher on may 24th. the tell-all
"a maricopa country judge has finally stood up to the vile
"tea party radio host and lieutenant governor of texas dan patrick has officially made the stupidest move yet in regards to  bathroom rules  in our schools. patrick declared that texas was prepared to forego literally billions of dollars in federal education funding rather than allow transgender children to use the bathroom. we will not be blackmailed by the president s 30 pieces of silver
"while donald trump is considering arizona s former governor (and anti-immigrant) jan brewer as a prospective vice presidential nominee
"patrick stewart despises donald trump so much that he had to make himself feel better by paying a guy to not vote for him.the actor most known as captain picard in star trek: the next generation and the x-men film franchise was in new orleans earlier this week and spotted a homeless man holding up a sign stating that in exchange for $1 he would not vote for trump.not only did stewart give him $1
"in an apparent attempt to prove to the world that he is the devil himself
"donald trump s tax return: we ve heard about little else over the last few days. voters are asking for them. mitt romney is asking for them. trump initially told us that he wouldn t provide his taxes because the irs is auditing them. well
 and it’s glorious"
"on thursday
 and it’s all thanks to donald trump"
"while the united states has as one of its presumptive party nominees a raging bigot who clearly hates muslim individuals
"donald trump is pretty terrible. he s exactly the sort of person who would suggest that muslims be banned from entering the united states. he s the type of guy who would force any muslims in the united states to register in a national database and wear special badges
"in a strong southern drawl that makes his bigotry all the more enraging
"george stephanopoulos allowed presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump to phone into good morning america on friday morning only to be grilled for not releasing his tax returns. do you believe voters have a right to see your tax returns before they make a final decision?  stephanopoulos asked. i don t think they do
 top bid of $65 million from ‘racist mcshootface’ derails gun auction"
"police in this country had a great run. let s face it   if you remember the 1970s
"congressional republicans are so pathetically desperate to harm hillary clinton that they are now turning to fox news in order to secure more  witnesses  to testify at yet another congressional investigation into the benghazi attacks.on the may 11th edition of special report
"late night host seth myers had a fun segment recently
"president obama has officially endorsed the idea to make a national holiday set aside just for voting
"a republican united states senate candidate in colorado was caught on video appearing to threaten a reporter with bodily harm. jon keyser was confronted by reporter marshall zelinger of denver 7 at a fundraiser and asked questions about suspicious signatures on petitions keyser had submitted in order to get on the ballot.after initially responding with talking points assuring that he would be on the ballot against democratic senator michael bennet
"when it comes to donald trump
"donald trump s son eric recently claimed that the hispanic population is basically fawning over his father and counting down the days until trump moves into the white house.earlier this week
 closes social media accounts"
"while many in the united states have come to the logical decision that donald trump is stark raving mad
"six years ago a little-known governor from arizona skyrocketed to fame in the republican party by attacking immigrants and now donald trump is hinting that she may be his vice presidential pick   it d be a match made in hell.former governor jan brewer signed sb 1070
"fox news host bill o reilly and fox business host lou dobbs made a pathetically lame attempt to defend donald trump s hesitance to release his tax returns. in doing so
"there has been a minor war brewing in congress since february that the media has not received as much attention as it needs to. many republicans are refusing to support president obama s plan to prevent millions of deaths from the zika virus
"the legendary newsman appeared on msnbc to slam the media for not holding donald trump accountable for what he says and does
"over the last few months
"if a man s character really is about the company he keeps
 unleashes on gop and it was f*cking awesome (video)"
"back in march
"the more a trump run for the white house as a major party candidate sinks in
 covers his a** for endorsement"
"in 2013
"go back to 1991. anita hill accuses supreme court nominee clarence thomas of sexual harassment just as his confirmation hearings are wrapping up. republicans
"***update***the listing has been removed
 force workers to wear diapers"
"in a facebook post on wednesday
"brian cornell
"it s hard to believe that so many people are so remarkably stupid and bigoted in north carolina
 but it works better on him (tweet)"
"when the newsroom was canceled almost at the height of its popularity
"being the wife of failed republican presidential candidate ted cruz is no easy task
"massachusetts senator elizabeth warren continued to throw haymakers at donald trump on wednesday.in response to her relentless slams against him on twitter
"stochastic terrorism is a term that means to use mass communications like facebook to incite a seemingly random person to do violence against someone or something. for instance
"there s an old saying: pot
"as the creeping realization that donald j. trump is
"when iconic musical artist prince died last month
"an arizona gun nut has been charged with  multiple crimes after he decided to shoot at two men who shoplifted some stuff from a chandler
"conservative columnist ann coulter took her vomit-inducing support of donald trump onto msnbc yesterday to argue that the presumptive republican nominee shouldn t even bother trying to convince prominent gopers like house speaker paul ryan to support him. she said it was a complete waste of the business mogul s time because he pretty much owns the gop and represents the  heart and soul  of the republican party now.as the discussion about trump s thursday meeting with ryan was being discussed
"as donald trump makes the downhill run to cleveland this july
"in 2005
"donald trump is a reality television star and we ve heard from numerous people
"while there have been what seems like dozens of republican debates
"stand your ground laws are reasons for legalized murder
"donald trump s presidential campaign has enlisted an avowed white nationalist racist in order to be a delegate at the republican party convention in cleveland
"one of the biggest talking points being used by the donald trump campaign against hillary clinton is that she voted for the iraq war. which
 accidentally proves we need better background checks (video)"
"donald trump has p*ssed off so many people
"the country woke up to confusion today as budweiser beer company abruptly announced that  america s no. 1 full-flavored lager  will be replacing its name with  america  on its cans and bottles until the election in november. why? who knows. but that s not all. the company will also pack in even more patriotism per can (ppc) by adding a potent mix of quotes from the pledge of allegiance and lyrics from  the star spangled banner  and  america the beautiful. if that seems like something conservatives would be all over
"cliven bundy and his unstable group of family and followers have been refreshingly quiet in recent months in the aftermath of their ill-conceived hijacking of an oregon wildlife refuge and subsequent arrests. it s hard to  occupy  anything behind bars except
 trump gets desperate and goes full benghazi on hillary (tweet)"
 responds to allegations they’re hiding conservative opinions"
"north carolina republicans should have listened when they were told there would be a backlash if they passed hb2. now they are learning the consequences of being bigots.as soon as the anti-lgbt bill was jammed through the state legislature and signed by governor pat mccrory
"a street preacher in glasgow
"we all know what an absolute shitstorm is happening with regards to lgbt rights in north carolina right now. everyone is focusing on the idiot gov. pat mccrory and his bullshit lawsuit against the department of justice over his anti-lgbt hate bill
"the republican party is busy with a pitted civil war between those who are willing to jump on trump s crazy train
"rachel maddow always brings us the most entertaining bits of political news
 and it’s starting soon (video)"
"comedian jon stewart has never been shy about his absolute disdain for donald trump
 trump! hillary says ‘a lot’ of republicans are practically begging to help her win (video)"
"appearing on face the nation this past sunday
"north carolina governor pat mccrory (r) announced he would be suing the obama administration for stopping his state s ability to discriminate against transgender people. attorney general loretta lynch just hit him back. hard.in a press conference scheduled just hours after mccrory decided he would order millions of dollars to be wasted fighting a hopeless battle to prevent trans people from using public bathrooms in north carolina
"after sarah palin appeared on cnn on sunday with jake tapper
"first he said wages were too high
"senator john mccain just got outed as a hypocrite with a damning video that shows him acting just like donald trump   even though he blames the presumptive gop nominee for hurting him among hispanic voters.last week
"the more we get to know donald trump
"a lot of time people ask the question: why can t we just print more money to get rid of our debt? the answer is simple. if you just print more money
"the north carolina  bathroom law  is heading to federal court because the state s governor is suing the government for the right to discriminate against the transgender community.on monday
"trump s been known to dodge difficult questions during interviews
"now that the side-show is essentially over and the republicans have committed their party and resources to a delusional lunatic
 so their racist fans trashed the obamas (screenshots)"
"right after ted cruz suspended his presidential campaign
"a muslim high school student in rancho cucamonga
"more and more traditional republicans are coming out against the inevitable presidential candidacy of the trainwreck that is donald trump. the latest is ben stowe
"mega music star adele took some time during a concert in denmark to offer some words about american music queen beyonce  and her album lemonade. adele had nothing but good things to say about beyonce 
 every urban prep graduate accepted to college (video)"
"the may 8 episode of saturday night live featured a spoof commercial for mattel s new  president barbie. the commercial and the product are both fictional creations from the snl team
"the media has been telling us for months now that the republican party is in a civil war. it is. the war
"in the world according to presumed republican presidential nominee donald trump
"apparently tired of people slamming doors in their faces
"activist groups across the u.s. have been raising the alarm about the disastrous impact of money in politics for a long time.while the majority of americans take issue with the massive amount of money that flows into the political system
"fox host chris wallace pinned bigoted north carolina governor pat mccrory to the wall on sunday.in response to the department of justice slamming his state for violating the civil rights of transgender people
"fox news recently aired a panel discussion over one of the right s new favorite videos online. conservatives are falling in love with a viral video that shows a woman harass a man at a grocery store for buying food with benefits from the supplemental nutrition assistance program (snap).the woman accosts the man and  angrily states that she is not a  bleeding heart f*cking liberal  before she says that he must be a  bernie supporter.  this woman embodies all that is wrong with the current generation of conservatism.the man defends himself
"fresh off of being compared to satan by john boehner and dropping out of the 2016 presidential race
"if there s one thing politicians should be terrified of
"just when we thought that sarah palin was out of our lives
"if donald trump has proven one thing it s that he is a master of control. he learns keywords that keep simple people focused on him like kittens to a shiny object. he s figured out that any question can be answered with
"u.s. secretary of state john kerry delivered a rousing and inspiring commencement speech to the graduating class of northeastern university on saturday
000 ma drug cases could be thrown out because of drug stealing lab scandal"
"on thursday
"it s no secret has built a national coalition of minority voters. in the democratic primary
 dubya and his daddy for being hypocrites and babies (video)"
"reality tv star and presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump  has convinced thousands of people that he s an expert on business
"this week
"former mexican president vicente fox already cemented his disdain for donald trump when he jumped on the business mogul for his border wall idea
"the list of establishment republicans who are refusing to support donald trump as the 2016 presidential nominee just keeps on growing. the latest is a former gop senator from new hampshire
"while there has never been a confirmed instance of transgender people as child predators
"bill maher is not shy about what he thinks of presumptive republican nominee donald trump. maher unleashed a 6 minute destruction of the billionaire demagogue
"despite recent assertions from certain democratic presidential candidates
"in case you have been living under a rock
"ann coulter is one of those blatantly offensive conservatives that most of us wish would just go away
"thanks to an absurd legal ruling
"alabama chief justice roy moore is finally facing the music for his refusal to follow the law. the notoriously bigoted justice has been suspended from alabama s supreme court for ethics violations. hallelujah!if you recall
"ivy league economist guido menzio has reportedly been removed from an american airlines flight and interrogated after being found in possession of algebra.menzio had been seated next to a female passenger on the plane who became suspicious that her dark-skinned fellow traveler was writing in a script with which she was unfamiliar. the female passenger then reported menzio immediately and secretly to cabin crew as a suspected terrorist. she left the plane
 calls for third party run"
"now that donald trump is the presumptive gop nominee
"yesterday
"an employee of safeside tactical in roanoke
"hillary clinton is on the path to be the democratic nominee for president of the united states. as the convention nears
 and it is epic (tweets)"
"it s been about seven years since minimum wage employees have gotten a raise
 says hillary clinton committed no criminal wrongdoing"
"what could dick cheney
"while speaking in front of united states servicemembers at a recent uso event with both president obama and vice president biden
"it s still hard to conceive that donald trump is the presumptive nominee of the republican party and
"moms of transgender children have just sent every fearmongering transphobic conservative a message that is going to make them furious. in response to the massive amount of hatred and bigotry that has been thrown at the trans community over the last few months
 and it’s hilarious (video)"
"never underestimate the impact a single person can have. just last weekend
"samantha bee
"if you re someone who looks at the prospect of four (or eight!) years of president trump with a mixture of depression and terror
"donald trump is now the presumptive republican nominee for president and many in the gop elite have a serious problem with this reality. they don t have a problem with trump because he s a racist
"imagine if donald trump rang president obama. how would that phone call go? jimmy fallon decided to act out his answer
"there s a furniture company in southern maine called  chapter 11 furniture.  the name and the entire concept of the company is to invoke the feeling of a fire sale. they have 4 or 5 stores that they only sign short leases on
"msnbc host rachel maddow found the perfect way to simultaneously report and mock the conservative movement s collective freak out that they saddled themselves with donald trump as a presidential nominee. she looks their actual words
"denise calderon
 and spies are terrified he’ll leak"
 gop: white supremacists so happy their guy won the nomination"
"democrats in the state of maine appear to be on board with a sentiment that s been floated around by a lot of progressive voters and media personalities in 2016. they are now going to be voting on whether or not to do away with having superdelegates be involved in their primary process starting in 2020.state rep. diane russell introduced the rule. russel gave comment to the bangor daily news
"new footage from a hidden camera reveals that this country greatly needs to embrace gun reform
"israel is in a class all by itself when it comes to perpetuating some of the worst human rights violations of any country on earth today. for decades
"in case people weren t already aware
"the gop implosion we have been waiting for has finally come full circle. now that john kasich and ted cruz have bowed out of the gop race for the 2016 presidential nomination
"trump and republican party are f*cked on election day
"trump s first week as the republican nominee is off to a hilariously bad start.perhaps reading the latest polls that found a staggering seventy-seven percent of hispanic americans have a negative opinion of trump (and that s putting it lightly)
"during a segment of closer look
"it s becoming increasingly clear that when tlc decided to promote a story of the fundamentalist christian duggar family
"not many people would have guessed that a racist
"the right-wing mom who forced her children to sing songs to the bundy terrorists after they seized a federal wildlife refuge in oregon experienced a revolt of her own when her children took away her guns and fled the house in search of help from law enforcement.the five kids escaped the home because they wanted the beatings they constantly endured to end.authorities arrested odalis sharp on friday for beating the children bloody with a rod in the name of god in what she called her way of leading them to christianity. we need to turn to god
"a lot of people have said that donald trump would start sounding more  presidential if he managed to secure the republican nomination. this meant that he would tone down his rhetoric
 cracks down on tax evasion"
 all hell breaks loose"
"donald trump is now the unofficially declared republican nominee. congratulations
"shupee max towing in traveler s rest
"by his own admission
"as john kasich became the last rival to pull out of his campaign
"it appears that someone has possibly hacked the gop s official twitter account. on wednesday evening
 pushes abortion ban"
"the rolling stones are now on a growing list of rock stars who have asked republicans to stop using their music. this time it was donald trump
 conservatives are begging the senate to approve obama’s scotus pick (video)"
"there has been a national uproar over hb2 ever since north carolina republicans passed it into law last month. the law allows business owners to discriminate against lgbt customers and employees under the guise of religious freedom
"how does the old saying go?  the enemy of my enemy is my friend.  which is exactly the strategy the clinton campaign is utilizing to move forward against donald trump.hillary clinton just released a new ad throughout all her social media channels to deliver the message that not only do she and her fellow democrats want to defeat trump and believe he is bad news
"according to ted cruz and many of his staunchest supporters
 and it’s spectacular (image)"
"on monday
"on tuesday night
 so he did this to piss them off (tweets)"
"after tuesday s semi-coronation of donald trump as the republican nominee
"now that ted cruz has dropped out of the presidential race and donald trump looks like he s going to be the republican nominee
"while the trump campaign and its candidate celebrate the surrender of his final real competitor for the republican nomination
"donald trump s campaign has prided itself on launching every kind of dirty trick and bigotry in the book
 and it’s beyond perfect"
"with donald trump s latest primary victory in indiana
"donald trump has cleared the republican presidential field of all the credible (and not so credible) challengers
"ted cruz has officially quit the 2016 republican presidential race
000 low-income children from access to life saving healthcare"
"amnesty international recently put out a brilliant public service announcement in turkey
"in case you haven t heard
 and the right can’t stop him"
"target stores are living up to their name by being the literal  target  of anti-lgbt
 beaten near her home (images)"
"being on food stamps is no fun. in fact
 calls her a terrorist (video)"
"imagine your child was playing outside
"a lot has changed in just eight years. the republican party is witnessing a collapse that may destroy it entirely. and nobody knows it on a more personal level than mark salter
"the battle between republican presidential hopefuls ted cruz and donald trump continues to intensify
 big oil: ‘job creation’ no longer an argument as solar outpaces oil"
"while republican presidential frontrunner donald trump can boast and claim he s going to win the presidency hands down
 donald trump
"while she has come out and defended her husband against the very serious allegations that he is
"there s often much debate about the use of the n-word in any of its forms. you hear in rap music
"the topic of climate change is somehow still being debated even though it s fact vs. fiction. climate change is very real
"a teenage girl in oklahoma is being charged as an adult for the murder of her mother s abusive boyfriend.makayla brown
"what would you do if you had a known video voyeur come up to you? well
"donald trump can barely go a day without saying or doing something truly offensive to women. further pushing away women voters (as he has been successfully doing during his entire campaign)
"poverty is a problem in america. while most of us are not filthy rich or anything
"by now
"donald trump hasn t even secured the nomination of his party yet and already his anti-hillary clinton misogyny is on full blast.while all but ignoring his own republican opponents
 promptly shoots himself (video)"
"it s a pretty well-known fact among those who use their brains to make rational decisions that both donald trump and ted cruz are equally repugnant
 banks continue to punish wealthy black communities"
 the internet perfectly responds (tweets)"
"when ted cruz announced carly fiorina as his running mate last week
"across the country
"on sunday
"carly fiorina has decided to add her face to the sideshow known as the ted cruz campaign. cruz
"an analysis by the washington post has discovered that in the first four months of 2016
 suggests he needs to be spanked (video)"
 and trump is facing election disaster"
"one night in 2013
"republicans haven t had a great time attracting women voters in recent history
"with the democratic nomination wrapping up in hillary clinton s favor
 so they called her a ‘n*****’ (screenshots)"
"only april 28
 and it’s perfect (tweet)"
"republican presidential hopeful and texas senator ted cruz has earned the nickname  lyin  ted  for a reason
"those of us on the left have long said that the republican base took a jump off the cliff into crazy land never to return a long time ago. well
"people have called former president george w. bush lots of things. war criminal. worst president ever. terrorist. dipshit. f*ckface. but it is doubtful that any african-american man
"bernie sanders
"larry wilmore used the n-word on saturday night to cap off his bit at the white house correspondents  dinner to congratulate president obama
 effectively silencing victims"
"during her time in the white house
"the koch brothers have just received a huge legislative gift from house republicans. on thursday
"chuck todd took ted cruz to the woodshed on sunday after the texas senator claimed that there s a media conspiracy against him.cruz is currently in second place far behind republican front-runner donald trump
 huffington post reporters brawl outside whcd (images)"
"in his final 2016 white house correspondence dinner
"former secretary of defense robert gates is not a fan of donald trump
"there are quite the number of mixed reviews coming in this morning of larry wilmore s monologue at the white house correspondents  dinner. wilmore
"how many times more are we going to get to say this before 2017?  while republicans were bashing obama for <insert situation here>
 judge says (video)"
"for his final white house correspondent s dinner
"every year the nation s press corps meets in washington d.c. at the correspondents  dinner. a dinner which is always entertaining
"if you re a woman you re going to want to deck this asshole for what he just said.during an interview with the christian post this week
"while bernie sanders is nowhere near ready to concede defeat in the democratic primary race
 and they want to give it to wall street (video)"
"according to republicans
"barack obama s life has undoubtedly been an interesting one and as the president winds down his second term in office and leaves the public eye
"gop presidential candidate john kasich would like us to believe that he is the non-bigoted alternative to the likes of extremists like donald trump and ted cruz. however
"there are many important issues in the world: racism
 do your f*cking jobs already (video)"
"since the beginning of donald trump s campaign for president
"ted cruz got his wish. after weeks of fear mongering about transgender people and encouraging conservatives to lash out
"gop presidential frontrunner donald trump wants everyone to believe that he is this hyper-masculine ladies man that every guy on the planet should strive to emulate. however
"you might remember a few months ago
 had bombs"
 fox shows how cruz is too stupid to run for president (video)"
 they get death threats from white supremacists like this (tweets)"
"where congress isn t acting on gun reform
"all the months of speculation that the modern day kkk does indeed endorse donald trump can be confirmed as the terrorist organization s rebel brigade knights grand imperial wizard endorses the gop frontrunner on live national television.when asked by reporter chris thomas who would be the best one for the job of president of the united states
"if trump thought he could attack hillary clinton for being a woman without being smacked down by elizabeth warren for it
 faces 40 years in prison"
"as the gop s fight to control which bathrooms transgender people can and can t use continues
"one of the most tragic aspects of donald trump s candidacy (and there have been lots of  tragic aspects) is that he s managed to do something no one thought to be possible for a candidate running for president in 21st century america: he s managed to not only normalize racism
"after the west wing wrapped up its final season in 2006
"say what you want about the gop but they really don t like half-measures. in the span of just 4 years
"iconic liberal news anchor lawrence o donnell is clearly not happy   and he has every right to be.yet again
"a little-noticed detail in the 1993 biography lost tycoon: the many lives of donald j. trump has just resurfaced and come back to haunt him   big time.no one gave it much thought when trump s then-wife
"in case you haven t heard yet
"far too many people don t understand the awesome simplicity of the republican war on women. they try to analyze the underlying causes; blame some on religion
 gets an ovation (video)"
 and it’s glorious (video)"
"whenever republicans dredge up a certain specious  quote  from former president lyndon johnson about  n*ggers
"donald trump accused hillary clinton of playing  the woman card
"ever since former house speaker john boehner aired out his true feelings about republican presidential candidate ted cruz
"conservatives in an alabama town have decided to give in to right-wing hysteria about transgender people using public bathrooms
"it s now official. carly fiorina needs help. i m talking real
"it s now no surprise that donald trump
 here’s what they had to say"
"bernie sanders has taken america and the world by storm. the once relatively unknown senator from vermont enjoys enormous grassroots support from people of all walks of life and backgrounds. he has struck a chord with millions
 forgets boehner once hired him to sue a democrat"
"we hear a lot of talk about making america great again coming from donald trump and his massively stupid acolytes   but what about our lawns? can they be great again? that s what one brave landscaper in florida apparently decided to find out when he saw a trump sign in someone s yard. unfortunately
"yesterday
"on wednesday
 and here’s why (video)"
"former republican speaker john boehner has launched a blistering attack on gop presidential hopeful ted cruz
"former secretary of state madeleine albright has never been the type of person to hold back when she sees stupidity
"the hopes and dreams of millions of bigots finally came true when three cops on a power trip confronted a lesbian in a public restroom and shoved her outside. why? because they  thought  she was a guy.in a video titled  lesbian harassed and forced to leave a public restroom because the police insist she s a man
"the definition of rape came under fire in oklahoma wednesday when a the state s high court ruled that a girl who had accused a boy of sexually assaulting her was too drunk to be a reliable witness and dismissed the charges against the boy she says raped her while she was either too intoxicated or unconscious. she was 14 at the time of the assault and he was 17.the boy claims that the girl
"it s a shame barbara boxer is leaving the senate. a fierce defender of working families and minority communities
"as you probably know by now
"the republican senator who gained infamy last year by attempting to sabotage a historic nuclear deal with iran is back at it again   this time by trying to derail a crucial appropriations bill so america is forced to violate the agreement.arkansas sen. tom cotton got the moniker  tehran tom  after he and many of his republican colleagues in the senate sent a brazenly out of line letter directly to the iranian capitol in an effort to convince the country to stop negotiating with president obama. the plan not only backfired (the iranians delighted in mocking the republicans)
"baltimore police officers shot a 13-year-old boy who was carrying a toy bb-gun. the shooting occurred just as the city hit the one-year anniversary of demonstrations after the killing of freddie gray and concerns about police brutality and training swept the country.a 13-year-old boy was shot by a police officer in baltimore on wednesday
"comedian and actor will ferrell has been cast as former president ronald reagan in an upcoming movie. the former saturday night live cast member is known to be a liberal
"former speaker of the house dennis hastert got handed the sentence of 15 months in prison for monetary payoffs he made to keep his sexual abuse of young boys silent. the judge in the case called him a  serial child molester
000 a year for prayers in congress"
"just when you thought things couldn t get weirder
 demands more while america’s children go hungry"
"after suffering debilitating losses in five northeastern states   maryland
"north carolina republicans just got slam-dunked by the greatest nba player of all time.their bigotry has cost the state many economic opportunities since hb2 was signed into law. corporations are cancelling projects. entertainers are cancelling performances. the federal government is looking into stopping the flow of federal cash into the state. the nba has threatened to pull the all-star game out of the state. yet republicans are refusing to repeal the law that literally allows business owners to discriminate against lgbt people.it s all because republicans are obsessed with transgender people using the bathroom.according to conservatives
"up until recently
"on monday
"one of the greatest institutions in america right now is the satanic temple. their mission is simple: mock
"senator john mccain got some bad news on tuesday when the women listed as the rsvp on his re-election fundraisers was arrested on drug charges.according to az central
"on tuesday
"late show host stephen colbert hilariously took aim at bathroom obsessed republicans on tuesday night and hit the bulls-eye.colbert began by talking about how anti-lgbt conservatives have organized a boycott of target because the company unveiled a policy in which transgender people can use the bathroom corresponding to their gender identity. and then he told the audience where he stands on the issue. here s the thing. i don t care if you re male or female
"a battle creek
"footage of a georgia restaurant worker taking time out to support a disabled customer with no hands is moving millions around the world.the restaurant worker
"after a clean sweep of victories for donald trump on tuesday night
"donald trump cruised to huge victories in all five of the republican primaries held on tuesday night
"as exit polls roll in for the latest batch of states to vote in this election cycle s hotly contested primaries
"conservative voters should definitely do this.a fox news host finally came up with a good idea that would truly make america great again.during fox and friends on tuesday
"donald trump wants bernie sanders to be the donald trump of the democratic race   and that just isn t happening.in a move that suggests donald trump is getting more and more worried about his general election chances beyond the primaries
"republicans in the state of north carolina really need to get a better hobby
 what they say is sickening (video)"
"the republican-controlled southern states have done very little in recent years to scale back the impact of america s history of racism
"democracy now! host and award-winning journalist amy goodman shredded the corporate media for the role they have played in what goodman refers to as the creation of  trump-land. goodman s evisceration of the media s vapid election coverage came in the form of a three-minute video spot for aljazeera s millennial-focused media project
"on monday
"if you ve been on the email list for president obama
"women make up over 50 percent of this country
 ignoring that the singer hates him"
"ted cruz is trying to differentiate himself from republican front runner donald trump by any means possible. recently
"sure
"on monday evening
"a police officer in atlanta has been caught on camera breaking the leg of a man during an altercation over a single tomato at a walmart store.according to reports and the video evidence
"glenn beck has shared his opinion on the bigoted bathroom bill in north carolina which forces transgender people to use toilets contrary to their gender identity. beck s bullsh*t defense of the plans is just about the stupidest thing you ll hear all day   and we re in an election cycle.beck argues that his support of the bathroom bills popping up across the nation s red states is absolutely nothing to do with bigotry and transphobia. according to beck: it has nothing to do with hate. it has everything to do with common sense. but we have detached from common sense. he then
"in a growing trend to keep backwards-thinking idiots voting on the issues that really matter
 causes total shutdown"
"republicans were just given a leg up over democrats in this fall s presidential election in the battleground state of north carolina
 would overwhelmingly back clinton"
"ever since his devastating
 obama approves disaster aid"
"when choosing a candidate for president it s probably a smart idea to choose someone who will best have your back on any number of issues. what s not smart is supporting a candidate who calls you names
"there s currently a woman who wants to be selected to serve on the texas state board of education (sboe). her name is mary lou bruner
"years of lugging guns around in public places   such as supermarkets   have resulted in zero terrorist plots thwarted. as such
"it s probably not very controversial to say that donald trump has an image problem. sure
"beyonc  is already a favorite target of hate for the right-wing because she s: a. black b. a woman c. rich d. powerful e. not ashamed of being black and f. did i mention she s black? but the so-racist-it-might-as-well-be-stormfront drudge report took beyonc  hating to a new low because of the  hold up  music video released over the weekend.off of the album  lemonade
 it’s a religion!’ federal court: lol"
"the mayor of london s recent remarks about barack obama are causing him more problems than he likely expected. during a rant about the president s suggestion that the u.k. not leave the european union
".during the days of the old west shooting an an unarmed man violated a code that cowboys lived by and brought shame as well as arrest and prosecution for murder.but in the conservative version of the old west we are being forced to live in today
 refuses service (video)"
"the republican party is filled with even more drama over their primary today as cruz and kasich have apparently teamed up to destroy frontrunner donald trump   and the billionaire is having a meltdown.on sunday
"according to the nra
"charles koch sat down with abc news and did an interview
"authorities have released the identities of nine men who were arrested on april 23 during a clash between about a dozen white supremacist demonstrators
 this time with a man"
"just imagine yourself at the bar with friends. you re drinking
"donald trump wanted to give his supporters a strong reason to support him
"we have some bad news for charles koch: hillary clinton just isn t that into you. recently
"during an april 24 fox news segment
"the sweep of crazy anti-transgender bathroom laws has brought out the bigots in droves. one such bigot is texas police officer tracy murphree
"students of robert e. lee elementary school in austin
"maine has a very bad governor (thanks tea party movement!) who just keeps getting worse.republican governor paul lepage decided to take a cue from donald trump and spend the weekend mocking indian people. apparently drawing upon his own experiences   and warped by lepage s truly stunning level of racism
"it s a wonder why donald trump has been divorced so many times. he s clearly such a good catch (note sarcasm).trump s going to tell us time and time again how wonderful he is
"on saturday
"part of the hippocratic oath that every doctor must take requires them to vow to  reject harm and mischief.  put another way: a doctor should never allow harmful or unscientific nonsense to get in the way of treating their patients with the best possible medical procedures. put an even simpler way: republicans should stay out of the hospital room.in south dakota
"thanks to the quest for natural gas power through fracking
"on april 23 vice president joe biden cast his vote in the democratic presidential primary
"a fox host actually debunked a conservative talking point by doing what a real journalist does best: research.an anti-lgbt conservative columnist appeared on fox news sunday to defend anti-lgbt laws that ban transgender people from using the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity.ben domenech argued that such laws are necessary to protect women and children from predators whom right-wingers claim will use transgender protections to get into women s restrooms to sexually harass and assault victims. that s actually what people are concerned about
"bigoted north carolina governor pat mccrory is going to be nothing more than a footnote in history who everyone forgets about as far as henry rollins is concerned.in a column for la weekly
"republican clerk diane haslett-rudiano is living proof that voter fraud exists
"if i were to tell you that republicans simply hate regular american citizens
"whenever amy schumer has aimed to make a feminist statement
"while donald trump may be winning among those taking part in the republican primaries
"if one were to best describe donald trump
"as the democratic primary heats up heading into yet another  super tuesday   where pennsylvania
"a miami doctor has been fired after a video of her assaulting and screaming profanities at an uber driver went viral.jackson health system announced on friday that they are terminating anjali ramkissoon
"these days
"bill maher loves ripping donald trump apart
 get out"
"republican delusion never ceases to reach new ridiculous heights of absolute stupidity.in their race to make oklahoma the most anti-abortion state in the nation
 and it’s hilarious"
"bill maher had every one of his panelists in stitches as he read these.during real time on friday night
"republicans in oklahoma just took their war on women and placed it on the doorsteps on doctors in the state.late thursday evening
"conservative website the federalist often bills itself as the respectable
"this week jimmy john s sandwiches offered $1 subs as a promotion for  customer appreciation day
"the republican party is tearing at the seams due to donald trump s frontrunner status for the party s presidential nomination. thousands of republicans will either refuse to vote for him or vote for democrats to keep donald trump from taking over their party and ultimately the oval office. but mr. trump s campaign
"former speaker of the house dennis hastert
"eight members of a family
"phyllis schlafly
 adds racism (image)"
"in yet another unforced error committed by the republican party that hurts america s reputation
"republican presidential front-runner donald trump has claimed that he loves veterans and he loves the military. to be sure
"in the book
"with the passing of the legendary music icon prince
"alzheimer s disease is a devastating type of dementia
"a highly exclusive
"planned parenthood workers are sick and tired of being harassed by conservative pricks
"republican congressional candidates have been the source of some of the most outrageous campaign ads over the last few years. a new ad from kentucky 1st district candidate mike pape is one of the most racist examples of this that has come across in a long time.in the ad
"media matters reports that on friday morning
"according to fox news viewers
"have you ever really taken a close look at donald trump? you can tell by looking at him that he s a fraud. he never looks genuine; his speech doesn t flow. he uses a fourth-grade mentality and he panders to idiots. there s nothing about the man that points to him actually being this staunch conservative republican
"the world is mourning the loss of a legend
"donald trump has figured out that the more offensive
"the world is reeling from the shocking news of the death of musical icon prince on thursday. there has been an outpouring of grief
"who can forget how emotional wayne lapierre was after sandy hook. as he stood at the podium with the nra logo and raised his voice in disgust and demanded we put more guns outside first-grade classrooms. an armed security guard for every hallway! never mind that schools in many states have resource officers from their local police or sheriff s department on hand
"let s face it
"the plans for the republican convention have suffered an embarrassing snag
"republicans found their new election year wedge issue. since they lost on obamacare
"while appearing on good morning america s  coffee with the candidates  town hall
"comedian patton oswalt has a knack for calling conservatives out on their bullsh*t and coming up with the most perfect responses to their nonsense.in the past
"a bloomberg analysis of amazon s same-day delivery service locations shows that black neighborhoods are routinely excluded from access to the service.although all customers pay the same $99 fee for the amazon prime membership
"faced with the prospect of campaigning with donald trump at the top of the republican presidential ticket
 you can’t get divorced"
"donald trump delivered a major  f*ck you  to his fellow conservatives when he spoke out against north carolina s controversial and transphobic  bathroom bill  and said he would be perfectly fine with transgender people using whatever bathroom they wanted to.trump made these surprising comments during thursday s nbc today town hall as host willie geist asked the republican frontrunner questions from twitter users. geist asked trump
"in a display of olympic-level mental gymnastics
"music legend and american icon prince has died at his compound in chanhassen
"the announcement that harriet tubman would replace andrew jackson on the $20 bill came as little surprise to most
"there s stupid
"this why the founding fathers wanted separation of church and state.ever since conservative  christians  pushed congress and president truman to pass a law establishing a national day of prayer in 1952
"like clockwork
 the mob and drug dealers"
 and now britain is warning its citizens to avoid america"
"ted cruz paid dearly for insulting  new york values  on tuesday night
"senator elizabeth warren is pissed and she is letting the securities and exchange commission (s.e.c.) know it in no uncertain terms.her anger stems from s.e.c. regulators  (i use that term loosely) decision to allow billionaire steve cohen to form a new hedge fund firm even though he is not supposed to have anything to do with the industry for two years. the wall street mogul was punished after he failed to properly supervise one of his employees who is now in federal prison for insider trading. cohen s firm pleaded guilty to securities fraud and paid a $1.8 billion fine.cohen managed to escape criminal charges (shocking!) by agreeing to return all of the firm s outside money
"stephen colbert hit the nail right on the head and surely touched on some conservative nerves when he did a little ditty on the us treasury s announcement they d be putting harriet tubman on the $20 bill. colbert starts by pointing out that to do that you first have to remove  indian stabber ummm native american stabber  andrew jackson.jackson
"espn just made an amazing stand against bigotry on the airwaves
"for those itching for a taste of life in america under president donald trump   a new mobile game provides just that and it s creepy as hell.the new game  available on apple app store and google play  is called  great wall of america   the donald trump edition.  as you might expect
 thousands attend (video/tweets)"
"the tried and true donald trump supporter doesn t care what the fuhrer does as long as he keeps saying catch phrase like  we re gonna make america great again  and  we re gonna build a wall.  as long as they can feel superior to mexicans
"al franken returned to his comedic roots last friday and his target was none other than republican presidential wannabe ted cruz.the minnesota democratic senator made an appearance at minnroast
"republican presidential candidate ted cruz must really be getting nervous about his chances of snatching the gop nomination from front runner donald trump   because he s warning conservative voters that if they don t switch over to team cruz
"for more than seven years now the right-wing loons have been calling for president obama and his failed economic policies to give up and go back to kenya
"screw walmart (which is america s largest gun retailer)
"right-ing paranoid whackjob pat boone has declared snl is now venerating satan
"not to let us be disappointed in hearing something ludicrous come out of his mouth in so long
"almost incessantly
"fox news loves wisconsin s sheriff david clarke. that man is the biggest uncle tom ever
"big news out of the treasury department: after much debate
"fox host sean hannity lost his cool during a radio interview with ted cruz yesterday
"after dropping out of the republican presidential race
"it s hard to imagine donald trump showing anything approaching respect to his kids. from openly fantasizing about his infant daughter s future breasts
"this photo shows the gravesite of susan b. anthony
 somebody is getting arrested for lead poisoning in flint’s water"
 and it’s all thanks to trump"
"maury is perhaps one of the trashiest shows on television today. it s right in line with the likes of the gutter trash that is jerry springer
"new york loves hillary clinton
"donald trump has been called out by yet another foreign leader for his ridiculous plan to build the great wall of  murica. during a facebook live interview by the new york times en espa ol
"it looks as though ted cruz is really proud of himself for everything he believes he is doing for the nation as he is running for president. on monday
 shreds new york’s closed primary (video)"
"a tweet by actress salma hayek clearly demonstrates how ridiculous the republican party is for supporting donald trump.during a rally in buffalo on monday
"it s amazing how quickly  free market values  go out the window when republicans don t get their way.in tennessee
"the co-founders of ben & jerry s ice cream
"students at austin peay state university were both horrified and deeply puzzled by what appears to have been an art project gone horribly wrong. someone
"when it comes to donald trump one thing is clear: he loves himself   a lot. he admires himself to the point where he may actually believe everything he touches turns to gold. he tells crowds of people
 rachel maddow gives him bad news (video)"
 and they are absolutely revolting (video)"
"a racist
"republican strategist cheri jacobus
"twitter users have been annihilating donald trump after the presidential candidate made a massive gaffe when speaking about 9/11 during a new york rally. the gop frontrunner failed to remember the date
"buffalo bills coach rex ryan has one job
 and it’s kinda hilarious (video)"
"ted cruz just keeps proving that he does not legitimately want to be president at every chance he gets. the latest dumbassery from his campaign came when his  national security advisor  frank gaffney
"sprinting towards a likely win in new york s republican primary
"there are some people in life that
"fox news is now part of the  lamestream  media as far as sarah palin is concerned
 trump’s kids actually can vote for him in ny primary (if they weren’t lazy)"
"fox news  raging pile of upper one percent garbage
 politifact confirms majority of money clooney raised isn’t going to hillary clinton"
"mcdonald s in recent years has become an icon of gluttony and corporate greed
 but nobody shows up (images/video)"
 accuse him of faking it"
"the race is heating up as new york heads into their primary this coming tuesday. currently
"a group of saint louis university baseball players won t be punished after an insanely racist conversation they had amongst themselves became public. while it might seem that a group of students in a position to represent the school might face some form of discipline if they were to
"when i was a kid
"there s an age-old question that has been haunting the american people for several decades now   is donald trump s hair real? and if it is real
 it didn’t go well (video)"
 republicans: two scholars figured out how to defeat your gerrymandering"
"there was once a time that john kasich seemed like the only sane
"new york is critical for both donald trump and bernie sanders but only one of them seems poised for a big win. the other is predicted to suffer a serious setback in one of the few remaining states with a large delegate count.as of sunday
"the new york times has done a major new study on the effects of the affordable care act   aka obamacare   on the lives of americans. the times analyzed what happened in the first full year of the implementation of obamacare between 2013 and 2014
"the artist who painted a nude portrait of donald trump might be landing in a bit of hot water
"sen. ted cruz
"pew research center
"what would you do if a gay couple requested that you bake a cake for them? probably bake it because you re not a bigot
"if you want to watch an anti-gay conservative  christian  squirm as he is torn to pieces by a tv host
"bill o reilly has said some ridiculous things on his show over the years and his so-called conservatism has translated into outright bigotry and nonsense in many cases. that tradition continued with yet another nonsensical statement
"republicans aren t very smart about a lot of things
"when running for president of the united states it s important to remember that you can t get anything you want to get done accomplished alone. having great ideas means nothing if you don t have a congress to back you up. that s why it s so incredibly important to make sure that we not only get a democrat in the white house
"georgia conservatives really wanted to enshrine their hate and bigotry into law under the guise of religious liberty
"on april 16th
"corey lewandowski got some good news last week when the state s attorney for palm beach
"according to the nra
"north carolina s republican governor allowed his own sexual hangups to influence his state and it has cost tens of millions of dollars (and counting) in lost business
 shoots teen girl (video)"
"we pay our senators $174
"hillary clinton isn t letting the latest childish nickname from republican presidential front runner donald trump get under her skin. appearing on abc s this week
"sarah palin knows she s a political outcast. she s proud of it. she thinks because nobody cares what she thinks besides a handful of dense trump supporters who are at his rallies to listen rather than wait for the chance to beat someone up that she qualifies as some kind of revolutionary.she actually qualifies as a has-been as well as a never-should-have-been
"republicans at the university of north carolina have gone completely off the rails and are now literally threatening transgender women who use the women s restrooms on campus with the penalty of death.sadly
"if you watched the most recent democratic debate between candidates hillary clinton and bernie sanders
"an unfortunate part of modern-day politics is the fact that money is far too involved in our elections. yet
"reigning nba champion and most valuable player stephen curry hung out with president obama and learned a few lessons from the nba enthusiast
"as the new york primary draws closer and closer
"failed republican vice-presidential candidate and reality tv star sarah palin is threatening to lead an open revolt at the republican convention this fall if her candidate
"there is a popular belief among republicans that the mainstream media is in cahoots with liberals. the theory
"trump s supporters have proven time and time again that the reason they re able to stand behind the donald with a completely clear conscience is because they re exactly like him. the pro-trump crowd is just as islamophobic
"it doesn t matter how loudly fox news protests
"republicans claim that racism doesn t exist anymore. but if that is true
"there are times i want to just get up from my computer
"a 26-year-old university of california
"it s quite hard to laugh at what donald trump plans to do if he becomes president
"to say that donald trump is a divisive figure is quite the understatement. his racism
 why are we paying for a ‘homophobic magic act’? (video)"
"in case you weren t paying attention: just as george w. bush s disaster of an administration was coming to an end the effects of his policies combined with a horrible deal pushed on bill clinton by a republican congress to balance the budget caused the greatest economic collapse since the great depression. from the first signs of the housing bubble bursting in 2007 to the market crash of october 2008
"on april 11th
"president obama made history yet again by making the rate for americans without health insurance reach another historic low. however
"some people just don t understand  freedom of religion  whatsoever. the first amendment separates church from state for two reasons: to protect the church and the state. religious freedom is the ability to worship how you choose on your own time. however
"ben carson
"earlier this week
"republican presidential candidate and current ohio governor john kasich made strange remarks about sexual assault during a town hall event in new york. kasich echoed many conservatives and laid the blame on women for these crimes. about the risk of campus sexual assault during a friday campaign event
"when you want to learn more about what a person is really like
"like rolling stone before them
"israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has always advocated for the ethnic cleansing of palestinians
"thursday night saw the three remaining candidates for the gop 2016 presidential nomination trying to woo high rolling donors at a swanky $1
"donald trump obviously has a knack for purchasing beautiful women. his first wife
"because he was such a greedy prick that decided that profiting was more important than smart conservation and management of resources
"bill o reilly refused to believe the findings of a poll conducted by his own news organization on thursday night
"florida continues to lead the nation in head shaking insanity after 81-year-old luis angel dominguez
"donald trump is running a campaign that does nothing but tap into the hateful underbelly of american populism. however
"with all the candidates from both parties in new york preparing for the primary next tuesday
"recently
"at the democratic presidential debate on thursday night
"donald trump has had a hell of a week having to accept that his closest friends and loved ones are abandoning him in his mission to single-handedly destroy america.earlier this week
"trump made a visit to the keystone state in an effort to bolster his numbers for the upcoming pennsylvania republican primary election. while there
"while the new york primary election has unleashed harsh sentiments from both the sanders and clinton campaigns
"after learning that bill nye had been very publicly demolishing her new climate change denial movie
"there is a saying    in politics
"on wednesday
 trump settles on the one with facial mutilation"
 you may recognize him (video)"
 stuns everyone with sheer stupidity"
"it s been five years since occupy wall street was torn apart by order of new york mayor bloomberg. after the arrest of 240 members and their official eviction from zuccotti park
"it looks as though there are still men who think forcing themselves on women should be perfectly acceptable. there are clearly also still men who feel the need to defend men who force themselves on other women
"on thursday
"it should be the easiest question in america to answer
"north carolina republicans who are fans of the beatles will be disappointed to learn that ringo starr won t be performing in their state next month.due to north carolina s discriminatory anti-lgbt law which makes bigotry legal across the state
"ted cruz got a brutal lesson in why he should keep his children out of politics on wednesday night
"when we think of rape
"a florida man recently had a tattoo of donald trump inked onto his leg
"the internet went giddy with anticipation earlier this week when a story came out of variety magazine claiming that bill nye had been invited to debate sarah palin on the subject of climate change after the debut of the climate-denier propaganda film climate hustle in early may. before variety could update their article after being contacted by a nye spokesperson with the truth
"once again
"normally
 here’s what happened"
 this court case is exposing them"
 trump refuses invitation to correspondents’ dinner (video)"
"political contributor and conservative editor erick erickson
"on tuesday
 holds secret meeting rumored to be interview request"
 signs executive action barring lgbt discrimination"
"republican front-runner donald trump decided a visit to new york would be a good time to try out his comedy routine by delivering a stunningly tasteless joke at the expense of a man who had been recently killed nearby by new york police.in a performance that recalled the time he mocked a physically disabled reporter
"who is paul manafort? well
"after months of criticism from the clinton campaign over down-ticket candidates
"now
"don t mess with nasa because they will burn you.when a climate change denier made a comment on a post made by bill nye the science guy
"it wouldn t be the first time cnn anchor anderson cooper has smacked down trump
 but his college roommate knows that’s hypocritical (tweet)"
"the brady campaign to prevent gun violence released new videos depicting the danger of guns in children s hands in response to the national rifle association s (nra) and the corporate gun industry s disgusting marketing of guns to children. the videos depict alice in wonderland and peter pan as victims of gun violence.watch videos here:peter pan[youtube ] alice in wonderland[youtube ]a report by the violence policy center (vpc) start them young    how the firearms industry and gun lobby are targeting your children
"south carolina republicans just introduced an anti-lgbt bill similar to laws passed in north carolina and mississippi
"the conversation regarding super delegates has been very divisive in the democratic party. hillary clinton supporters cite her overwhelming super delegate support as evidence hillary clinton is the best candidate
"congresswoman debbie wasserman schultz s career is in jeopardy as a wave of resentful backlash in the democratic party over corrupt politics has affiliated her with everything that is wrong with establishment politics. her poor leadership and lack of impartiality as chair of the democratic national committee has disenfranchised millions of democrats around the country
 ready to take on donald trump"
"despite the damage that the presidency of george w. bush and his war mongering administration did to the reputation of the united states
"a bernie sanders supporter s car was vandalized by andy hallinan. the man put two stickers over top of the woman s bernie sanders stickers. the stickers say  warning: this car is an mfv.  the letters  mfv  are short for  muslim free zone.  the owner of the car saw photos of her vandalized car online. hallinan posted two photos of himself before and after he put the stickers on the car
"leading republican presidential candidate donald trump has been bashing party leaders for several days after rival ted cruz has successfully maneuvered himself into securing several delegates. as trump sees it
 tells him to ‘man up’ and stop his ‘whiny bitchiness’ (video)"
"wisconsin governor scott walker has blown so much money on his vanity presidential campaign that he put himself $1.2 million dollars in debt. an odd accomplishment for a  fiscally conservative  republican who says that our government s debt is the most evil thing ever.walker is trying to sell off the surplus garbage campaign merchandise that nobody wanted to buy the first time around
"if there s anyone right now worthy of complete and utter condemnation
"after north carolina passed their new bigoted anti-lgbt law and governor pat mccrory signed it into law
"in the last several months
"on monday
"mississippi republicans should worry about the billions of federal dollars they are about to lose but they should also worry about the christian bakers they have pissed off.just a few days ago
"the 2016 crop of gop clown car candidates is simply awful. we have donald trump
 and that’s not all (video)"
"the commercial airplane corporation
"if there is one thing conservatives hate more than president obama
"supporting donald trump was a senile move too far.back in the 1970s
"donald trump has shown his true colors time and time again while running for the republican nomination for the presidency. thus far we ve discovered that he advocates for violence at his rallies
"an official investigation into a tennessee republican found him to be more dangerous to the personal safety of women than the lgbt people he wants to ban from using public restrooms.tennessee state rep. jeremy durham has sponsored a bill similar to anti-lgbt laws passed in north carolina and mississippi
"the republican war on poor people has been killing americans and now we have the proof. a study published this week in the journal of the american medical association shows clearly that poverty compounded by republican refusal to spend money on the poor is unnecessarily shortening the lives of millions of people. we know that it s unnecessary because in the parts of the country where the poor are not treated like animals
"the national rifle association (nra) is opposed to any and all sensible legislation when it comes to purchasing firearms. they want there to be no background checks
"on monday morning
 and it’s not president (video)"
"what started as a prank to annoy trump supporters has turned into a viral vide which may just help americans  come back together again   and that really would be great.a group of muslim men walk into a trump rally it sounds like the set up either to a joke
".new york city s inner circle dinner is typically an event where politicians and journalists rub elbows to raise money for charity by participating in parody skits for the enjoyment of donors. people who go expect to see some famous faces
 anti-abortion movement"
"fox news channel s top-rated host
"every website has a 404 page that you land on if you type in the wrong address. they re usually generic with a big  404  to let you know the error of your typing
000 bet he knows he’ll lose (video)"
"north carolina is facing even more backlash for their anti-lgbt law monday after a popular adult film site has decided to block the entire state in protest.xhamster.com went offline in the state at 12:30 p.m. est today
"vice president joe biden has been careful to give hillary clinton and bernie sanders their fair share of lauding and criticism. like president obama
"today
 a gun was just made to look like this toy (images)"
"christian fundamentalists just can t keep their mouths shut
 very guilty’"
 claims texas ag accused of fraud"
 the first feminist muppet from afghanistan"
"republican frontrunner donald trump does not lose gracefully. in the past
 but then did something extraordinary (image)"
"everything he does is definitely not for hateful republicans
"ohio governor john kasich has had a pretty difficult time getting his message out during the republican race for the white house. many of us assumed it was because he is being overshadowed by trump and cruz
 build that wall!’ and then the black and latina players did this"
"john oliver has taken aim at the section of the financial services industry which has seen the most complaints registered with the consumer financial protection bureau   and it s beautiful.credit reporting agencies like experian
"filmmaker ken burns appeared on the late show this week
"usually
"given the fact that donald trump has often bragged that he intentionally used his numerous bankruptcies as a way to exploit the government (and taxpayers) into paying his debts
"as the republican party establishment continues to ratchet up its support of ted cruz and his campaign in order to stop donald trump from capturing the party s presidential nomination
"abdelhamid abaaoud
"arizona speaker of the house david gowan (r) enacted a new policy to punish members of the press for the fact one of them published a story that exposed him for repeatedly violating state law.the new rule states that any member of the press who wants to cover the legislature from the house floor has to undergo draconian background checks
"until his arrest on april 5
"children are proof that hate is taught and learned. we are not born with prejudice. it is our upbringings that make us hate those unlike ourselves. case in point   a 7-year-old boy and his little sister
 pro-trump graffiti at ucsd campus (video)"
"the folks at fox news are getting crazier on a minute by minute basis and although it s quite sad that this organization calls itself a news outlet
"the republican party has been a thorn in the side of the president since he took office. they have challenged his policies at almost every corner and at times just for the sake of it
"hate to disappoint the naysayers of hillary clinton who would love for her to be tossed out of the presidential election
"have you ever seen something so stupid that you wish you could just go back to bed on the off-chance that it was a dream? that s how my day has gone so far. you know
"bernie sanders mildly criticized israel s actions during the 2014 massacre of over 1400 palestinian civilians by describing it as  disproportionate.  i m going to stress the word  mild  here because it will be held up as an extreme attack on israel because that s where our political system is today. any politician that even slightly disagrees with israel s tendency to shoot first
"it s no secret republican women hate donald trump. the gop frontrunner has a net negative rating of 42 percent amongst republican women (and a net negative of 50 amongst all women). bottom line: women hate donald trump
"toxey
"bernie sanders smacked down a man at his harlem rally on saturday when he tried to imply that the senator was a supporter of israel s war against palestine.at the end of the event
"donald trump likes to promote himself a shrewd businessman
"it isn t much of a secret these days that rich people do not pay their fair share of taxes. i m not even talking about the small business owner who loves to complain about having a higher tax bill than some. i mean the offensively wealthy. multi-millionaires and billionaires that draw a salary they don t need just so they can have a larger pile of money to sit on top of while throwing a middle finger at the middle class.did you ever wonder
"president obama has a few months left in office and at this stage in his presidency
"ted cruz is a dangerous extremist who regularly surrounds himself with equally deranged right-wing loons. case in point   his bragging about receiving the endorsement of colorado rep. gordon klingenschmitt. that s not all
"there are apparently still folks who believe that because the lgbt community is gaining more and more equality
 you have to see this (image)"
"a first glance
"one of the biggest mysteries in constitutional law is what the framers meant when they said  natural born citizen.  section 1 of article two of the united states constitution states the eligibility requirements for serving as president of the united states
"native new yorker and republican front runner donald trump made his first-ever visit to the 9/11 memorial and museum on saturday afternoon
"there are at least two votes on which donald trump can t count in the new york primary   the daughter he badly wants to f*ck and his son
"the winning streak continues for bernie sanders.wyoming has just joined the ranks of seven out of the last eight states which have voted in the democratic primaries. since march 15th
"a caucus formed by politico consisting of operatives and strategists in ten battleground states around the country responded overwhelmingly they predict neither donald trump nor ted cruz will win the republican presidential nomination on the first ballot of the republican national convention in cleveland this summer. nearly 90 percent of the insiders in the republican party made this prediction
"bill o reilly has a segment of his show in which he sends professional insufferable prick jesse watters out to harass people for the amusement of o reilly s aging
"newly released surveillance video shows that a texas police officer lied when he arrested a young father in front of his two children
"it is a violation of federal election laws to use campaign funds to pay for personal expenses
"ever since the 2008 election
"in retaliation of bruce springsteen cancelling a concert over the state s anti-lgbt law
"republicans repeatedly tell us our schools would be safer if we put guns in the hands of teachers so they can defend our precious little snowflakes from any and all threats. but sometimes
"on april 3
"an unidentified photographer is reported to have fallen backwards off a press riser at donald trump s rally in bethpage
 and he has video proof (video)"
"florida governor rick scott isn t up for re-election. his creepy
 says the gop doesn’t need them to win"
 and you’re blowing it!"
"this is pure gold that perfectly demonstrates that republicans don t give a damn about a problem until they experience it personally.on thursday
 and it is sick"
"like most sane people and organizations
"wisconsin s  right-to-work  law was determined to be unconstitutional on friday by dane county judge william foust.the associated press reports:three unions filed the lawsuit last year shortly after walker signed the bill into law. right-to-work laws prohibit businesses and unions from reaching agreements that require all workers
"the republican party s  unity  of obstructionism may be crumbling down fast as gop senators line up to meet with president obama s scotus nominee merrick garland. although fourteen republicans have agreed to meet with the overly-qualified nominee
"nikki haley
"as much as donald trump doesn t want to admit it
"bruce springsteen has decided to cancel a concert in north carolina that was scheduled to take place on april 10. springsteen released a statement on the matter where he explained that the cancellation is a protest against north carolina s new law that gives people the right to discriminate against lgbt people.the law
"the entire southeast is on a right-wing tear with bills designed to directly attack the rights of lgbtq people
"bernie sanders has done plenty of things in his life. from civil rights activist to u.s. senator and now to presidential candidate
"president obama is clearly in good spirits thanks to his surging approval ratings and perhaps just a dash of relief at finally getting some rest after his term ends. at a big l.a. fundraiser meant to give a boost to democratic candidates this year
"donald trump has attracted all sorts of fringe individuals and organizations as of late. he s attracted the most extreme elements of the republican party
"very outspoken bernie sanders supporter seth macfarlane recently told the jason rantz show a few things he d like to see out of he fellow bernie supporters. the family guy creator knows that you can be fervent in your support for a candidate without losing sight of the bigger picture.he said: i actually am one of the people who has been a little disappointed at the way that
"when you go after a city that s home to most of the late night shows that air on television
"an as yet unconfirmed number of white students of a catholic school in california have been suspended after sending a video to a black student threatening a lynching.the modesto bee reports:a racist death threat video posted on social media by a central catholic high junior has led to the suspension of students involved and a criminal investigation
"presidential candidate bernie sanders
"trust fund tycoon and wannabe president donald trump is well known for his all-out assaults on rivals (perceived and real) in politics and the media. but the donald met his match this week
"in an age where billionaires are buying elections
"the black widow just delivered a super smackdown of republicans for messing with women s health.republicans on the federal and state level have repeatedly assaulted planned parenthood for years now
"hillary clinton was one of the most hands-on first ladies this country has ever seen. from healthcare to childcare
’ ‘degenerates’ with aids"
"an ohio judge ruled that ronald ritchie
 he threatened to ‘get some cyanide’ if gop nominates him (video)"
"the drug enforcement agency released a 25-page memo on thursday saying that they hope to come to a decision regarding the reschedule of marijuana sometime in early 2016. the dea currently considers marijuana to be a dangerous drug with no medical benefits and is schedule 1 drug under the controlled substances act.that means that marijuana is considered to be as dangerous as heroin. to further drive home how absurd the united states  drug policy is
"when dr. ben carson was in the race for the republican nomination
 and it’s kinda perfect"
"when mississippi republicans passed a discriminatory anti-lgbt law
"new york daily news stooped incredibly low on april 6
"millions of americans are at risk of not being allowed to vote in this year s presidential election because of voter suppression efforts by republicans
"on tuesday
"millions of immigrants came to america through ellis island in new york city and were greeted by the statue of liberty. they came with hopes for a better life
"ivanka trump s stab at using her dad s name to sell cheap products made in chinese factories isn t going well. not only is it only highlighting the hypocrisy of donald trump claiming to bring back jobs from china
"on wednesday night
"in growing signs that rumors of a fox news split on gop frontrunner donald trump are true
"six years ago
"in response to trump s outrageous remarks about abortion
 their governor
"a texas cop is under fire after video surfaced showing him body slamming a 12-year-old girl to the ground. joshua kehm is a uniformed police officer working for the san antonio independent school district at rhodes middle school.the incident happened on march 29
"in what seems to be another misspeak moment for the sanders  campaign
"if michigan s embattled republican governor thought he could simply keep his head down and he would be off the hook for what his administration did to (and didn t do for) the city of flint
"when approached by countless people if i m a hillary supporter
"after beyonc  released her song  formation  and then performed it at the super bowl
"on tuesday
"most americans are perplexed that the frontrunner of a major party for president of the united states is a guy like donald trump
"a republican member of congress was caught scrubbing his wikipedia page of potentially embarrassing information
"vicente fox
 tosses protester who speaks up"
"a giddy wisconsin republican congressman was perhaps still buzzing from ted cruz s victory in the state s primary when he accidentally let the cat out of the bag about his party s use of voter id laws. speaking with a reporter at serb hall
"no matter how much republicans and fox news say otherwise
"this has to be the most counter-intuitive and ironic result of racism conceivable. the implicit racism of medical professionals is directly preventing the black community from suffering the same epidemic of opioid addiction and overdoses that is devastating white communities all over america.the reason?doctors and nurses think black people are super humans (yes
"donald trump has said many degrading and reductive things about women. most recently
"elizabeth warren is a strong advocate for justice on behalf of regular americans
"when florida governor rick scott walked into a downtown gainesville starbucks
"much like the republican front runner himself
 even for him"
"republican national committee chairman reince priebus committed the grave republican sin of being honest during a radio interview recently. while discussing the details of the republican convention delegates
"while republicans and some others insist that president obama is a lame duck and in the twilight of his presidency
"the democratic infighting between bernie sanders and his supporters and hillary clinton and her supporters is about as useful as a fart in a jar. we re all on the same side
"the south s red states have been on a right-wing tear lately
 urges us to start ‘condoning racism’ (image)"
"while it s convenient to stereotype girls as small mishmashes of sugar
"on tuesday morning
"the full economic impact of the horrific new anti-gay law passed by north carolina s bigoted legislature will not be known for quite some time
 she responds for all of us (video)"
"donald trump has caused plenty of heartache for americans
"it s no secret that donald trump talks to his supporters at an elementary school level
"tennessee the state that was so concerned about the first amendment that they enacted a religious  freedom  act has just proven that the only religion they really care about is christianity and they don t care about the constitution at all.the tennessean reports:tennessee is poised to make history as the first state in the nation to recognize the holy bible as its official book.after nearly 30 minutes of debate
"donald trump has suggested that women should face  some sort of punishment  for having an abortion. ted cruz just admitted that he wants to punish women for being raped.during an interview with fox host megyn kelly
 barney frank did not call bernie supporters ‘low information’ voters"
"democratic national committee (dnc) chairwoman debbie wasserman-schultz has taken a lot of criticism over the way she has handled our party s primary. some democrats believe that she has grossly mishandled the current primary
"milton parker
"one has to wonder why in the world people would support ted cruz. his policies are the essence of republican backwardness and even members of his own party don t like him. in addition
"the members of a roman catholic church in poland have demonstrated to the world how compassionate christians can shut down priest when they preach politics
"the panama papers leak recently revealed how and to what extent some wealthy international elites use panama as a haven to avoid paying taxes in their respective countries. the leak has embarrassed public officials all over the world
"the vacancy left by scalia and the inevitable 4-4 ties bound to happen have left the court no choice but to deliver sorry and crippling news to the american public: the court will hear but a fraction of the cases it normally would in a session
"conservative economist ben stein just let everyone know how much he hates republican front runner donald trump. basically
"fox news host greg gutfeld has taken to twitter to vent his rage at senior fox hosts for treating gop presidential frontrunner donald trump with kid gloves
"we all heard the reasons why republicans
"bad news for donald trump! despite his objections
 says he understands the world ‘much better’ than potus (video)"
 so they come and smash his face in"
"right-wing blogs are buzzing with what they view as absolute proof that ted cruz availed himself of the  dc madam s  services while business was still booming on the elite prostitution front. recently
"who needs experts
 using it to keep network in line"
"on sunday
"in another humiliating defeat that will have major ramifications for republicans going forward
"sarah palin must have been on some powerful drugs when she delivered a rambling word salad to an unenthused audience on friday.at least that s what the morning joe panel on msnbc thinks.on monday
"there are a lot of things people can forgive in life
"on april 4th
"when a celebrity is given a star on the hollywood walk of fame
"justin timberlake gave a speech at the 2016 iheartradio music awards sunday night
"one of the immediate benefits of the panama papers is that we now have a clear picture of how corrupt corporations have been both actively causing the death of millions of people all around the world.in a video created by the international coalition of investigative journalists (icij)
"a secret cache of documents revealing the tax avoidance techniques used by some of the world s most elite politicians
"an internal memo leaked from donald trump s campaign to the national press shows that his cultish campaign team is not dealing well with the campaign s most recent round of negative press. the memo was leaked to the washington post from a republican operative in touch with trump s inner circle.the memo
"republicans are no friend to women
"we have always known that the republican party is filled with xenophobic
" we re paying so much attention to donald trump
 teachers
"with the nation focused on anti-lgbt  religious liberty  battles
"on sunday
 fails miserably and pays dearly (image)"
"on saturday
 returns 229k to sponsors"
"megyn kelly has been around for a while as a reporter. like the majority of people in her field
’ compares it to heroin epidemic"
"bernie sanders is not one to mince words when it comes to donald trump. he has consistently denounced trump s rhetoric and has warned of the ramifications of both trump s statements and actions. sanders was recently asked about trump s disturbing ideas about muslims at a campaign rally and this time
"to say that david brooks is not impressed with donald trump and the gop is an understatement. using his column at the new york times
"with donald trump taking the republican party and the nation by storm
"you ll have a hard time not laughing out loud about this one.despite having a clear right-wing bias
"it s become increasingly common among republicans to desperately cling to the premise that the democratic party is just as screwed up as the gop. it s a convenient idea. after all
 but trump didn’t say that on fox news sunday (video)"
 claims cbs edited his words to make him look bad"
 and here’s how"
"saturday night live hilariously skewered donald trump s misogyny and the women who love his campaign during the sketch show s cold open.the sketch begins with kate bolduan
"bee stings can have an impact ranging from mild swelling to death
"less than two weeks before his father used a shotgun to end his life
"the republican election commissioner of jefferson county arkansas showed how easy it is for a white man in a red state to pull a gun on an unarmed black man
"republican front runner donald trump has once again confused everyone on one of his policies by completely reversing and flip-flopping several times in the span of just a few days. this time
"a texas teacher has been removed from her classroom after she openly called a 12-year-old muslim boy a terrorist and did nothing as the other students proceeded to bully him.waleed abushaaban was simply watching and enjoying the movie bend it like beckham with his classmates at the fort bend independent school district in fort bend county
"north carolina republicans just would not listen when everyone kept telling them not to re-legalize discrimination by passing its hateful  religious freedom  law. now they are going to be paying a huge price   literally   as you will see below.the obama administration is stepping in this time and has given the state s republican legislature an ultimatum: repeal the law or we pull billions of dollars in federal aid from your state.in a way
"this is either really funny or a dangerous escalation. a group of armed  patriots  that have been showing up to mosques to terrorize muslims going to pray were scared off by a larger group of armed african american counter-protesters:racial tensions in south dallas almost exploded at an anti-mosque protest saturday afternoon before quickly dissolving when the protesters retreated.a few hundred south dallas residents
"if anyone knows what it s like to be attacked by the likes of donald trump
"among the slew of baseless attacks launched against hillary clinton this election cycle has been the accusation that she s in the pocket of big oil because she s taken gobs of money from them. it feeds nicely into the  hillary is a corporate shill and totally evil  narrative and is now currently gospel among anti-hillary voters.too bad it s not true.after clinton was confronted by a greenpeace activist demanding she answer for her  ties  to the fossil fuel industry
"it really is beginning to seem like some church communities are full of child molesters. then again
"a video published by the washington post shows white police officers from aiken
"george bush s former cia director
"while speaking in fargo
"if you ve been privy to any form of a donald trump rally
"donald trump just can t seem to make up his mind about abortion laws
"when ken nwadike
 in 16 brutal seconds (video)"
"sarah palin did that thing where her mouth began moving but her brain was in no way involved
 watch his new ad (video)"
" in an effort to meet his weekly requirements of hypocrisy
 desperate to prevent inevitable brokered gop convention"
"president obama spoke to reporters at the close of the fourth nuclear security summit in washington
"a history teacher who openly ranted in the classroom about how much he hates democrats and liberals forced his students to watch a film depicting the crucifixion of jesus.wilbur d. mills high school in little rock
"paul lepage
"who likes donald trump? not democrats. not women
"fortune released their  the world s 19 most disappointing leaders  list on march 30. coming in at number one on the list is michigan s republican governor rick snyder.fortune gave snyder the  don t blame me
"if there s one thing we all know for certain
"maybe this is republican front-runner donald trump s strange way of celebrating april fool s day or maybe he s just being his normal
"for months concerns have been expressed about the ability of the democratic party to duplicate the voter enthusiasm expressed for president obama in his successful 2008 and 2012 campaigns. getting historic turnout among young and black voters was seen as the most difficult task facing whoever becomes the democratic nominee
"mississippi has been on a theocratic tear lately. when not giving churches the ability to create  militias for god  with the power to use deadly force and carry firearms
"when republicans examined why they lost the 2012 presidential election
 the national african-american museum will include rape allegations against bill cosby"
"republican front runner donald trump is still (thankfully) getting blasted for the outrageously offensive comments he made on wednesday
"for more than a century
"there is a disturbing video coming out of miami beach
"on thursday
 homophobic texts – again (video)"
"the donald isn t having a very good week at all. his campaign manager was charged with battery for assaulting a lady
"walmart has become the perfect symbol of the corporate greed strangling much of the planet. from putting tens of thousands of mom and pop stores out of business
 video)"
"rachel maddow is angry with her fellow members of the press   and with very good reason. the thing is
"trump s latest fiasco is so bad that it s bleeding over into other gop presidential campaigns. not only that
"republicans and religious conservatives made a big show on wednesday by criticizing current republican presidential frontrunner donald trump over his comments on abortion. the right treated trump s declaration that under a regime where abortion is outlawed
"major insurers everywhere have dumped massive cash into lobbying against the aca. their corporate-owned republicans have insisted it would destroy america in any number of strange and unusual ways. now a new study reveals why they say helping sick people afford to see a doctor is bad for the country.data has become available for 2014 and 2015 enrollees to blue cross and blue shield
"when republican indiana governor mike pence signed hb 1337 into law last week
"republican front runner donald trump has ignited a media sh*tstorm with his recent comments about abortion. on wednesday
 republicans will hate it"
"the people insisting the only thing standing in the way of donald trump s path to the nomination is donald trump himself may have finally been vindicated. in an explosive story first broken by time
"if you thought trump supporters wered bad
 it’s anti-premarital sex"
"i m often told that trump can beat hillary
"donald trump isn t the guy you would think would be the republican frontrunner  for the presidential nomination
"donald trump ignited a firestorm on wednesday when he told msnbc s chris matthew s that abortion should be banned and women should be punished for having them. when he realized that people were flipping their lids
"for the last nine or so months
"donald trump thinks he s qualified to be president of the united states primarily based on what he always touts as his business acumen
"donald trump s trainwreck interview with chris matthews wasn t just notable for his abhorrent views on abortion
"when the story broke on wednesday about donald trump saying women should be punished for getting an abortion
"senate republicans were just taken to the woodshed by a historian for their unprecedented obstruction of president obama s supreme court nominee.ever since justice antonin scalia died in february
"ted cruz has made a staggering confession during an appearance on the jimmy kimmel show
"bernie sanders and his supporters just received some excellent news concerning the mix up that might have prevented his name from being on the ballot in washington
"democratic presidential hopeful bernie sanders appeared on msnbc s the rachel maddow show this week and summed up the entire disastrous gop race for president in one glorious sentence:  the republican party today now is a joke
"the explosion of a nuclear missile in the heart of heavily populated europe would be an unprecedented act that would kill hundreds of thousands   perhaps millions   of people. donald trump told msnbc s chris matthews that he would refuse the suggestion that he take such a horrible idea off the table.the exchange occurred during a televised  town hall  interview between the current republican frontrunner and the msnbc host. host chris matthews asked if the real estate mogul could definitively say he wouldn t use nuclear weapons
"donald trump is an absolutely despicable human being
"in israel
"republican front runner donald trump makes himself easy to hate. if he doesn t turn people off with his lack of policies
"one of the most embarrassing moments in politics this week happened in missouri.during a debate in the missouri house committee on children and families
"is it utter contempt
"it s alarming that so many people are lining up rank and file behind republican presidential front-runner donald trump. it seems that no matter what he says or does
"this is why elections have consequences. during the off-year election of 2013
"for many of us
"there was literally no chance that the religious right wasn t going to scream bloody murder over georgia governor nathan deal vetoing an anti-lgbt bill
"mississippi republicans are taking a  shoot first
 need treatment for ‘unhealthy sexual addiction’ (audio)"
"the gop has been absolutely obsessed with blocking president barack obama s supreme court justice pick ever since the death of justice antonin scalia. while the republican party s attempts to prevent obama from doing his job have proven that the gop is nothing more than a joke
"cruz has recently gone on the attack against donald trump
"donald trump spent wednesday morning trying to convince the american media that his campaign manager
"a smart presidential candidate would immediately fire their campaign manager if he were charged with battery   especially if the person he assaulted was a female reporter. but
"a teenage girl who fought back when she was allegedly groped by a trump supporter while protesting at a wisconsin rally was then pepper-sprayed in the face by her attacker.in footage
 people with asthma are choking to death (video)"
"republicans were handed a harsh reminder of how our country s judicial system works when the supreme court deadlocked in a 4-4 tie over a crucial union dues ruling. the court s non-ruling serves only to affirm the lower court ruling that teachers who enjoy union benefits are required to pay union dues.the case involves public employee unions only
"hillary clinton has just launched the first ad directly aimed at donald trump s campaign. the ad is all about new york
"republican presidential frontrunner donald trump was again confronted with the incident in which he retweeted a sexist photo attacking ted cruz s wife
"cops in america are out of control
"the fact that supporters of republican presidential front runner donald trump have a few screws loose is a widely known fact. however
"alabama governor robert bentley claims to be a  family values conservative christian
"once again
"monday s hearing on voter suppression and election fraud in arizona s presidential preference election revealed a slew of failures
"on tuesday
 and it’s appalling"
 and it’s beyond perfect (video)"
"bette midler has made her distaste for the gop s 2016 clown car perfectly clear
 declares him unfit for presidency"
 and this video shows why"
"if you don t know what  civil asset forfeiture  is
"last week
"when president obama announced his nominee to fill antonin scalia s seat on the supreme court
"on monday
"ever since donald trump s rallies have become violent dumpster fires with a heavy neo-nazi and white supremacist presence
"the spoiled son of a new york millionaire went full affluenza on an uber driver
"on monday
 and it’s perfect (tweet)"
"earlier today an unidentified male entered the u.s. capitol s visitor center with a gun. the man was apprehended
 his response to georgia veto is cringeworthy"
"when donald trump stood at his podium at a rally and declared
"well
"despite a petition calling for guns to be allowed at the upcoming republican national convention in cleveland
"at 2:40 pm today
"in case you ve been living under a rock for your entire life
 and suddenly they make sense"
 but he was black so he got arrested (video)"
"today we found out who s really in control of the republican party: the religious right or corporate america? in georgia
"let nobody tell you racists don t have options this election. if you re a racist who is turned off by trump   or perhaps
"in an article aptly titled
"the horror that is donald trump s rise to the top of the gop presidential race continues
"a canadian tech company is capitalizing on donald trump s scary rise to the top by offering refuge to american workers in the field of technology.sortable
 corruption"
 and it could destroy senate republicans"
 lie detecting experts say he’s lying (video)"
"there has been a consistent thread in zionism that has called for the ethnic cleansing of palestinians for over 100 years
"when nbc news chief foreign affairs correspondent andrea mitchell calls a presidential candidate  uneducated  on foreign policy
"as much as likely all of us want elections to be cut and dry
"bernie sanders is on fire
"appearing on abc s this week with host jonathan karl
"traditionally
"this is how brussels deals with right-wing extremists.the march against fear in brussels
"on sunday
"more than two months after bundy militia idiot robert  lavoy  finicum was shot and killed during a standoff with federal and state police
"the tribeca film festival is one of the most respected artistic events in the film industry. however
"california democrats are taking a page from oregon s book and appear set to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour despite gloom and doom predictions from republicans.lawmakers are prepared to vote for a gradual increase of wages that would not only give workers $15 an hour by 2022
 sexist robot from the internet (images)"
"being a middle-aged man whose only experience with miley cyrus is a daughter raised on hannah montana and a dislike for her music
"red states from coast to coast have been engaged in the despicable act of discriminating against the transgender community using
"in an op-ed that puts to rest any notion that ted cruz knows what he s talking about when it comes to terrorism and national security
"the mood at democratic presidential hopeful bernie sanders  rallies is always electrifying. whether he s in big cities like chicago or in small town america
 republicans
"the wisconsin department of justice just released an email that was exchanged between members of the scott walker administration that is so outrageous it has to be read to be believed.the document was sent by wisconsin s former corrections secretary ed wall
"republicans are repulsive people. this is a known fact. but the latest attempt in indiana to legislate how we mourn takes it to a whole new level:the law says that  a miscarried or aborted fetus must be interred or cremated by a facility having possession of the remains
 marks new low point in campaign"
"on march 22
"corinthian colleges must pay $1.2 billion dollars to students. san francisco superior court judge curtis karnow determined that corinthian colleges is guilty of misleading students with false advertising. propublica published an excellent report on how corinthian colleges used predatory tactics to target homeless people and other marginalized communities for recruitment. once students enrolled at one of the 91 campuses that made up corinthian colleges
"on friday
"during a recent appearance on good morning britain
"ted nugent is once again degrading a segment of the population and this time he targeted women.in a facebook post devoted to his love of his guns
"last year
"last week
"bernie sanders  candidacy is attractive to many different demographics. he s extremely appealing to younger generations who are the future of tomorrow with his ideas on education and income equality. he s also appealing on social justice issues like incarceration of african americans and the plight of the palestinian people
"because idiots haven t harmed america enough yet.an anti-vaxxer propaganda film will be screened at the tribeca film festival in april
"this story is the perfect example of just how detached from reality the american right wing has become. two white nationalists (read as: virulent racists) are so excited about how many new racists have come crawling out of the woodwork because of trump
"bill maher mocked the idea that ted cruz could possibly have affairs with multiple women and questioned whether five women would want to have sex with the republican contender for the nomination. maher said: the national enquirer says they have the goods that five women had extramarital affairs with ted cruz. yes
"are you having a hard time figuring out whether donald trump or ted cruz is the least awful gop candidate in the presidential race? bill maher has you covered.during his new rules segment
"the game plan for republicans isn t exactly difficult to figure out. they control their uninformed base through fear. if you re a republican
"recently re-released footage from a 1988 appearance on the oprah winfrey show gives insight into what donald trump really thinks of women.in the video
"the republican party is panicking over donald trump s presidential campaign in a way most americans have never seen
"the so-called  war on drugs  has has taken another enormous blow as a study shows that states that legalize marijuana have seen a 25% reduction in the number of deaths due to painkiller overdoses. that s not some of the states but all of them: the difference is quite striking
"pope francis has once again infuriated conservatives after he washed and kissed the feet of christian
"people are freaking out all over the internet over a winged  intruder  at a bernie sanders rally in portland. in the middle of sander s speech
"every parent s worst fear is that a teacher will abuse their child. this fear is even greater for parents like myself with special needs children that won t be able to tell us when a teacher like amelia stripling is hurting them. fortunately for sarah patterson
 and it’s hilariously kinda perfect"
"successfully proving that we will kill ourselves before isis ever gets the chance
 accuses cruz ally of being his mistress"
 ted cruz unleashes colossally pathetic hissy fit on facebook"
"despite how much the national rifle association (nra) would like everyone to believe that they are doing their best to educate and protect children against gun violence
 then karma happens (videos)"
 and it’s priceless (video)"
 praises dem candidates"
"yet another  responsible gun owner  caused her child to nearly die after she left her kids in the car with a loaded and unsecured handgun on thursday. this  mom of the year  candidate decided that it was not only appropriate to leave her children alone in the car while she went shopping at the village market in birmingham
"two african-american women who went for what they hoped would be a fun night out at a karaoke bar in fresno ended up in a scene from a 1980 s after school special about racism. the women had ordered some drinks already and were waiting to sing  waterfalls  by tlc when the bartenders began treating them like they were the only two black people in a bar full of racists.as it turned out
"fox news  own military expert blasted donald trump
"daily show host trevor noah got brutal with ted cruz over his appalling response to the bombings of eu capital brussels this week
"every time a school shooting happens
"the last thing any politician running for the presidency needs is negative or scandalous hashtags about them trending on twitter. however
"another day
"north carolina
 and he could take donald’s campaign with him"
"poor
 zephyr teachout"
"the world no longer sees donald trump as a joke
"a petition calling on the obama administration to investigate alleged voter suppression and voter fraud in the arizona primary has received 100
"on march 23
 carson and trump (video)"
 passes bill allowing lgbt discrimination"
"for glen grays
"a group of college professors have released a report that claims the federal government s attempts to combat sexual harassment are stifling educators  free speech on university campuses.the american association of university (aaup) found that the current interpretation of the government s title ix laws which cover sexual harassment have made it hard for professors
"almost every day
 and it’s truly despicable (video)"
"phoenix mayor greg stanton is calling on the united states justice department to investigate arizona s  fiasco  election.as arizona voters attempted to cast their votes during tuesday s presidential preference election
 fear historic loss of senate and house"
"hillary clinton should file a lawsuit against fox news and rudy giuliani for this lie.during an appearance on fox news with bill o reilly
"lindsey graham (r-sc) has been going through an existential crisis over the future of his party for a while   especially now that he s backed presidential candidate ted cruz
"rep. mark takano (d-calif.) pummeled the republicans for their xenophobia and racism following calls to create  muslim patrols  in the united states in response to the terror attack in brussels. takono
"donald trump has once again given the terrorist group isis (aka daesh
 fox news over anti-muslim rhetoric (video)"
"coolest. president. ever.during his scheduled stop in buenos aires
"using the long-debunked planned parenthood videos that were heavily edited to  show  the  sale  of fetal tissue
"while many republicans are lining up behind ted cruz because they say that trump s policies are too extreme
"univision anchor jorge ramos made fox host sean hannity look like the angry trump puppet that we all know him to be.over a ten minute span
"former representative gabby giffords has made a remarkable recovery after suffering a gunshot wound to the head five years ago
"alabama governor robert bentley admitted today that he made  inappropriate statements  over a  period of time  with his aide
"while most of us probably wish former congresswoman michele bachmann (r-mn) would just go away
"the ultra music festival in miami is one of the largest electronic dance music festivals in the world. over 170
"last night at a rally in san diego
"the studio of superheroes will leave georgia rather than make movies in a state that bullies gay people.the first amendment defense act passed the republican-dominated georgia legislature earlier this month
"always eager to use a tragedy to erode the constitution
"a day after the terrorist attacks in brussels
"on tuesday
"well this is a peculiar thing indeed! paul ryan
"president obama was in argentina following his historic visit to cuba
"it s hard to believe that business mogul donald trump is not only in the presidential race
"ted cruz has said many stupid things during his run for the republican nomination yet it s no surprise  he s still a contender among gop candidates since all the choices are pretty bad. the senator from texas faced tough questions from cbs this morning hosts about his call for law enforcement officials to patrol muslim communities. after the attacks in belgium
 and it’s breathtaking (video)"
"for too long
"bernie sanders appeared on jimmy kimmel to a wildly cheering crowd and he offered a voice of reason on a host of issues including the latest terror attacks in belgium. in response to trump s and cruz s draconian calls to suppress muslims
"it s clear ted cruz isn t even trying anymore. the republican presidential candidate wasn t even able to use his own verbiage when defending his wife from an attack by donald trump.on tuesday
"hillary clinton delivered an inspiring speech last night in the wake of the attack on brussels proving that she is more fit for the presidency than both ted cruz and donald trump.on tuesday morning
"donald trump has once again taken to twitter to issue a threat to a perceived rival
"there are many differences between gop presidential hopeful donald trump and sitting president barack obama
"it s long been said that the  war on drugs  is a fiction created by certain interests in society
"florida mom and hardcore gun nut jamie gilt is back in the news again after police recommended that she be charged in the incident that left her with a gunshot wound in her back.you probably all remember this idiot but if you don t
 but media ignored it"
 gives staff +$70k raise"
"president obama s response to the attacks on belgium were dignified and hopeful
"while the republican presidential candidates have responded to the tragic terrorist attacks in brussels with the most despicable
"her name is m.h. weibe and she s here to rap about how evil trangender people are
"right-wing christian extremism is a cancer that is infecting american society at all levels
"on march 22
 really"
"rather than placing the blame for the terrorist attacks in brussels with the terrorists where it belongs
 and it’s perfect (tweet)"
"if ever there was a reminder that sen. ted cruz is not the republican party s reasonable  alternative to donald trump
"like all other presidents since george h.w. bush   president obama has worked to build a closer relationship with israel while still pushing them publicly to stop the development of their  jews only  settlements that have all but made a 2 state solution impossible. the progressives in the democratic party have pushed for accountability with israel due to its horrific human rights violations against the palestinians
"terrorists attacked brussels
"republican presidential frontrunner donald trump is never at a loss for words. as the world is still in shock and reeling from news of the terrorist bombings in brussels tuesday morning
"late night host seth meyers has delivered an explosive attack on the central myth of gop economics by blowing up the kansas scandal of gov. sam brownback. in one brutal sentence
"the conservative political action conference (cpac) is full of hard-right christians who hate the usual groups of people that we ve all heard of that group hating   most notably
"a terror attack on the eu capital of brussels in belgium on tuesday morning has left nearly 30 people dead
"full frontal host samantha bee is not one to mince words. she took the gop to the woodshed in the latest episode of her show because of their refusal to even consider president obama s nominee to replace deceased justice antonin scalia on the supreme court. the worst part of it is that it is a blatant ploy to keep the highest court in the land tipped in favor of conservatives
"president barack obama singlehandedly caused a collective right-wing freak out on monday when he took a picture in front of a cuban ministry building that just happened to have a che guevara mural.obama has been in cuba since sunday
"while appearing on the cnn presidential town hall
"if cities want to try and help their workers get paid sick leave
"republican presidential frontrunner donald trump allegedly hit on a journalist on monday. according to karen attiah
"we ve become so accustomed to donald trump s twitter rants that hardly anyone pays attention anymore. his formula for a social media  battle  is simple: if you make fun of or disagree with donald trump in any way he will attack you on twitter. while there are some who are hesitant to fight back
"some red state republican legislators are having severe emotional problems over the idea of a person carrying a bag of weed across state lines from colorado. they seem to think that this is some kind of issue that is going to destroy their state with rampant crime. oklahoma and nebraska got so worked up over it
"republican front runner donald trump has stopped events for strange reasons before   let s not forget that the business mogul once hijacked and paused an entire gop debate
"in 2013
"donald trump is proving
"this pastor s church should be heavily taxed for this kind of political speech.democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders is the first jewish candidate to win a state primary in american history
"there have been a lot of strange things to happen over the course of this election cycle
"when it comes to donald trump
"the election is just an excuse for them to ignore the constitution and the will of the american people for partisan gain.last week
"senator elizabeth warren (d-ma) lit into republican presidential frontrunner donald trump with a series of tweets. warren hammered away at trump
"governor rick scott of florida may be the worst governor in modern history. so
"ted cruz is all about the transformative love of jesus christ. through his own transformation
"politifact just humiliated senate republicans big time.during an appearance on meet the press on sunday
"trump s spokeswoman katrina pierson isn t known for being the brightest crayon in the box. she once went on air wearing a necklace made of bullets to show how committed the trump campaign is to upholding the second amendment at all costs
"in february
"president obama
"as addicting info reported here
 delivers brutal truth about trump (video)"
"right wing radio host and pundit glenn beck has been on the campaign trail stumping for republican presidential candidate ted cruz. on saturday at a rally in provo
"it s become clearer than ever that republicans don t care about women. they also don t care about freedom one iota. and they most certainly don t care about women s freedom to affordable and accessible reproductive health care. this has become more clear than ever especially in florida
"mitch mcconnell probably wasn t expecting this from a fox news host.yet
"twenty-one-year-old marquez tolbert and his 23-year-old boyfriend
"amy goodman sat down for an interview with cnn s brian stelter on sunday morning. goodman
000 people screaming ‘f*ck donald trump’ sounds like? (video)"
"on sunday s edition of meet the press
"the anti-defamation league (adl) is so upset by donald trump s racist and bigoted presidential campaign they are redirecting past donations they have received from the reality tv star and real estate tycoon into programs designed to fight bigotry.the adl made their announcement in a press release:the anti-defamation league has decided to redirect the total amount of funds contributed to adl by donald trump and his foundation over the years   about $56
"because of donald trump
"a street performer based in new york city is giving everyone frustrated with donald trump and his racist
"looking back at all of the offensive
 kick his severed head"
"beginning in 2011
"conservatives love to portray cuba as an unviting hellhole
 protester kicked and stomped (video)"
"donald trump has repeatedly defended his blatant calls for violence against his critics by pretending that the protesters
"republican front runner donald trump
"while i don t believe donald trump can possibly win a general election against a coma patient
"saturday afternoon
"for decades (centuries?)
"conservatives constantly insist that there is no proof of human evolution
"when people think of rape
"georgia risks losing a chance to host the super bowl if an anti-gay bill currently working its way through the state legislature becomes law. the national football league has issued a statement on georgia s so-called  religious freedom  legislation
 find he’s at the level of this infamously dense former president"
"protestors have peacefully shut down the main road leading to a trump rally being held in fountain hills
"the majority of america has been wondering who actually is supporting donald trump. he s been rejected in chicago and protests have been a theme at his rallies throughout the country. yet
"bill maher and barney frank totally schooled republicans on friday night.the real time host began by asking his panel to help explain why senate republicans are being complete pricks about president obama picking the next supreme court justice.maher pointed out that republicans have wobbled since obama picked centrist judge merrick garland to replace recently deceased justice antonin scalia. now they are saying they want to wait until the lame-duck period after the election to make a final decision.of course
"since the supreme court s ruling that legalized gay marriage
"just when we think that the bundy militia morons couldn t possibly surpass the amount of stupid they have already demonstrated
 shows why he shouldn’t be president"
"although i disagree with bill maher that donald trump is not a clown
 ted cruz is a creepy biblical mime"
 solicitation of a minor (video)"
"this is what republicans have created by embracing right-wing extremism. they own this.in a plot that would have made the bundy standoff in oregon look like a schoolyard brawl in comparison
"fox news channel has issued a blistering press release attacking republican presidential front runner donald trump. the release comes in response to yet another twitter tirade from trump in which he described fox news primetime host megyn kelly as  crazy
"mississippi republican karl oliver just gave the most honest
"senate republicans have publicly said they are refusing to give supreme court nominee merrick garland a fair hearing and an up or down vote that has been afforded to others in a similar position for decades. but on friday came the first sign that political pressure over the court is getting to some in the party.senator mark kirk of illinois is up for re-election in a state that voted overwhelmingly for president obama in 2012
 calls for him to end campaign"
 call for obama’s death after ‘northern scum’ pulled from state song (screenshots)"
"newtown
"bernie sanders has a knack for being able to look at issues facing our society and to point them out bluntly. unlike most politicians who dance around issues
"as canadian prime minister justin trudeau continues to prove that he s an all-around amazing person
 wanted war with feds (audio)"
"an elderly massachussetts woman who wrote a letter to the boston globe denouncing donald trump now fears for her life after the ku klux klan responded to her legitimate criticism of their favored presidential candidate. louise mayerson has been through a lot in her 84 years on this planet
"marco rubio
"at about 8:20 friday morning
"the warning signs were everywhere.forty-one-year-old sara atkinson had stopped taking her medication. according to family members
"once again
"one of the many benefits of legalizing the sale of marijuana for recreational use is all the new tax revenue that states are taking in. oregon is now reaping the financial benefits of legalizing the sale of the marijuana. reports show that just after one month
"while on his radio show the other day
"when jane sanders visited one of known bigot and champion of racial profiling sheriff joe arpaio s unconstitutional tent prisons
"clearly forgetting that we re in the year 2016 and women are allowed to be strong
"cliven bundy
"an atheist group has found a truly genius way to troll christian conservatives over their $101m noah s ark being built in kentucky   by crowdfunding mock billboards for the christian  theme park. author and columnist dan arel writes in pathos that a group called the tri-state freethinkers are raising $2
 “i’m a feminist”"
"at this point in the election
"there is absolutely no doubt that republican frontrunner donald trump would be an unmitigated disaster if he were elected to serve as president. there is literally nothing good about him
 hurl racist deportation threats while invoking trump (video)"
 promises more to come (video)"
 beaten in prison"
"ted cruz is creepy. really creepy. so creepy that his own daughter shies away from him when he tries to force a kiss on her. according to cruz s former college roommate
"this is a huge condemnation of the republican party.ever since donald trump kicked off his campaign for the presidency
"as the polls closed for the republican primary on super tuesday
 time to unite behind hillary"
"mitt romney watched his dream of becoming president fly right out the window in 2012 when he made the infamous  47 percent of americans are looking for a handout  speech at a private fundraiser that was secretly recorded and released to the public. romney alienated himself from half the american population in one fell swoop
 makes them own it"
 then finishes him with this line (video)"
"in one glorious opening statement
"and he did it right to o reilly s face.during an appearance on the o reilly factor on wednesday night
"with only three clowns left in gop clown car
"gay-hating
 most allegations false (video)"
"the only thing sadder than losing a republican presidential race to a reality tv show host is then having to grovel at the feet of said reality tv show host and beg for scraps. and in 2016 there is no sadder sad sack than ben carson. the one time presidential front runner has spent the past few weeks shamelessly stumping for a guy who once couldn t wait to spread vicious rumors about him. and all for the off-chance that trump won t forget about him once he becomes emperor president.but wait
"as we all remember last year
"leslie moonves
"just five days before the next republican presidential debate
"everyone knows that republican front runner donald trump s twitter account is filled with nonsense and an absolute nightmare for any level-headed american. trump has successfully funneled all of that bigotry and offensive rhetoric to his instagram account
"merrick garland
"while the overwhelming majority of americans accept the scientific consensus on climate change
"tuesday night was a very big night for democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton. the former secretary of state had a clean sweep of wins across all five states that held primaries. these wins will help push her forward towards her path of securing the democratic nomination for president.however
"when senator bernie sanders speaks about a political revolution
"on wednesday morning
"proving once again that republicans don t care about women
"trump university went out of business years ago
"a voting scandal has erupted in florida again. democrat vote ballot boxes were allegedly found at the bottom of a closet
 picks a supreme court nominee anyway (video)"
"on wednesday morning
 releasing the video he never wanted us to see (video)"
"republican front-runner donald trump has caused a lot of outrage since stepping into the race for the white house
"speaker of the house paul ryan (r-wi) refused to rule out accepting the republican presidential nomination at a contested convention. the comments from the man who is second in line to the presidency were published on tuesday night as donald trump swept to major wins in republican primaries in florida
"march 15 saw yet another super tuesday battle waged
"with the rise of donald trump
"just when you think the gop can t sink any lower than supporting a candidate whose primary support comes from white supremacists and other far-right extremists
"president barack obama took some time on tuesday to call for more civility from the republican candidates while they re on the campaign trail
"governor chris christie wasted no time after suspending his presidential campaign to swoon over donald trump
"fox news and other right-wing outlets are quivering with glee at the fact that a known ku klux klan leader is endorsing hillary clinton. what they aren t reporting though is this: the guy is actually a trump supporter. this  endorsement  is really just an effort to paint clinton as a racist and damage her brand and her campaign with the dark stain of open and obvious racist terrorism that is the kkk.the outrageous reason for california kkk grand dragon will quigg to endorse the democratic frontrunner? he thinks hillary is a secret racist   even to the point of being in line with the kkk s views. quigg told the telegraph of his clinton  endorsement : she is telling everybody one thing
"watching people line up behind donald trump is concerning in and of itself
"president obama gave america
"brandon stanton
"a donald trump president is a very scary prospect for all sane americans. most politicians
"republican frontrunner donald trump is leading the pack by appealing to the very worst aspects of human nature
 and all hell broke loose (video)"
 threatens to expose ‘embarrassing information’ (video)"
"hillary clinton s recent appearance with chris matthews for a town hall special turned out to offer far more entertainment than progressives who frequent the station on their dial could have possibly hoped for. while the town hall itself was riveting
"donald trump is a liar. not the kind of lies that qualify as little white lies or harmless little fibs. he doesn t just exaggerate a little or embellish his stories. no
"once again
 but i had to make my point’ (video)"
"according to the right-wing pastor
"if there s one thing republican presidential front-runner donald trump likes to boast
"just as sarah palin was set to deliver another pro-trump stump speech
"sounds like they should call themselves the brownshirts
"donald trump has watched from the stage as his rabid supporters have brutally assaulted the people who come out to protest him. oftentimes
"a new ad from a conservative super pac absolutely destroys donald trump
"before supreme court justice scalia s body was even cold the republican party vowed to stop any attempt by president obama to nominate a replacement for his seat. now
"the republican race towards the white house is getting more terrifying by the day. we have the front-runner
"this racist literally committed the hate crime in the name of donald trump.on saturday morning
"one of the positive effects of the racial tension in ferguson
"asher edelman inspired the character gordon gekko in oliver stone s 1987 film
"nicholas ragin has spent a decade in prison because his court-appointed attorney slept through his 2006 trial. this week
 advances bill to discriminate against interracial couples"
"if kansas republicans have their way
"a fired up hillary clinton addressed members of the democratic party at a dinner in columbus
"many republicans often argue raising the minimum wage or increasing taxes on the rich would kill jobs and hurt the economy
"president obama took aim at donald trump and his violent racist rhetoric on saturday
"one of the greatest strategies to gain and hold power over a large population is to pit groups against one another. divide and conquer. it s a strategy that has been used since the beginning of time as the wealthy elites
"in two-and-a-half minutes
"cbs reporter sopan deb has been speaking out about the level of racism he has personally encountered at donald trump rallies.as addicting info reported here
"donald trump and his supporters are absolutely crazy. there is video that has surfaced from a rally from this weekend with his supporters doing a hitler-esque salute and telling reporters to go to auschwitz
"ever since donald trump decided to cancel his campaign rally in chicago
 tell reporters to ‘go to f*cking auschwitz’ (video)"
"johnny depp will not be voting for donald trump
"veteran investigative reporter carl bernstein outed donald trump as a fascist on sunday
"with everything going on at donald trump rallies lately
"donald trump and his and the conservative media have been pushing a conspiracy theory that bernie sanders and his supporters are responsible for shutting down his rally in chicago friday.during a segment on cnn s state of the union
"donald trump lost his temper on cnn when jake tapper asked him to be a leader and tone down the violent rhetoric of his campaign.on sunday
"apple s fight against the fbi on behalf of the privacy rights of their customers has taken a chilling turn
 live on-air (video)"
"this one has to be seen to be believed.liberals no longer have to accuse fox news or ted cruz of conspiring against america. all they have to do is let ann coulter do it for them.the right-wing trump supporter sounded off on cruz and the conservative network in a twitter post that turned into a rant about mexicans
"donald trump moved a step closer to officially sanctioning racial violence being committed in his name by telling multiple media outlets that he would be  take a look at  paying the legal fees for john mcgraw
"what s happening in the united states is not okay. what s being allowed to happen is not okay. we currently have a person running for president of the united states who is not only condoning violence
"when caitlyn jenner first announced that she was going to embrace her true self
"crisis pregnancy centers are fake medical offices where religious fanatics pretend to be doctors and nurses to terrorize and deceive desperate women into not having an abortion. and georgia wants to give them $2 million in taxpayer dollars to do it:georgia lawmakers have approved state funding of up to $2m for unlicensed crisis pregnancy centers
"by now
"nothing pisses me off more than a republican professing their undying love for israel and the jewish people. i m old enough to remember the distant past of the early 2000 s when the phrase  the goddamn jew media  and  those fucking jews in hollywood  were bandied about by conservatives. why
"fox news and other conservative outlets are doing everything they can to spread the conspiracy theory that bernie sanders is behind chicago s protest that shut down donald trump s rally on friday. during a segment on fox business network
"donald trump has brought every racist out of the closet and given them a megaphone   as well as the courage to openly be as awful as humanly possible. his campaign events might as well be called white pride rallies. they are disgusting
"this week
"a campaign ad for donald trump attacking rival republican presidential candidate john kasich has been pulled off the air in ohio for violating federal election law.the ad
 here’s his epic response"
"cbs journalist sopan deb was covering donald trump s scheduled university of illinois rally on march 11
"if there is one thing we know for certain
 surround trump at ohio rally (video)"
"republicans care more about protecting rapists than they do about the women they raped.kentucky gop senator dan seum made that clear during a committee hearing for a bill that would require people arrested for committing felonies to provide their dna to law enforcement.rape survivor michelle kuiper courageously testified as a witness in favor of senate bill 150 along with a mother whose daughter had been raped and brutally murdered and a man who spent 18 years in prison after being wrongfully convicted of rape before dna found the real rapist.but during kuiper s testimony
"on friday night
"you know what would be really stupid? if a group of legislators got together and said
"what s happening within the donald trump campaign is absolutely disgraceful. the republican front-runner has been openly condoning violence at his rallies
"as addicting info reported here
"donald trump s spokeswoman katrina pierson went on national television to try and validate and justify trump s comments about muslims hating americans. this time however
"republican frontrunner donald trump is in the news again for violence during one of his rallies in st. louis and his chicago rally was shut down amid security concerns. the democratic candidates had harsh words for the billionaire on friday evening after news broke of the clashes.the violence in st. louis left protesters bruised and bloody after rabid trump fanboys decided that putting their hands on people who do not agree with them was appropriate. this came just one day after a man was sucker-punched by a trump supporter at a rally in north carolina.after the st. loius rally
"on friday
"there s a disturbing trend happening in democratic circles this primary season that
 wounded warrior project fires top execs (video)"
"this gop civil war just keeps getting more entertaining.sarah palin helped create ted cruz by endorsing him for the senate in 2012 and now she is destroying him four years later after he called trump supporters such as herself  low information  voters. basically
"president obama is widely expected to be an extremely valuable asset for the democratic party in this november s general election
"yesterday
"a scheduled rally for 2016 republican presidential candidate donald trump was shut down over security concerns
 hillary was wrong about reagan
"florida senator marco rubio has been going after presidential rival donald trump with a vengeance over the past few weeks
"the houston police department and texas rangers are investigating after a gun nut opened fire on the office of democratic state senator john whitmire a day before president obama is scheduled to speak in austin.early thursday morning around 12:30am
"tensions ran high outside of a campaign rally for donald trump in st. louis
"failed former presidential candidate ben carson is back   and crazier than ever. the retired neurosurgeon who was once leading the republican party before a severe case of dishonesty and ridiculous nonsense-spewing habit ruined his campaign is once again making headlines
"it s like president obama can t go a day without infuriating the right over something stupid. on thursday
"the democratic candidates for the presidency
"after being assaulted at a donald trump rally
"marco rubio has officially joined the anti-trump squad. rubio is now urging his supporters in ohio to vote for their governor john kasich.ohio is kasich s home state and is the only candidate who has a shot of taking down trump in their primary election. michigan proved that kasich has wide support in the rust belt region of the midwest
"enough is enough. it s time for donald trump to condemn this racist violence or be forced to end his campaign.for the second time in a week
"what s it going to take for someone to step in and tell donald trump that his behavior is not okay? when will he be arrested for inciting violence against others? he is now literally saying that fighting and punching protesters at his rallies is okay. well
"ted cruz just keeps on embarrassing himself.during the gop debate on thursday night
"if you ve ever raised a child while living in poverty you know the struggles it entails. food and formula are expensive
"tropical liqueurs
"adolf hitler isn t enthused about being compared to republican front runner donald trump
"donald trump infamously went further into the gutter than usual at a recent debate
" it was a slow burn
"over the past few months
"this just goes to show
 we might have to kill him’ (video)"
"a mother is outraged after her autistic daughter came home in tears because another parent told her that her mom doesn t want to cure her autism.if you are a parent with a heart and a brain
"when someone else is trying to tell you that everyone else is lying in order for you to believe only them
"the man behind the lovably hapless office drone  dilbert  has a few things to say about donald trump   and they are a doozy.in a post on his blog
"a former employee of donald trump s trump university has become the star of a new campaign ad in which he testifies to some of the shady business practices used by the current republican frontrunner s enterprise. cliff  appears in a new ad from the conservative american future fund. he identifies himself as a former salesman for trump university
"ever since president barack obama entered the white house
"a zion christian church prophet named alec ndiwane had a brush with death recently when his ability to see the future and fend off wild animals with the power of the lord failed him at a wildlife park in ghana. ndiwane
"a scene from a donald trump rally in north carolina showing a white trump supporter sucker punching a black protester as the donald s private police ignore him has been making waves since the incident occurred tuesday night. as rakeem jones was being escorted out of the event along with a group of others who chose to peacefully speak out against the american hitler s unabashed hatred of all that isn t white
"donald trump continues to give american voters important clues and hints as to why we shouldn t vote for him. he fits the typical prototype for a demagogue
"president  zero f*cks left  obama strikes again.after a reporter informed president obama that republicans are blaming him for donald trump taking over the gop primary
"while most republicans spend their time taking verbal jabs at  mainstream  reporters (read: not fox news pundits) who dare to ask them tough questions
 no longer can have interns"
"a bunch of rabid gun-toting conservatives would like the secret service to know that president obama is a target.president obama plans to speak at the south by southwest technology and music convention on friday
" wednesday night was the final democratic debate before the march 15 primaries
"bernie sanders is not known to mince words and isn t shy about speaking his mind. during the democratic presidential debates
"the united states has some major problems with our water supply. during a segment on the daily show
 kicked off of interview by morning joe co-host"
"donald trump seems to love it when his rabid
"the saga surrounding the idiots who decided to invade and occupy a federal building on a wildlife preserve in oregon continues. though the occupation itself is over
"when a bunch of kids were recently asked what they thought about republican front-runner donald trump
"after the passing of conservative supreme court justice antonin scalia
" twenty-two states
"the koch brothers have become synonymous with the corruption caused by the citizens union decision in the united states supreme court
 obama interviews supreme court candidates"
"oklahoma state republicans have completely gone off the deep end with this one. the party
"when watching donald trump speak
"donald trump is probably one of the most hateful presidential candidates this country has ever seen. but what makes him so unique is that he is not just a vile piece of trash
"senate republicans sink to a new disgraceful low in their childish effort prevent president obama from filling the vacant supreme court seat.when asked about potential supreme court nominees
 you’re gonna want to see mitt romney read ‘mean tweets’ from donald trump (video)"
 sneaky tactic to throw protesters out of his rallies (video)"
 get sick after drinking it in celebration (video)"
000 after kicking an unarmed black man in the head (video)"
"donald trump claims to have a huge penis
"democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders is popular with individuals with a social justice mindset. he s also packed stadiums with young supporters around the country who see him as the candidate who can help them secure a batter future. the senator from vermont got even more popular last night during a late show appearance after admitting to smoking weed saying
"christian fundamentalism is putting american children in danger
" meet florida resident jamie gilt. everyone say  hi
"this actually happens all the time no matter who the president is
"donald trump s campaign manager has been accused of physically assaulting a female reporter after his press conference on tuesday night.the claim was made public by jamie weinstein of the conservative daily caller. in a tweet
"the westboro baptist church doesn t leave much room for dissension among its ranks
"earlier this week after the death of mrs. reagan was announced
 makes sexist attack (video)"
"trump bashes china so much and blames them for american problems so often
"on tuesday morning
"it s no secret that there is little love lost between president obama and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu
"if you had any doubt in your mind that republicans are absolutely repugnant
"while one could argue that the second amendment of the united states constitution grants the ability to own firearms to every citizen
"one of the most disturbing things about extremist christian holy rollers is how they prize the virginity of women. it s misogynist
"when thinking about who you d likely want as the next president of the united states
"donald trump pretty much goes ballistic anytime someone says something bad about his precious trump university
"cnn host fareed zakaria made a pretty damning point about donald trump s extremism on monday night.zakaria dedicated a few minutes to discuss the rise of donald trump in the republican party
"a canadian couple is facing charges after their plan to avoid  harmful  medicine in favor of maple syrup and other home remedies failed to cure their young son of his meningitis. the 19-month-old died after two weeks of rapidly worsening illness without medical attention.the couple
"trevor noah shredded republicans on monday night for being as inept as looney tunes character wile e. coyote in their effort to beat donald trump.the segment began with noah talking about trump s allegedly large penis
"in a shocking moment of confession
"it s been really hard for the lgbt community to welcome caitlyn jenner with open arms and the reason played across television screens on sunday evening. on the season two premiere of her show
"file this one under: wtf?!a woman driving a van painted to match  the mystery machine  van from the scooby doo cartoon decided that solving crimes was for squares and led the police on a high-speed chase in california (not florida as we would normally expect). i imagine bystanders saw the well-done replica (it even has funky hubcaps) flash by with cop cars in pursuit and wondered if someone was making a movie.redding.com reports:shasta county probation department officials contacted the redding police department about a subject violating their probation sometime around 12:50 p.m. sunday. the woman was identified as sharon kay turman
"in a desperate bid to normalize the republican party s insane stance on keeping scalia s seat on the supreme court empty
"the gop is known for its misogyny. this is especially true of those currently running for president on that side of the aisle. so
"in big news coming out of the supreme court
"it s finally happened. the  baby parts  lie fabricated by two felons at the deceptively-named center for medical progress has been mindlessly parroted throughout right-wing media that they are now claiming the women s health organization violates federal law by performing later-term abortions in order to sell  baby parts. on monday
"after they were crushed in the 2012 election
"in a move that shows just how little republicans care about the opinion and safety of police
"anyone who knows anything about the civil rights movement and its highlights knows about bloody sunday. it was the sunday in the late winter/early spring of 1965 where many civil rights leaders and protesters lost their lives at the hands of law enforcement and others who wanted to keep racism alive on a legal level. roughly 600 people assembled in selma
"in an announcement that can put a lot of minds at ease
"after witnessing disgraceful debate after disgraceful debate
"republican presidential frontrunner donald trump has redefined the election process. all predictions can be thrown out the window along with hope and human decency. in a decent society
"here s the thing about being the leader of the free world
"when president obama took office in january of 2009
"donald trump is literally scaring holocaust survivors who are watching history repeat itself.there s a reason why the bellamy salute was abandoned by americans in the 1940s. fifty years after the salute was first used to pledge allegiance to the flag
 more latinos getting their citizenship – to vote against trump"
"the last gop debate showed republican presidential candidates marco rubio and ted cruz once again joining forces and ganging up on the party s disgraced front runner donald trump.what started off as a tense moment quickly diffused into a hilarious one as the two candidates made fun of trump s ability to do yoga
"in ohio
"john oliver isn t known for mincing words when it comes to his description of republicans. last night was no exception as he left no hold barred when he discussed the insanity of the republican candidates during the debates.his primary focus was on the man that has an uncanny tendency for outdoing himself for his insane behavior: donald trump. this time
"yes
"we all know that there is no way to be a scientist and a creationist at the same time. science deals in facts
"when news of the death of former first lady nancy reagan came through on sunday
 and refreshing
"the democratic debate on sunday night was a little more tense than usual between candidates hillary clinton and bernie sanders. the two went head to head and actually discussed important issues that needed to be talked about   unlike their republican counterparts who choose to make every debate about things like discussing hand size and trading personal jabs.truth be told
 unnecessary product (tweets)"
"some
"an ohio mother who attended a bernie sanders rally has been receiving death threats after a photo of her breast feeding her child went viral.margaret ellen bradford of barberton
"ted cruz isn t the most likeable guy out there   you ve probably heard this before. and it s not just the media being the media trying to make him look bad   there s a reason senator cruz has virtually no endorsements from any of his fellow senators in congress. it s because the accusations are true; not that many people like the guy
 michigan"
 nancy reagan said she was ashamed of the gop (video)"
"two people were injured during a shoe-sale shootout at the brooklyn shopping center
"if there s one person in this world that clearly gives no f*cks about what people think of them
 insane interview technique (image)"
"having been quiet since his presidential campaign went down in flames in 2012
"donald trump sat down for an interview with on cbs face the nation
"mitt romney looked like a defeated man too embarrassed to admit that the rise of donald trump is partly his fault.during an appearance on fox news sunday
"donald trump
"costco cares more about the american workforce than republicans do.a few years ago
"there was plenty of crazy material from the republicans this week and in order to cover as much of their embarrassing antics as possible
"he s not wrong.demonstrating that he is the only adult in a campaign season full of republicans
"on february 25th
"if you haven t noticed by now that donald trump rallies have become white pride events then you are either willfully ignorant
"aj+ interviewed a group of fifth graders following the most recent republican debate.what these kids had to say about the way the supposed grown-ups behaved on the debate stage says it all. you re adults
"what the hell just happened in orlando? donald trump
"cnn money has released a report saying that donald trump violated fox news  rules during the last republican primary debate.the claim comes from an unnamed rival campaign. apparently trump consulted with his campaign manager
"add comedian louis c.k. to the ever-growing lost of people trying to stop republican front-runner donald trump from getting any closer to the white house. in a scathing rant released on saturday morning
"sweet cheese! donald trump is the gift that keeps on giving. i ve said repeatedly that i love trump because he s making it impossible for people to pretend that the conservative movement is not motivated by hate and rage. and like in the case of thomas robb
 makes racist remark about obama (video)"
"oregon is showing republicans in congress how to get sh*t done.republicans in congress may be refusing to adhere to the paris climate agreement
"today
"it s freaking awesome to be white in america. as a white person myself
 and it’s pretty damn funny (video)"
 and it may have cost him his re-election"
"sarah silverman and bill maher destroyed the so-called fox republican debates in what maher described as  completely fact free.  they both wondered why hillary and bernie couldn t debate the republican candidates right now. this
"bristol palin has shown yet again not only how incredibly dense she is
"as addicting info reported here
"the united states secret service is investigating conspiracy theorist and right wing radio host glenn beck. the probe is in relation to a statement beck made on his nationally syndicated radio show while broadcasting from the cpac conference.the agency is required to investigate any and all threats related to the people it is protecting
"alabama supreme court chief justice roy moore is so pissed right now.ever since the u.s. supreme court legalized same-sex marriage in their obergefell v. hodges ruling last summer
"during the new rules segment of real time with bill maher
"remember when republican front runner donald trump made a huge fuss in january about skipping a gop debate in iowa and holding a fundraiser for veterans instead? well
"bill maher laid into the gop on friday night for creating the racist mess that has taken over the party.during the program
"whether during the time of the ancient greeks
"a few days after the planned parenthood shooting in colorado springs that left three dead and twelve injured
"video released from a donald trump rally in new orleans
 reveals very close relationship with ‘liberal media’ (audio)"
"republican front-runner donald trump does a pretty amazing job making himself look like a complete moron
 scotus just allowed louisiana abortion clinics to reopen"
"it looks as though the man most likely to get the republican presidential nomination has decided to skip out on the conservative political action conference (cpac). donald trump was set to appear saturday morning
"leading presidential candidate and former reality tv star donald trump gets angry any time reporters or his political rivals bring up trump university and the legal problems associated with the enterprise that made him a significant amount of money. already republican super pacs are attacking trump on the issue. but here are 4 secrets about trump university that democrats are sure to use against him in the fall election
 and it’s beyond perfect"
"right-wingers never have been very smart
"when donald trump isn t bragging about the size of his d*ck
"on december 1
"it what can only be seen as completely unacceptable
"marie hatch
"bobby jindal abandoned his home state of louisiana to mount a completely pathetic campaign for president. he pranced around with cast members of duck dynasty
"last night
"this is one daily show segment that every republican should be forced to watch over and over until they learn the true history of their own party.on thursday night
"during a segment on the late show
"the donald trump bandwagon is beginning to show signs of wear and tear. in what can only be described as an unusual move
 and donald trump is a fascist"
"fox news veteran bill o reilly is being slaughtered on twitter today for appearing  stumble drunk  as he attempted to interview the candidates after thursday night s gop debate.reviewing the footage
"republican lawmakers hate obamacare
"the gop presidential primary hit a new low on thursday night as the debate descended into a literal cockfight
"well
"always irreverent actor sacha baron cohen
"imagine if you will that you are one of the dullards who frequents donald trump rallies. imagine that donald trump s rhetoric is actually exciting enough for you to become energized when he hits the stage. now imagine that because you are of the low-information variety american voter
"mitt romney tried to confront donald trump head-on
"when you re accused of being racist
"i ve been saying for a long time now that the republican party was on the verge of splitting   and i was right. sort of. i always assumed that the establishment would control the party with an iron fist and the tea party white supremacists would abandon the gop to form their own white power party. but with the rise of donald trump
"when trying to figure out who these people are who are actually considering voting for trump
"the united states supreme court is currently debating one of the most important bills on abortion in the past two decades.the bill from texas
"donald trump s co-chair of the  veterans for trump coalition in new hampshire
"rachel maddow has a well-earned reputation as one of the smartest people on cable news. tina fey has a well-earned reputation as one of the smartest comedians in the country. so what happens when you put them against each other to see who s the biggest  know it all? to answer that very question
"a student at baltimore s reach! partnership school took a cellphone video of a school resource officer brutally assaulting a high school sophomore on tuesday
 reach new level of hypocrisy (image)"
"over sixty gop national security buffs have taken a pledge to work  energetically  and do whatever it takes to stop republican front runner donald trump from becoming the party s nominee for president.this colossal promise was released late wednesday via an open letter signed by several different foreign policy experts who sincerely feel (along with the rest of us) that trump s vision of america is  wildly inconsistent and unmoored in principle.  in the letter
"a mother describing herself as  extremely religious is being held on suspicion of the murder of her 8-year-old daughter
"the white supremacist and former kkk grand wizard threw a temper tantrum during an interview on newsmax
 anti-science creationist could soon be allowed to rewrite school textbooks"
"for the longest time
"it s no secret that donald trump and adolf hitler are very similar. like hitler
"legendary abc news reporter ted koppel has seen a lot of change in the way news is covered during his lifetime   and clearly not all of it is good.in a fiery interview with fox news pundit bill o reilly
"a 94-year-old article from the new york times about adolph hitler has gone viral
"when 2014 super bowl champion kam chancellor isn t kicking butt for the seattle seahawks he is running fitness boot camps for women. so
"there are two things anyone with familiarity with fox news host sean hannity learns quickly: he is one of the most unlikable people working in television and he is really
"they whined and fear mongered
"there are a lot of crazy republicans out there. trump supporters
"elizabeth warren is one of the most popular liberals in the country. she brought us the consumer financial protection bureau
"mitt romney s top adviser in the 2012 election has just accepted what any reasonable republican that cares about the future of america will have to come to terms with: democratic candidate hillary clinton would be a better president than the current gop front runner
 will spend time exploring grain pyramids with jesus"
"with the republican side of this presidential race turning out to be the most horrifically embarrassing thing that has ever happened in the history of the republic
"conservatives are going to be seriously shocked about this one.ben stein is a conservative economist who served as a speechwriter under presidents nixon and ford in the 1970s
"bernie sanders recently received a major shout-out from one of the most ignored blocs of primary voters in the united states. hundreds of people marched through the streets of london on tuesday
"independent voter chris sullivan went to the polls in princeton
"billionaire investor warren buffett has portrayed himself as a proponent for fixing income and wealth inequality
"even in the beginning of republican front runner donald trump s campaign
 your time will come’ (video)"
"pope francis has delivered a strong message to corporate types who exploit people for profit and attempt to cleanse their souls by donating to the church
"a group of house republicans are so determined to make every issue a partisan battle to the death that they just spit on the grave of an african american hero to do it.one of the least controversial jobs a legislator can do is sign off on the memorializing of public buildings. in this case
"if donald trump captures the republican nomination
"last night
"while republicans and their nra puppet masters refuse to acknowledge it
"last friday
"the daily show
"we ll never forget karl rove s meltdown at fox news when president obama was re-elected in november of 2012. it was a moment when he simply couldn t wrap his head around fox declaring obama the victor and he was in complete denial. it was as though his schemes to prevent obama from winning didn t work
"the hosts of a racist
"for years
 conference call begs for money to stop trump"
 gets epic roasting for it (images)"
"over the last few days
"ever since supreme court justice antonin scalia s death. republicans have been clear about one thing: no matter what
 elizabeth warren
"the republican party cannot
"there are moments in life when you have to admit you made mistakes. however
"americans like to sit back and smugly announce that the kind of sectarian violence and civil war we see tearing apart the middle east could never happen here because (insert snooty tone)
 really bad news for trump"
 promises to do it anyway (video)"
"we know that donald trump appeals to what he calls the  poorly educated    just take a look around any of his rallies   but there is a disturbing number of  highly educated  voters who are also backing the candidate whose platform includes building an 80 ft tall cement wall and tracking muslim americans in a database.one such couple
"as donald trump continues to hold steady at number one and win primary after primary
"trevor noah brilliantly unmasked donald trump as a fascist
’ shoots at crowd in black candidate’s campaign hq (video)"
"megyn kelly became the only fox news host to take donald trump s endorsement by the kkk seriously when she cornered mike huckabee on monday night.after mitt romney told kelly during an earlier interview that trump is  coddling  the kkk and their former leader david duke
"a catholic priest has been caught on camera snorting cocaine on church grounds
"the national rifle association (nra) has been very vocal about their belief that guns are totally not a problem in america. you can often find the group posting things on twitter and facebook about how awesome and safe firearms are. they contribute millions and millions of dollars to republican candidates to spread this wonderfully false message about their weapons of  freedom.  so
"when looking at any donald trump event lately
 republicans respond with dead silence"
 racists lose it (video/images)"
"the latest racial incident associated with the donald trump for president campaign occurred today at a campaign rally in georgia. according to news reports
"if you re not scared to death of the prospect of donald trump as president of the united states
 shows us all why he’s been silent for a decade"
"fox news host bill o reilly finally lost a years-long battle with his own children over his right to have custody of them. a new york appeals court put an end to the protracted family battle by affirming a lower court s decision that o reilly s teenage children don t have to see him if they don t want to and that they can live full-time with their mother
 gets shut down (video)"
 and it’s perfect (video)"
"what we ve witnessed over the past several months coming from the donald trump campaign is something very reminiscent of a fascist regime that once tried to take over europe. no one dare say anything bad about trump
"a super pac representing white nationalists is robocalling voters in vermont and minnesota
 destroys him on everything (video)"
"probably the most highly coveted endorsement by either democratic presidential candidate would be senator elizabeth warren. her popularity and leadership in the senate against corporate influences and wall street have made her a household name since president barack obama asked the former harvard law professor to assist with wall street reform following the 2008 economic recession.after congresswoman tulsi gabbard (d-hi) resigned from her position as vice chair at the dnc in order to endorse bernie sanders
"you know what might make the recent scandal surrounding donald trump s support from white supremacists just a bit worse? things might get bad if his son offered to pay to ship black people out of the united states. in fact
"katrina pierson is a black woman. she is also a top spokesperson for unabashed racist donald trump. she apparently buys into trump s horrible ideas and rhetoric














"a 10-year-old girl smacked down donald trump
"recently
"he s one of the most recognizable actors of his generation and he s starred in some of the most memorable movies. yet
"tonight s oscars were filled with award winners and speeches. however
"in an powerful moment for a night that is usually designated to honoring celebrities and movies
 twitter hilariously responds (tweets)"
"after failing to denounce or renounce an endorsement from the ku klux klan
"there has been a lot of tension lately regarding supposedly  liberal  hollywood s overt racism. many influential actors of color have chosen to boycott the biggest hollywood awards show of the year for those gracing the silver screen
"the city of oakland california has a population of over 390
"a routine church service at the st. peter s missionary baptist church in dayton
 pro-west reformists sweep seats"
"it s very hard to pick between ted cruz and donald trump in terms of who would be worse for the country if either were to become the next president. hopefully it won t come to that. but for now
 and for a good reason (image)"
 and their response is shameful"
"during a recent interview on anderson cooper 360
 will vote blue if he wins"
"ted cruz just got his ass handed to him by a fox news host on national television for whining about hard questions.during an appearance on fox news sunday
"republicans in alabama just proved how scared they are of working class people organizing and demanding fair wages. the working class has been emboldened by the success of the fight for $15 movement. they have successfully raised the minimum wage in cities and states all across the united states.the city of birmingham raised their local minimum wage to $10.10 per hour last august. the wage increase was supposed to take place in july. that wage increase
the kkk might not be all bad (video)"
 says the debate was an embarrassment (video)"
 declares support for bernie sanders (video)"
 chuck todd destroys him (images/video)"
 pulls support"
"marco rubio s staff had to exit the building they were working in when the senator began smoking from the trouser region. alarms and sprinklers were set off
"three 12-year-old girls have been charged with first-degree felonies in the latest example of america s insane rush to criminalize children:three seventh-graders at deltona middle school are facing criminal charges after allegedly putting crushed red pepper flakes in their teacher s can of mountain dew
"america has a very ugly history with regards to slavery and racism
"dick van dyke is 90 years old. the man was born into the great depression. he s seen countless wars
 rubio
"not holding back one bit after her absolute victory in south carolina over senator bernie sanders
"there is a ticking time bomb sitting in new york state that practically everyone in the corporate media is conveniently ignoring   right up until the day it finally turns into a catastrophe and then we will all be standing aghast asking  how did this happen?! indian point
"thankfully
"on february 26
"as the polls close in the all-important south carolina democratic primary
"honestly
"the united nations reports that iran is in full compliance with the treaty brokered by the obama administration
"things just keep going from bad to worse in regards to everything coming out of the donald trump campaign. if he s not being a racist blowhard or blaming the media for himself being a douchebag
"donald trump s primary goal in life seems to be to sh*t on everything. this is something the brain-dead gaggle of right-wing propaganda pushers at fox news have learned the hard way since the year began. for years
 then fail miserably (video)"
"on thursday during a visit to mexico city
"in the most surreal moment in modern american politics
"during the most recent republican presidential debate
"donald trump has this tough guy syndrome that makes it impossible for him to resist doing and saying incredibly stupid things. it has garnered him a lot of attention from the low-hanging fruit he calls a base
"donald trump is known for starting fights with people on his favorite social media platform
"donald trump is a perpetual failure as a human being whose only redeeming quality is that he appeals to ignorant buffoons who only care about hating people and being politically incorrect. there are
"donald trump has released a campaign ad detailing his plans for his first day as president of the united states of america. it is a window into hell.the video was released via trump s facebook page and twitter account on friday night
"imagining what donald trump would be like as the next president of the united states is terrifying for every level-headed american. in fact
"turning up to a trump rally to oppose the republican front-runner can be life-threatening
 sounds like gop candidate"
"it looks like justice antonin scalia s untimely death is not just causes republicans to lose their minds in fear
"sue klebold
 they’re begging gop to find 3rd party candidate to sabotage him"
 awards himself $18 million"
 pens detailed letter explaining why"
"a lot of credit needs to be given to those who work in the media and have to put up with these presidential candidates daily. especially those coming from the clown car on the right   in particular
"donald trump is a narcissist and a bully. despite his ever-increasing obnoxiousness and commitment to nazi-like policy proposals
"on february 25
"bernie sanders just received a major endorsement from the legendary activist
"trump s made some pretty insane supporters during his campaign
"there s absolutely nothing more frustrating than hearing donald trump and his band of merry morons repeatedly say we need to  make america great again.  newsflash: it already is great. however
"at a texas rally meant to celebrate his recent endorsement by one-time opponent chris christie
"facebook ceo mark zuckerberg has had about enough of the blatantly racist antics happening right within the walls of the company s menlo park
 especially in cases of incest (audio)"
"in light of the flint water crisis
"donald trump is currently steamrolling his way to victory and republicans seem to finally be waking up to the nightmare that he s going to win the nomination whether they want him to or not.one man who clearly has no problem with swallowing his pride and giving into trump mania is current new jersey governor and former republican candidate for president
"this cannot be a good thing if you are running for president
"meet rep. robert aderholt (r-al). he s a jesus-lovin  christian that supports massive military spending while simultaneously opposing feeding hungry children.no
"if you re a college-age bernie sanders supporter
"a church treasurer from ohio is going to jail for five years after blowing $800
"anyone with any sense of history realizes that the confederate states of america and those who supported them were traitors who should have been in jail for treason. educated people also know that the confederate flag
"senator lindsey graham was asked to speak at a washington press club foundation s dinner and things quickly spiraled out of control.the night is typically filled with good-natured ribbing
 and it’s an absolute clusterf*ck (video)"
"a federal aid package was all set to pass the republican-controlled senate
" the ny daily news
"joyce curnell s family has been destroyed by south carolina law enforcement after she was forced to spend 27 hours of pure torture in a jail before being murdered by the state. i say murdered because what she was subjected to is nothing short of an execution.curnell had gone to the hospital for stomach pain that was diagnosed as gastroenteritis. that
"for months
"during the 1988 democratic presidential primaries
"if you are or ever have been a member of the working poor
"donald trump s hopes and dreams of building a  big
"on wednesday
 apologizes for pushing women’s rights"
"the republican party has become the butt of nearly every single political joke
"it s becoming clearer and clearer that an america under a donald trump presidency would be racist and nasty. after seven years of an african-american president it seems all racists everywhere have come out from hiding
 slams them for being ‘hypocrites’ and ‘idiots’ (video)"
"seldom in life do you come across someone so dumb that they literally make you cringe
 leaves millions to open ohio animal shelter"
"donald trump thanked his poorly educated supporters for helping him win nevada earlier this week
 questions if the poor should be allowed to vote (screenshots)"
"it s hard to believe that ben carson is a brain surgeon after the words that have come out of his mouth during his run for the republican nomination for the presidency. yet again
"once again
"a bigoted conservative attorney in alabama is suing the five supreme court justices who voted to legalize same-sex marriage across the nation.the whining lawyer
"marijuana legalization is on the cusp in america. there are proven medical benefits and evidence that it s more effective as a painkiller for people with chronic pain than opiates. it relieves nausea in cancer patients and stress related to ptsd. it s a nifty plant
"we all know that some in high society do some pretty creepy things. it appears that supreme court justice antonin scalia may not be an exception to this rule. the washington post has reported that the 30 year justice spent his final hours with members of a secret society called the international order of st. hubertus. the organization has its origins in austria and dates back to the 1600 s.the post reported that scalia was at the ranch with members of the secret society and that he had met with them on different occasions
"uncle pat is off his meds again. the crazy host of the christian broadcasting network s decades-long hit show the 700 club has endorsed donald trump. even though trump never showed any indication of being a devout christian prior to his running for the gop presidential nomination
 want to deny children aid for being fatherless"
" if she had practiced abstinence
"republican national committee chairman and anthropomorphic weasel person
"back in 2012
"it s no secret americans have been demonstrating a complete lack of intelligence lately. according to a recent exit poll
"this is what it has come to.following the passage of a republican-drafted bill to force guns onto college campuses   whether the schools want them there or not   the university of houston has begun instructing professors to avoid literally triggering students who may be armed in order to avoid sparking a mass shooting. if that sounds ridiculously unhealthy
"just when you thought republicans couldn t get any worse
 passes highest minimum wage in the south"
 and it’s totally false (video)"
"many americans have suspected that the rise of donald trump
"twenty-four years ago
"during an appearance on cnn on tuesday
 blasts ‘sheepish’ republicans on scotus obstruction"
"don trump jr.
"after the passing of supreme court justice antonin scalia
"president obama is one of the greatest political orators of our time. listening to the republican response after a state of the union address has been a chore during the obama administration. listening to donald trump speak is an experience that makes non-trump supporters skin crawl.the divide between the two is summed up nicely in one comparison. the image compares a quote from president obama s victory speech in 2008
"if iowa republicans have their way
"the republican party has been good at one thing thus far this election year: they ve managed to assemble a group of individuals who ve made the party of lincoln seem comical. whether its trump s antics
"seth meyers destroyed republican presidential wannabe ted cruz on tuesday night for running a campaign of dirty tricks and lies.the late night host brutally examined tricky ted during the  closer look  segment for the way he has used unethical maneuvers to smear his opponents and fool voters into casting their votes for him.it all started in iowa when cruz s campaign put the word out that ben carson was dropping out of the race
"for the last couple of months
"on february 19
"awkward does not even come close to describing how cringeworthy and weird things got in nevada on tuesday night. as glenn beck was merrily rallying republicans in the name of ted cruz
"donald trump moved ever closer to securing the republican nomination for president of the united states this week with victory in the nevada caucus.there s no way around it   trump thrashed his opponents in nevada. he won a massive 45.9% of the vote
"when listening to congress discuss matters of importance lately
"bernie s combination of calling it like it is
 tweets)"
"full frontal host samantha bee is not known for mincing words
"regardless of what the u.s. constitution says or what the american people are so clearly demanding
"after donald trump declared that he would do far worse things than waterboarding
"cnn announced it would be indefinitely banning one of trump s biggest cheerleaders from ever appearing on their network for being too racist
"republicans claim to love our military veterans
"when you think of who might be the perfect person to talk about who is black and who isn t
" ever since the passing of supreme court justice antonin scalia
"ben carson just got a reality check he really didn t like   by fellow conservative bill o reilly!on monday night s edition of the o reilly factor
"one thing in life you never want to do is pretend you know something about another person s life experiences. you ll never know the moments and quality of life someone had unless you actually hear it from that person themselves. however
 unfulfilled promise he will deliver before leaving office (video)"
"pope francis is now the anti-christ in the eyes of donald trump supporters
"you know that  well-regulated militia  that is mentioned in the second amendment? well
"a few weeks ago
"microsoft billionaire and philanthropist bill gates has written a letter directly to america s high school children that could change the world   and it is going to truly p*ss off republicans.every year
"watching a good old-fashioned troll perpetrated against the most uninformed american voter
"in 2014
"maine is one of those beautiful places where bustling metropolises lay hidden in the trees. as  you make your way up 195
"newly unearthed video shows bernie sanders giving a hatemongering republican representative a piece of his mind for referring to  homos  serving in the military.the video
"it can likely be said that iowa is one of the whitest states in the entire nation. so white
"since jeb bush started to bring his mother barbara bush with him on the campaign trail
"let s start by saying that abortion in the united states of america is a legal procedure. however
"while so many keep trashing beyonc  knowles for having the audacity to speak truth to power in her new single  formation
"for those of us who watched the shameful msnbc  prime time  trump town hall event with the growing sense that the network s moderators
"attacking women s health is not a  moderate  position.so
"fox business host
"thirty years ago
"there seems to be a definite double standard when it comes to how republicans in congress want to go about investigating terrible governors. when it came to investigating former oregon governor john kitzhaber (d)
"it s fairly well-known that ted cruz has few friends
 faces 10 years in prison"
"supreme court justice clarence thomas is the epitome of conservative obstructionism. as the court evolved over the years
"donald trump s candidacy would not have happened if fox & friends hadn t encouraged it all these years. and newt gingrich reminded the hosts of the show of that fact on monday.during the appearance
"consider this john kasich s  binders full of women  moment: the exact second he reminded the entire country that his views of women are antiquated and misogynistic.at a campaign stop in fairfax
 utah man dies in jail"
"virginia s voter id law is being challenged in court and with the loss of a conservative majority on the supreme court
"when a comedian knows more about history than a lawmaker
"donald trump s statements are frightening to those who see the danger of his rise and his antics are certainly theatrical. maybe that s why he fits in perfectly in this amazing game of thrones mashup clip.watch video here: [youtube ]his face
 counts non-existent voters"
"it looks as though someone just finally had enough of looking at donald trump s face
"you might just die of cute when you see the video the white house just posted. 106-year-old virginia mclaurin had always dreamed of going to the white house. her dream was just fulfilled
 but for all the right reasons (video)"
"people have all kinds of ways of supporting their favorite candidates. some go to rallies
"how fanatical is the republican party in 2016? even marco rubio is being painted as an atheist.while donald trump maintains a huge lead over his competitors
"in an obvious scheme to keep the supreme court slanted their way
"georgia lawmakers  recent decision to  protect the first amendment  by legalizing anti-lgbt discrimination has cost numerous citizens their jobs as a telecom company responded to the news by getting the f*ck out of dodge.the new civil rights movement reports that 373k
"if there s one thing that can likely unite all americans regarding the 2016 presidential election
 ‘you finished third’ (video)"
"cnn hammered trump for retweeting white supremacists while claiming that he ll get a  tremendous amount  of support from african-americans.donald trump won the south carolina primary on saturday propelled partly by incredibly racist rhetoric about muslims
 we’re close to another 9/11: glenn beck freaks out as ted cruz loses"
"six people are dead after a white
 picked up customers throughout the night"
"the young turks reporter jimmy dore captured some incredible footage at last night s democratic caucus in nevada.dore was covering the las vegas caucus
"the people of flint
 dooming the republican party"
"at this point in the race
 tells fans to join him"
"twenty-year-old palestinian mohammad  abu khalaf was shot multiple times by israeli occupation police in occupied east jerusalem on friday
"jeb bush was originally the annointed one for the gop presidential nomination. however
"recently
"a disgusting black sludge is coming out of residents  faucets in crystal city
"republicans must be shocked. and taxpayers should be pissed.republicans were so sure that welfare recipients are on drugs
"in another show of just how disturbing the republican party s base has become
"right-wing morons everywhere are panicking about what will happen to the supreme court now that notoriously bigoted justice antonin scalia has died. of course
"the hill is reporting that in a very tight nevada caucus race
"anyone who has read the bible knows that that jesus feller is quite fond of helping the poor. unfortunately
"a yelp customer service employee was fired just two hours after her open letter to yelp ceo jeremy stoppelman went viral.talia jane
"this week
"for most of us
"it looks at though sen. ted cruz will actually have to contend with a complaint issued by an illinois voter who believes that the texas senator is not a natural born citizen of the united states. after all
"the ku klux klan had quite a year in 2015   the racist hate group made an unprecedented comeback and more than doubled its membership last year   all thanks to the bigotry and hateful rhetoric of the conservative party and one republican presidential candidate in particular.although gop front runner donald trump denies that he s affiliated with the kkk
"there are a lot of things citizens of the united states can and do look for in a commander-in-chief. however
"during a segment of last week tonight
"this the worst fear of republicans
 gleefully says muslims were murdered with ‘pig’s blood’ bullets"
"according to polls conducted in november by cnn
’ should ask ‘forgiveness’ from trump (video)"
"a group of donald trump protesters assembled outside the republican front-runner s north charleston rally on friday
"a super pac backing ted cruz s presidential campaign is using the confederate flag to promote their candidate and attack another republican.the  courageous conservatives  pac is now calling primary voters in south carolina with a robocall that attacks donald trump and governor nikki haley for their supposed opposition to the pro-slavery symbol.the ad and robocall start with audio of trump stating
"the world is scrambling to deal with fallout from the spread of the zika virus
"the residents of flint
"it gets creepier and creepier with ted cruz. this time
 now he’s giving them what they deserve"
 but forgets he’s tweeting on an iphone"
 and you may vomit (video)"
 but wrote this inspiring poem"
"it has been nearly fifty years since the landmark supreme court ruling
"bernie sanders just received a major endorsement in nevada. the clark county black caucus announced on thursday that they have decided to endorse sanders in the democratic primary race. this comes just before the nevada caucuses are held on saturday.so cool:rt @dammitpete: @yvettebwilliams @djshakespeare @ccdbc @berniesanders #feelthebern pic.twitter.com/wgwbtkewxo  yvette b. williams (@yvettebwilliams) february 19
"in a despicable bit of biased news coverage
"republicans always talk a big game about being  pro-life.  one of the ways they lead their clueless voters into thinking that they really care about abortions is by attacking healthcare organizations that provide the services. that s exactly what happened in wisconsin on thursday when governor scott walker signed two bills that will block millions of dollars in federal funding from reaching planned parenthood.according to yahoo news:one of the new wisconsin rules requires the state to apply for federal  title x  family planning grant money and to give those monies to  less controversial public entities  such as state
"an arkansas school was ordered to desegregate and for some reason the school thought that meant forcing only black students to attend an assembly on gangs and drugs.maumelle high school claims it was only complying with the court order to desegregate when school officials summoned african-american freshman students to an assembly via intercom.the assembly featured pastor dante shelton
"republican presidential candidate ted cruz is
 made michelle blush (video)"
 america’s most beloved narrator
"there have been plenty of accusations made against president obama before and during his presidency. birthers
"the new york times reports that donald trump is going to win the south carolina republican primary and remind everyone just how unbelievably racist southern republicans are:with a campaign message about cracking down on illegal immigration and fighting middle eastern terrorism with methods including torture
"donald trump just got caught lying about one of his biggest claims as the south carolina primary approaches.throughout his campaign
"donald trump has added pope francis to his very long list of people he is feuding with. during an episode of the late show with colbert
"during a town hall event in south carolina
"we ve already discussed barack obama s many accomplishments. and
"grab your popcorn
"if you ever want to know how stupid republicans are when it comes to economics
 racist trolls explode (images)"
"as one of antonin scalia s last rulings on the supreme court
"sometimes all you can do is laugh at the stupidity of fox news
"martin sheen channeled his president jed bartlett character from the west wing to call upon voters to tell senate republicans to obey the constitution.as conservative groups mobilize and begin spending massive amounts of money to keep republicans to their word that they will refuse to even hold hearings on any of president obama s supreme court nominees to fill the vacant seat antonin scalia leaves behind
"kathryn knott was convicted of a hate crime for helping friends in a gay bashing assault on a same-sex couple on a philadelphia street in 2014. she is also the daughter of chalfont borough police chief karl knott
"there are many who want to claim that climate change is a hoax. they are usually the people spending an insane amount of money to pretend that fossil fuels have no impact on our environment
"donald trump infuriates even the most compassionate and holy amongst us   like the pope
"ever since donald trump announced he was running for president
"every once in a while
"thanks to a conservative group that tried to ruin an organized dance for lgbtq teens
"canada is just fun. our great white neighbor to the north just shed a decade of hate and ignorance in favor of  prime minister centerfold  and a slew of not just leftish but downright liberal political and social reform. in other words
"pope francis was asked about donald trump
"right-wing christians are always talking about how lgbt people having equal protections under the law will mean the end of christianity. well
"donald trump kicked off another round of republican mind explosions at a campaign stop in south carolina when he teased the idea that as president he would (illegally) leak a series of damning classified documents about what  really  happened on september 11
"a ymca camp in jackson
"a desperate jeb bush held a campaign rally at a south carolina golf course on wednesday
 faces life in prison"
"last week
"donald trump s appearance at an msnbc town hall event wednesday didn t go very well for him when host mika brzezinski played a little game with him. it was simple: she would describe a candidate and trump would guess who she was speaking about. pretty simple
"in a perfect world
"sorry
 gop: justice sandra day o’connor backs obama in supreme court fight"
"a nazi sympathizer was recently buried at arlington national cemetery
"when you re running for office
"the moment the initial members of the bundy militants were arrested
"the billionaire class is getting very scared of two things: the fight for 15 movement and bernie sanders.the grassroots movement to elect bernie sanders and the movement to elect bernie sanders are very much fueled by the same thing. a drive to make the united states a nation
"politico reports that barack and michelle obama will not be attending the funeral for racist
"during a press conference in south carolina on wednesday
 top economists: bernie sanders is engaging in ‘fantasy economics’"
"president barack obama has addressed the ridiculous demands that senate majority leader mitch mcconnell and republicans like presidential candidate ted cruz have placed on him
"thomas piketty
"fox news created a monster
"a team of documentary filmmakers made what may be a discovery of intense historical importance while working on a project looking at chicago school protests through the decades. in extremely rare footage
"bette midler has been busy sticking it to the gop clown car candidates on twitter. it s easy to do; after all the lot of them are a national embarrassment. the devine miss m. just took her twitter treatment of clown #1 and clown #2   donald trump and ted cruz   to the next level
 admits democrats are right (audio)"
"in the frenzy over donald trump s meteoric rise in the polls
"coming off from her latest record-breaking album and a performance at the grammys
"students in idaho are one vote away from having the bible shoved down their throats in every subject in school.the republican-dominated senate education committee voted to advance senate bill 1321
"republican presidential candidate john kasich is promoting his idea to create a new government agency that would promote christianity around the world.kasich touted the idea recently during an interview on nbc news.according to kasich
 get invited on stage by trump (video)"
"let s just say
 corporate greed to blame"
 left all kinds of stuff behind"
"ted cruz is having a rough week
 and this is what happened (images)"
"there s a myth running afoul within democratic and republican circles (but mostly among democrats) that bernie sanders is  too progressive  to actually get anything accomplished in washington if elected president. to drive this point home
"when donald trump launched his presidential campaign
"president obama was asked during a press conference what his thoughts were on the likelihood of a donald trump presidency. pulling no punches
"president obama s new budget will eliminate all government funding for abstinence-only sex education.for too long the federal government has been using tax dollars to support abstinence-only sex education programs
 his pandering earns him deplorable new follower (image)"
"the kneejerk response of republicans to the death of supreme court justice antonin scalia was a blanket statement refusing even a basic hearing for a replacement candidate submitted by president obama
 racist commenters explode (images)"
"republicans have been vowing to honor the memory of recently-deceased racist hatemonger
"the era of  too big to fail  might actually be coming to an end. not because of legislators railing against it constantly
"george w. bush is back to put the nail in the coffin of his family name and his brother s presidential campaign
 then do your job"
"republican front runner donald trump loves to tell americans how great he is at just about anything   but one thing he ll never brag about is how good he is at making himself look like a complete idiot.trump displayed this not-so-hidden talent perfectly on monday
"it was only hours after supreme court justice antonin scalia s death was confirmed that senate republicans threatened to block any nominee that president barack obama might try to fill scalia s seat with. most notably
"it s come to this.on tuesday
"saturday night s debate saw donald trump and ted cruz going at each other repeatedly. more specifically
 but here’s what it actually said (images)"
"with marriage equality nationwide
"stephen colbert left his comedy central  character behind to replace david letterman on the late show
"hillary clinton may be favored in the polls to take the democratic nomination and she may be considered the most likely candidate to be sworn in as the 45th president of the united states and even she doesn t want to see the republicans succeed in obstructing president obama s constitutional duty to nominate the next associate justice of the supreme court.in fact
"republican senator orrin hatch tried to justify not doing his job and chris cuomo was having none of it.during an appearance on cnn on tuesday
"the dramatic opening of marco rubio s new ad
"call it tasteless and inappropriate if you will
"are you
"a new poll conducted in south carolina on the heels of the state s republican primary reveals the true extent of hatred from donald trump s base   and it is terrifying.currently
 but israel demands $50 billion from u.s. taxpayers (video)"
 schools him on the constitution (video)"
"the enormous debt students incur for college is already a huge burden for millions of americans and the stress of financial debt can be daunting. well now it can get even worse. the u.s. government is arresting borrowers who fail to pay back their student loans.this happened to paul aker
"the unexpected passing of justice antonin scalia has added yet another layer to the incompetence republicans display when it comes to governing. this time
"it s infuriating that there are still men who act like total pigs.ellie parker only wanted to have a wonderful first valentine s day with her girlfriend. so she took her to asahi japanese steakhouse in lafayette
"the catholic church has a decades long   and likely even longer than that   history of covering up child sexual abuse. they even looked the other way when child pornography was found within the walls of the vatican itself. and now
"one man s  stand for freedom  ended disastrously when he forgot to look up. youtuber  latherland  uploaded a clip on thursday that shows a man attempting to make a patriotic
"msnbc s chris hayes has consistently proven to be a strong voice in the liberal movement. alongside rachel maddow
"after the death of supreme court justice antonin scalia
"while at a campaign event in riviera beach florida
"fox news never disappoints when it operates more like a derange reality tv show than a news network. on monday
"we often hear about the  liberal media s  attempts to swing everything to the left. this myth of media bias is often repeated on fox news
"senator bernie sanders had the crowd roaring with laughter during a campaign rally in nevada on sunday as he mocked a certain goper mercilessly.the victim of sanders  flawless sense of humor was none other than republican front runner donald trump
"conservatives are busy mourning the death of antonin scalia
"it can be said that this current election cycle has been one of the most bizarre ever in the history of the united states. sure
"it looks as though republicans are hellbent on obstructing president obama from doing his constitutional responsibility of nominating a new justice to the supreme court to replace the recently departed justice antonin scalia. they keep touting the line that we should wait until the next president is elected
"ted cruz is so hated that even his home state newspapers will endorse anyone but him and what they had to say about him is absolutely embarrassing.despite being the only presidential candidate from the lone star state
"all over the world you ll see unlikely pairings; an elephant that is best friends with a dog
 not sorry: here are some of the funniest responses to scalia’s death (images)"
"supreme court justice antonin scalia is still dead and the republican party is still pledging to block any nominee for the vacancy that president obama puts forth. according to right-wingers like ted cruz
"ever since the passing of supreme court justice antonin scalia
"republicans love to say that they are the party of god. more than a few gop presidential candidates in the last year have said that god values their bigoted
"john oliver absolutely humiliated mitch mcconnell and the gop for vowing to block any supreme court nominee picked by president obama.during his show on sunday
"donald trump and the rnc have had a roller coaster ride of a relationship ever since the establishment was forced to acknowledge that trump is
"it s no secret that our frenemies on the right are stupid. after all
 should be married off as children (image)"
"presidential candidate senator ted cruz (r-tx) visited a south carolina church on sunday and in a message broadcast to several other houses of worship
"former republican party chairman and u.s. senate candidate michael steele
 twice in the head — he was no threat"
"as you may have heard
"donald trump isn t exactly a stranger to making large groups of people angry   women
 and you’ll never believe who he thinks is next (video)"
 elections oversight"
"conservatives have been floating the ridiculous theory that supreme court justice antonin scalia was murdered. somehow
"it really seems as if republicans don t think the things they say and do are recorded. it s as though they only live in the moment and history ceases to exist. because if they realize the things they say and do are recorded they would know that we could throw what they ve said and done back in their faces
"it was appalling but not exactly surprising to see the way republicans responded to the sudden death of supreme court justice antonin scalia. the party that has increasingly defined itself solely on its opposition to president obama once again immediately declared that they would not allow him to fulfill his constitutional obligations of appointing a new justice.obama
 says rich kids deserve free college because ‘their parents worked hard’"
"one way or another
"robert reich
 clarence thomas: petition asks president obama to nominate anita hill for scotus"
"ever since the end of the ridiculous exercise in futility and extremism that was the armed occupation of a federal bird sanctuary in oregon
"the gop has obstructed president obama at every turn since he set foot in the oval office. they hate the man with a passion
"senator chuck schumer ( d- ny) is furious with ted cruz
 vows to block anyone obama chooses (video)"
"with the death of a supreme court justice many implications follow
"newt gingrich is hoping president obama will say  yes sir  and do what white conservatives tell him to do.during an appearance on fox & friends on sunday
"in what can only be seen as the worst attempt ever to be a george w. bush apologist
"ted cruz is one of the most extreme individuals to ever run for the presidency. as such he has left a trail of quotes that should be held against him as his 2016 campaign continues.his campaign has primarily focused on religion in an effort to attract the support of conservative  christians
"within hours of the death of supreme court justice antonin scalia
"you may have seen the latest republican debates held on saturday night. if so
"as soon as news broke of notorious hatemonger supreme court justice antonin scalia s death
"after beyonc  came out with her new single  formation
"justice antonin scalia had an impressive career. in his decades-long appointment as a supreme court justice
"ted cruz summed up the significance of justice antonin scalia s passing  quite nicely in the early parts of saturday s gop debate: the appointment of a liberal justice would completely destroy every republican agenda for the foreseeable future. we are one justice away from a supreme court that will strike down every restriction on abortion adopted by the states. we are one justice away from a supreme court that will reverse the heller decision
"almost immediately after learning that longtime supreme court justice antonin scalia had passed away suddenly while on a hunting trip in texas
"michele bachmann is easily one of the craziest people to ever grace the halls of congress. she spent her entire tenure being a complete embarrassment and disgrace to the institution which she served
"the death of justice antonin scalia at the age of 79
"twenty-five-year-old christopher jeffries was working as a pizza delivery driver on the night of january 16
"are you a republican? are you tired of trying to figure out which gop candidate to vote for? well
 republicans vow to obstruct any obama nominee"
"reports out of texas are saying that supreme court justice antonin scalia was found dead while visiting the luxury resort at the cibolo creek ranch just south of marfa
"superdelegates can
"denver broncos quarterback and two-time super bowl champ peyton manning makes a great commercial. his boyish looks and unassuming southern drawl combined with a squeaky clean image make him the perfect poster boy for just about any product.aside from being a papa john schnatter loving
"many republicans have a clever way of remembering history. instead of acknowledging that former president george w. bush had the terror which occurred on 9/11/01 happen under his watch
"fox news host eric bolling wants mean republicans to just leave his favorite candidate
"a new campaign ad from reality tv star and current republican presidential front runner donald trump exploits the death of 17-year-old jas shaw in order to further the racist narrative trump launched his campaign with. in the ad
 his precious nra membership"
"donald trump used a recent television interview to detail an elaborate conspiracy involving pope francis
"rachel maddow noticed ted cruz bragging about being endorsed by ted nugent
"espn has a bit of a conservative bias problem. the network devoted to sports may have anchors of all political backgrounds
"donald trump s personality could be described several ways. some would call him type a   competitive
"columbine was the original school shooting. sure
"this week
"on friday
"bill maher is a hardcore supporter of the legalization of marijuana. on friday
 here’s hillary clinton’s resume and very long list of accomplishments (cited)"
"in response to her male gop colleague s insistence that women s reproductive decisions be ridiculously regulated
"right-wing actor james woods is so upset that a liberal made fun of him on twitter that he is suing for $10 million dollars. woods
"the oregon state senate has just approved a bill that would increase the state s minimum wage over the next six years in incremental steps.democrats can be thanked for pushing the measure through on a margin of 16-12
"donald trump supporters have taken it upon themselves to try and throw texas senator ted cruz out of the presidential race   by filing a lawsuit against him.the lawsuit
"another conservative  christian  hypocrite gets exposed and you ll enjoy the hilarious twist at the end.a female parishioner at the orlando baptist church in florida forced pastor david janney to step down in disgrace after she revealed through a lawsuit that he had an affair with her and promised her hush money to stay quiet about it.in 2015
"the only thing more irritating to a woman than a mansplainer is perhaps his more dangerous cousin
"progressive hero alan grayson is best known as the member of congress who has introduced more legislation than any other. he s remembered for his statements on the gop s lack of a plan for health insurance
 only one pays their interns"
"something extraordinary happened that is certain to have republicans and republican voters everywhere furious   fox news just admitted that the united states deficit is at its lowest level since 2008. that s right
"it has been a long and windy road for the lgbt community
"political pundit joe scarborough has a donald trump problem
"indiana governor mike pence is at the center of a political and human rights predicament of his own making.it all relates to what he said   or what he didn t say   when confronted with a question about lgbt rights. speaking at a town hall in kokomo
"some companies definitely prefer increased profit over principle and
"cops are no fan of the #blacklivesmatter movement. they don t like it because it shines a light on the systemic racism
"february 12
"if you were wondering how a bunch of wannabe revolutionaries could afford to spend all of their time occupying wildlife refuges and pointing guns at federal agents instead of working
"president obama is forced to spend another valentine s day away from his wife this year
"on thursday
"republican presidential front runner donald trump has one of the worst honesty ratings of any politician evaluated in the history of politifact. yet
"this is cute and hilarious.during his show on thursday night
"donald trump is a flaming racist
 they charge you $7 for a hot dog — obama says no more"
"oklahoma state university student  sherene zarrabi loves fashion. she is so fond of it
"as the 41 day standoff between federal officials and the bundy terrorists who occupied oregon s malheur national wildlife sanctuary finally came to an end
"ted cruz s presidential campaign has pulled an ad featuring a softcore adult film star. the ad
"eric garner s daughter has released a new video in which she endorses bernie sanders for president. erica garner s father was killed when he was placed in a chokehold by new york city police.in the video
"thanks to a bunch of parents who cannot handle the truth
"everyone knows actress kristin davis from her role as charlotte on hbo s smash hit sex and the city. however
"earlier this week
"during a campaign stop
"the texas bar association is stepping up to the plate to nail ken paxton for violating legal ethics.after the supreme court ruled same-sex marriage legal across the nation last summer
"president obama is nearing the end of his time in office and he s taking stock of everything that has happened since his first election   including a very special message to the people who refused to vote for him based solely on the color of his skin.back in illinois to celebrate the ninth anniversary of his entry into national politics
" america s diner  denny s
"clearly
"an explosive allegation has come out of tasnim news against republicans. the secretary of iran s supreme national security council said that the recent prisoner exchange between the u.s. and iran had an attempt made by republicans to sabotage it when they requested iran delay release of the prisoners until the eve of the 2016 election.ali shamkhani
"it s about damn time.it s been two years since nevada rancher cliven bundy engaged in an illegal armed standoff with federal authorities with the help of right-wing gun nuts.as you ll recall
"the bundy empire has crumbled. thursday morning
"last week
"on november 22
"proving once again that conservative  christianity  is a religion of pure hate
"online retailer asos has come under fire for their horrible lack of judgment in having a black model wear a t-shirt that has the word  slave  on it in huge letters. for some reason
"the tonight show s jimmy fallon debuted his impersonation of senator bernie sanders
"as of this writing
"senator bernie sanders made an appearance on the late show with stephen colbert a day following his landslide win in new hampshire and he was riding high. colbert resurrected his former conservative colbert report character
"the department of justice laid down the law on wednesday and announced that they have had enough and they are suing ferguson for police misconduct. the decision to sue came after the ferguson city council voted on tuesday to change the terms of a deal that had been negotiated over seven months.the doj began investigating ferguson police after 18-year-old michael brown was killed by former police officer darren wilson. although wilson was cleared of any wrongdoing
"you may or may not know this
"if you ve been wondering how long it would be before cliven bundy was finally arrested
"it looks as though the conservative target of choice this week to throw all their blind rage at is legendary artist beyonc . after all
"an anchor for glenn beck s tv network
"clearly riding the high off of his new hampshire victory
"former white house press secretary in the obama administration jay carney is sure he knows who the president wants for his successor: hillary clinton. president obama has yet to hand out any official endorsements during this primary season
"if there was any doubt about whether or not hillary clinton had the black vote locked up
 ‘cancer is a fungus’ assemblywoman coming to save them (video)"
"if you have not heard
"ta-nehisi coates sat down with an interview with amy goodman on democracy now! on wednesday
"well
"after bernie sanders  win in new hampshire on tuesday night
"when thinking about the qualities of someone who should be president
 wants fence around israel to keep out ‘wild beasts’ (video)"
"considering left-leaning msnbc still signs joe scarborough s paychecks and he s consistently feigned neutrality in the presidential election
"ted cruz s latest ad just manipulated children to send a political message to voters.the latest campaign move for the texas senator is a big jab at his biggest gop rival
"bernie sanders made his first appearance on television after his  yugggeee  win in the new hampshire primaries with the hosts of the view  and it was the perfect mixture of seriousness as well as a little light-humored fun. bernie began his discussion talking about  the greed and recklessness of wall street
"when you ve never been taught what a figure of speech is
"recently
"a los angeles county sheriff s deputy accidentally shot himself while chasing a suspect on february 10.according to the los angeles times
"ted cruz is horrible. according to former classmates
"the los angeles county school board has caused an uproar with their right-wing residents because they do not want federal immigration officers inside of schools. the board voted unanimously on tuesday to direct staff members at any school not to allow ice agents inside of schools or provide federal authorities with student data without clearance. this move has prompted anti-immigration conservatives to lash out because
 chris christie — and thanks for destroying marco rubio on your way out"
"jimmy kimmel couldn t stop laughing as bill maher repeatedly mocked the gop.during an appearance on jimmy kimmel live on tuesday night
"it really is perfect.and it s from a book that was published in 1961.when joseph heller wrote catch-22 over 50 years ago
"another day
"john mccain is no stranger to war and torture. he experienced it first hand when his plane was shot down in vietnam and he was captured by the vc. his descriptions of what he endured in 1968 are horrific at best.that makes him possibly the most qualified man in congress to speak on the subject. his seat as chair of the armed forces committee also gives him a certain insight into what the united states did to prisoners in violation of the geneva convention and the treaty we signed outlawing torture with 147 other countries in 1987.for candidates like donald trump and ted cruz to declare that waterboarding
"beyonce knowles took the field at super bowl 50 and the crowd went wild. the mega-star and her corps of dancers were perfectly choreographed and brilliantly outfitted. it was lively and entertaining. it was also
 and it’s amazing (video/images)"
"for more than a year the people of flint
"saudi arabia
"joshua james
 converting it to lgbt youth haven"
"bernie sanders just won the new hampshire primary race. the candidate that was once written off as a protest candidate
 but fail miserably (video)"
"depending on how you look at it
"a black college professor from new jersey is alleging that police officers detained her over a parking ticket
"in what is considered a massive set-back not just to obama s environmental policy
"professional douchebag ted nugent took his love of guns way too far on monday
 finds himself on the receiving end of gunfire (video)"
 appalling way (image)"
"fox news had a bit of an embarrassing moment tuesday when the network accidentally declared megyn kelly s arch-nemesis
"a brilliant moment where a high school student turned the tables and gave her white male teacher a much-needed lesson on racism has been caught on camera and is currently going viral.the video
 repeats same line twice in 30 seconds (video)"
"it s clear most of america has had just about enough of the gop clown car and this primary season. recognizing this
 and it was spectacular (video)"
"michele bachmann has been pretty quiet since leaving office under a cloud of scandal and that was a damn shame. she was one of the most perfect examples of how utterly hate-filled and detached from reality the right-wing has become. but apparently bachmann has remembered that it was her gawd!-given mission to warn america about all the threats the voices in her head have been making up for years.last week
"frustrated staffers for marco rubio s beleaguered presidential campaign lashed out on tuesday morning at protesters making fun of the junior senator s  habit of repeating himself in a robotic fashion.protestors from the democratic group american bridge came to a manchester
"florida republican senator and presidential hopeful marco rubio has spent much of his political life and campaign making life harder for lgbt people. so what happened when he was confronted by a real life gay man in new hampshire on monday? nothing good.on monday february 8th
 coldplay for ‘promoting homosexuality’ at superbowl 50 (tweets)"
"comedian and former daily show correspondent samantha bee launched her first show at the helm of full frontal this week with an all-out skewering of the 2016 presidential election race
"donald trump s son
"it is extremely important to vet the people we put in charge of our children    especially in positions of power. apparently
"just when you think donald trump can t get any more grotesque he proves us all wrong. it s as though he s trying to see how awful he can get and still get away with it.the real estate mogul has been racist
 it failed (video)"
"the parents at a southern california elementary school just got their minds blown when they heard that a complete stranger had decided to pay for their kindergarten-age children to go to college.navy vet and fullerton lawyer marty burbank and his wife were the people who selflessly decided to abandon their dreams of buying the $1 million boat they met and got married on to put 26 kindergarteners at the rio vista elementary school through college.when 51-year-old burbank told kindergarten teacher tessa ashton his plan to ensure that each one of her kindergarteners would receive a college education
"just when you think things can t get any more absurd than they already are
"there have been a lot of strange this that have happened this presidential election season
"how does the saying go? fox news: not racist
"if west virginia republicans have their way
 lawyer drops truthbomb pro-lifers will hate"
"when marco rubio announced that he was running for president
"it might just be time to say sen. ted cruz
"marco rubio sounded so robotic during the last gop debate that people are now trolling him by dressing up as robots.as you ll recall
"secret memos have been unearthed that show the inner workings of a propaganda campaign being waged in order to keep the multi-million dollar influence of dark money groups funded by people like the koch brothers a secret.in the documents obtained by the non-profit investigative news site propublica
"the republican party s establishment candidates are being thrashed by the evangelical right wingers. so
 i don’t want them’ (video)"
"a little more than 25 years ago
"beyonce is one of the most sought-after performers in the world
"president obama made a surprise appearance on the late show with stephen colbert after super bowl 50 concluded and didn t come unprepared. while carrying a football with him
"a new poll of new hampshire voters could show an alarming collapse for senator marco rubio. the poll
 homophobes lose it (video)"
"widely hailed as  the most beautiful girl in the world
"in an amazing take down of fox news contributor stacey dash
"marco rubio is making a name for himself in the republican party. some think (actually most) that he s the gop s best chance to defeat the democrats in a general election. he s young
"chicago police officer robert rialmo shot and killed quintonio legrier
"if donald trump had been at madison square garden during this marc anthony concert
"in a brief sent to the state attorney general s office on february 5
"the republican presidential race has gotten so heated as well as sleazy that not even the presidential candidates  mothers are left alone. with the new hampshire primary just around the corner
"as usual
"one of the most critical issues facing the united states is the role that big money plays in financing elections. this has been a major issue that has been discussed by all democratic primary candidates so far in the election. during an interview with cnn s jake tapper on the state of the union
 calling him ‘pathetic’ (video)"
"owen wilson as hansel and ben stiller as zoolander stopped by saturday night live s weekend update to offer their professional advice and commentary about the fashion choices of the 2016 presidential candidates and it was hilarious.[youtube ]the pair began the segment by teasing democratic  front-runner hillary clinton. well
 trump’s fragile ego totally preparing for being a loser everywhere (video)"
 but have your rapist’s baby anyway (video)"
"our street corners are filled with people in need carrying cardboard signs and asking for food or cash. the majority of them are legitimately struck with hard times. in many cases it s the only source of income for their family after a job is lost. there are also those out there who are taking advantage of the generosity of others
"ted cruz is a guy who s easy to make fun of and snl had a field day with him and his campaign last night. taran killam
"five-time draft deferment donald trump tried to buy the love of american soldiers so he could use them at his rally
"marco rubio was looming large in new hampshire
"marco rubio might have been flying high after the results from iowa
 until trump hushed him like a toddler (video)"
"a week ago
"there are many certainties in life. grass is green. water is wet. if you place an electric eel in your bathwater and climb in
"after this past monday s iowa caucus where the results on the democratic side were in a statistical dead heat
"saturday s gop debate got off to a hilarious start as candidates ben carson and donald trump both failed to appear on stage after their names were called.video posted to youtube by the washington free beacon shows an obviously confused ben carson hovering off stage for several minutes
"at the beginning of the year
"by now you have all heard that republican candidate ted cruz is absolutely loathed by the people he attended college with   including his former roommate. craig mazin
 governor and wife eat cake"
"at this point
"christopher o kroley was a co-worker to caroline nosal. christopher wanted caroline as his girlfriend
"on january 16
 definitely does not want anyone to clap"
"conservative lawmakers are far too obsessed with how people have sex.in defiance of the supreme court
"we are all aware by now of donald trump s racist rhetoric. one young but very intelligent and articulate student understands how the media can at times sensationalize everything
"for weeks
"republicans talk a good game about their supporters being  responsible gun owners.  as a matter of fact
"the story of trayvon martin may be one of the saddest we as liberals have ever had to endure. harassed and profiled because of the color of his skin
 cracks awkward joke about her abusing him as a child (video)"
"there s been a meme spreading across social media that says  only in america do we accept weather predictions from a rodent but deny climate change evidence from scientists. sadly
"if there is one thing that s immediately clear by attending a republican presidential rally or looking at the demographics of fox news it s that the modern republican party is not so  modern  after all. they are old. and each year
"a video that recently surfaced of a young ted cruz has raised some eyebrows. the creepy little cruz
"when you sit down to watch the super bowl contest between the denver broncos and carolina panthers
"during a segment of real time with bill maher
"germans call it backpfeifengesicht. it s a colloquialism which translated means  a face that needs to be hit.  however
 then leaving this message (video)"
"jeb bush is campaigning against marco rubio   we all get that. when a person becomes your rival in a presidential contest
"the satanic temple just forced a total shutdown of all prayer at phoenix city council meetings
"nothing shows a person s character more than their willingness to be properly interviewed. because a proper and honest interview is going to yield proper and honest answers. this is something new jersey governor chris christie is apparently very nervous about doing
"women in the biotech and pharmaceutical industries have had it with executives working with firms that truck in scantily clad women to populate cocktail parties being held at their industry conferences.and now those women are circulating a letter in order to get the men that head those firms to stop the practice
"if you didn t think republicans could stoop any lower
"ted cruz may have won iowa but that doesn t make people hate him any less.the texas tea party senator is so universally despised that even moderate republicans and fox news can t stand him.ever since being sworn in as a senator
 his reaction is priceless"
"paul ryan is learning quickly that john boehner had good reason to cry all the time. the speaker of the house of representatives is the leader of his or her party. the third most powerful person in the free world. speakers enjoy visibility and influence above and beyond any other representative in the chamber.that s how it used to be
"it was only a matter of time before this happened. the very first instance of an american presidential candidate in the modern age dropping the f-bomb during a stump speech occurred this week. and
"to compete with his frenemy donald trump
"george w. bush was famously attacked with flying shoes. so was hillary clinton. william kristol was hit in the face with a cream pie. last month
 to great surprise of husband who hired hitmen to kill her (video)"
 drops truth bomb that will make gop squeal (image)"
"when comedian alison leiby tweeted a pretty cute
"daryush valizadeh
 demands apology (video)"
"in a stunning reversal
"yesterday
"you ve heard about those offshore accounts the wealthy use as tax shelters
"thousands of people marched through downtown chicago on thursday night. the rally was held by the chicago teacher s union. they
"the people supporting jeb bush s quest for the presidency have invested millions in a candidate who has so far failed to inspire support from republican voters
"president obama just announced another major shakeup in the last year of his presidency
"at an addiction policy forum in in new hampshire
"ted cruz has a lot of explaining to do regarding the actions of his campaign staff. cruz s campaign took a report that ben carson was diverting to florida after the iowa caucus
"one of the awesome things you get to do when you win a championship is visit the white house and meet the president of the united states. this is a long-standing honor that has been coveted by these outstanding athletes. and if we re going to keep things totally real
"a michigan man just received a disturbing letter. the letter alleges that he has violated his probation for  threatening  michigan s governor
"republicans in congress are holding up a measure to provide relief to the citizens of flint
"a so-called  pro-life  republican has yet again proven the entire concept of being  pro-life  is a total fraud   this time
"if you need reassurance that someone is truly fighting for your best interests in congress
 but can’t actually name any of his accomplishments (video)"
"well
"whenever someone has been generous enough to give republican presidential front-runner donald trump the benefit of the doubt
 racist swipe at president obama for visiting a mosque (video)"
 homeless people (video)"
"at this point
"the iowa caucuses have come and gone
 get his meet-ups cancelled (tweets/video)"
"it can be said that donald trump was less than pleased that he came in second to ted cruz in the iowa caucus. however
"the police shooting of black teen michael brown at the hands of then ferguson
"many women have had enough of men in power telling them what they should or should not do with  their bodies. one would think that in 2016
"something we keep hearing about hillary clinton is that the former secretary of state is pals with donald trump. of course this line is perpetuated by the fact that hillary did attend trump s wedding in 2005. however
"if there s one thing senator ted cruz will go down in history for
"as you have all probably heard by now
"the republican presidential candidates have been shamelessly revealing their deepest desires to spank a certain popular democrat.while it s understandable that candidates will talk smack about their opponents and use more colorful language
"bernie sanders on wednesday attacked hillary clinton s political self-identification as a progressive. the vermont senator posted a series of tweets defining for his supporters what it means to be a real progressive.you can be a moderate. you can be a progressive. but you cannot be a moderate and a progressive.  bernie sanders (@berniesanders) february 3
"former president jimmy carter denounced what he called the  legal bribery afflicting our political system
"president obama paid the first visit to a u.s.-based mosque and made a stirring call to unity between islam and america s other major religions. in his visit to the islamic society of baltimore in maryland
"on tuesday
"on tuesday
"another republican has dropped out of the race. this time
 claims ted cruz ‘illegally stole’ iowa (tweets)"
"it s no secret that nobody likes ted cruz.. he s an arrogant
 the host never saw it coming (video)"
"republicans often claim jesus as one of their own
"not a day goes by when a prominent figure on the right doesn t remind us that  good guys with guns    basically anyone carrying a firearm at any given moment   will act as our saviors whenever a  bad guy  threatens. these glorious figures
"seldom in life are there truly head scratching moments that make you question all life and sanity
"a man ranting about nazi germany had a strange encounter with msnbc host and college professor melissa harris-perry at the iowa caucuses this week. perry was with some of her students in a hotel lobby in des moines where a man she doesn t remember ever speaking to came up to her and began speaking
 calls female reporter a ‘b*tch’ over a taxpayer funded $614 picture frame"
"it s always amazing how many folks who claim to be christians are exactly nothing like jesus. on tuesday
"if you ever find yourself struggling to explain to a foreign friend why the u.s. congress is so universally reviled
"the republican party has spent more than seven years pushing anti-government ideas. after president obama was elected in 2008
"after republican presidential candidate donald trump suffered a truly embarrassing second-place loss to rival ted cruz in iowa
"jeb bush was supposed to be the adult among the children in the 2016 republican presidential primaries. he was even considered the inevitable nominee by some
"sarah palin is back at it again. only this time
"at this point
"a huge number of federal employees wouldn t be able to stand their jobs if republican presidential front-runner donald trump won the next presidential election. according to a survey done by the government business council
"if there s one person who is loved by all in the democratic party
"marco rubio may have come in third in the iowa caucus behind both ted cruz and donald trump
"donald trump didn t exactly have the best showing in iowa
"after months of people calling for the arrest of michigan s governor rick snyder
"picture it. a marginalized but divinely inspired individual (michele bachmann) makes the huge discovery that the bible predicts a global conspiracy. it s engineered by the antichrist (president obama) to get the world to declare war on israel
"christian conservative extremist and blowhard ann coulter took to twitter after donald trump s surprise defeat in iowa on monday night
 taunts the donald over the reason for his iowa loss"
"donald trump is definitely a controversial figure and his run for the republican nomination for the presidency has been a source of revulsion to many as a result of his racist and misogynist ways. well folks
"it hasn t been a very good time for ben carson s campaign to become america s first black republican president. but his very public meltdown after getting trashed in iowa might suggest that he has no place anywhere near the red button anyway.carson crashed badly in iowa
"donald trump is about as a racist as they come
"donald trump
"donald trump came in second place in the iowa caucus
 threatens to shoot motorcyclist (video)"
 says they will continue occupation indefinitely"
"texas senator ted cruz has won the 2016 republican presidential caucus in iowa. cruz won with 99% of iowa precincts reporting in. he earned 28% of the vote
"democratic presidential candidate martin o malley likely never really had a chance against hillary clinton or bernie sanders
 promises to pay legal fees (video)"
 says ‘rid the earth’ of marriage equality supporters (video)"
"nobody seemed more desperate to win iowa by sheer force of will than rick santorum. the perennial republican also-ran staked his entire campaign on convincing enough ultra-conservative iowans that he was their guy
"sarah palin is having a rough day. it began with an awkward interview with nbc s today show when palin fumbled and gibberished her way through a softball question about whether she really blamed barack obama for her son track s ptsd (she clearly did).and then
"it s pretty much common knowledge at this point that republican presidential candidate senator ted cruz wasn t born in the united states. in fact
"as iowa voters prepare to head to the state s caucuses on february 1
"you know things are getting bad on the campaign trail when you have to appeal to the child in everyone by offering french fries for everyone. well
 cruz’s campaign may have actually just broken the law in iowa"
’ they’re ‘slaves’ to the democrats (video)"
"when on the campaign trail
"hecklers at gop rallies rarely disappoint   after all
"earlier in january
"on the day of the iowa caucus
"glenn beck is a paranoid lunatic
 gov’t has to act on ‘public health crisis’"
"this is not how ted cruz must have envisioned his campaign would end up heading into the nation s very first caucus in iowa on monday. his  cruzin to victory  tour bus wasn t exactly the epitome of its name
"while having a third independent option for president is surely a democratic thing to do
"john and melissa wood are typical right-wing loons. after their daughter told them about her class assignments
"is it really possible to describe donald trump with just one word? certainly a few come to mind. try and pick just one
 trump compared his book to the writings of our founding fathers (tweet)"
"things got really awkward on the set of fox & friends on sunday when host brian kilmeade surprised his fellow co-hosts by saying that he liked his meat  tight.  here is the full quote below: i like my meat tight   not loose. tighten up my meat! the only response they could muster was:  okay.  thanks for that information
"just a day before the iowa caucuses
" another fact that allowed fascism to gain power over men was their blindness. a man cannot believe that he is about to be destroyed. the optimism of people standing on the edge of the grave is astounding.    vasily grossman. i could stand in the middle of 5th avenue and shoot somebody and i wouldn t lose voters.    donald trump.in the united states
"when thinking about who would be the best fit for president of the united states
"in december of 2015
"apparently
"the koch brothers arranged their meeting of wealthy right-wing billionaires this weekend in order to come up with the best strategy in order to move america further to the right.as befitting wealthy right-wing industrialists
"a couple of artists purchased the bus that donald trump used while campaigning in iowa. the artists have turned the bus into a spectacle of political satire. they have made many changes to the bus
 i’ll appoint justices who will destroy marriage equality"
"on sunday
"apparently
"on tuesday
"if you re a guy who thinks sending unwelcome d*ck pics to women is cool
"liz cheney
"since president obama took office in 2009
"in the closing days before the iowa caucus
"during a campaign event at iowa s wesleyan university
"with world opinion of israel at an all time low
"on january 29
"at some point
"when you re a salesperson
 slavery and isis will blow your mind"
"christian fundamentalists picked on the wrong restaurant to leave their fake $20 tips.for quite some time now
 so he sent them bumper stickers"
 while parents largely go unprosecuted"
"a group of thugs marched through the main train station in stockholm
"rick santorum has been whining about not getting attention from the media
"ted cruz proudly announced the latest endorsement of his presidential bid. it comes from pastor mike bickle
"here s something not everybody knows about: vanity fair s graydon carter once called donald trump a  short-fingered vulgarian  in an article. ever since that time
"on january 29
"facebook announced that it will be banning its users from arranging private gun sales over both the main facebook site and its photo-sharing site instagram.while these new rules do not apply to licensed gun dealers
"ammon bundy and his armed ganged of militants have upset an entire nation over the last couple of weeks for their supposed special treatment by the police. while that did appear to be the case for the longest time
"ted cruz was approached at a campaign stop in new hampshire and asked to give a response to trump s latest attack
"mat staver
"carly fiorina has joined the ranks of the biggest hypocrites of all time. joining the likes of josh duggar
"the center for biological diversity just announced that they have won a major lawsuit against the bureau of ocean energy management. the lawsuit was settled in the u.s. district court in los angeles. the lawsuit will put a moratorium on fracking that is occurring off the coast of california. it may have future importance in determining the fate of off shore fracking in the gulf coast. this halt to offshore fracking is a huge victory for california s coastal environment
 then sues family for ‘emotional distress’ (video)"
"normally
"a group of extremely wealthy white men are pretending to be black in order to help elect right-wing republicans. the  black americans for a better future  super pac sounds like a political pressure group operated by african-americans interested in politics
"benghazi was just a ploy to hurt hillary clinton s shot at the presidency
 so far"
"it has been the life s work of senator ted cruz (r-tx) to repeal the affordable care act. he s obsessed
"a quincy
"if oklahoma republicans have their way
 lectures them about crime"
"ben carson is having a really bad week. he s had a lot of bad weeks recently
"president obama made a change in policy this week that has added weight to the boycott
"donald trump s ridiculous stunt on thursday has garnered him quite a bit of attention   positive from the stupid part of america
"on wednesday
 ted cruz gets dumped on during gop debate and fails to impress iowans"
"stephen colbert had his own solution to trump skipping the debate on thursday: since  25 million  viewers were denied the opportunity to see trump debate
 and it’s brilliant (video)"
"ohio state senate majority leader tom patton is a term-limited senator who has decided to run for the state house of representatives to keep his political career alive. his opponent is a young woman named jennifer herold
"pastor james david manning is one of the most vocally homophobic preachers in america. he is the leader of atlah worldwide church
"voodoo doughnut is a very unique dessert shop in portland
"award-winning actress and political activist susan sarandon has been busy speaking praises for democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders. after expressing her support for the vermont senator at an iowa campaign rally
"a strange answer offered by governor chris christie during the republican presidential debate showed how deeply hostile the conservative base is towards women.asked to name  one thing that the federal government does now that it should not do at all  in order to cut spending so that the budget can be balanced
 anti-immigrant republicans in glorious #gopdebate live tweets"
"instead of participating in tonight s gop debate
"warning: disturbing image of a man being shot.the fbi released the official helicopter-based video footage of oregon militiaman lavoy  tarp man  finicum being fatally shot by police while trying to break through a law enforcement road block in a white suv.from the vantage point of the surveillance plane beginning at timecode 9:00
"donald trump only has himself to blame for this one.rather than watch what he says on twitter
"fox news went completely predictable in opening tonight s republican debate. megyn kelly addressed  the elephant not in the room
"moms demand action for gun sense in america recently released their newest gun control psa
"florida republicans  war on women is going strong this week. on monday
"at this point
"starting an entire year ago in january of 2015   long before the flint water crisis broke into mainstream public awareness   the michigan department of technology
"on tuesday
"jeb bush has raised well over $120 million with his utterly disastrous presidential campaign
"on tuesday
"rarely in life do you see people go so perfectly together. however
"the fbi is only just now beginning to take down the bundy terrorists in oregon
 trump
"donald trump is known for his controversial and often racist comments and he continues to be unrelenting. during his latest feud with fox news and specifically megyn kelly
"on january 19
"rapper b.o.b. has recently gained some notoriety for his theories about why the earth is actually flat. i won t get into reasons why the earth is not flat. it s too ridiculous to even deserve a proper debate.there may be a good chance that this is some elaborate trolling by b.o.b. because he doesn t limit himself to just thoughts about a flat earth. he also went on to talk about something called  mark 2 rem driven clones and synthetic robotoids
"sorry
"at least two republican campaigns are using veteran s groups as props for campaign debate stunts.the stomach-turning trend began with super pacs backing senator ted cruz (r-tx)
"the spectacle of donald trump rejecting fox news  debate got even more ridiculous on wednesday night as the network s highest rated host
"on tuesday night
"people always wonder why black people are so reluctant to call the police for help
"for everyone other than maybe his investment partners
"bristol palin is no smarter than her mother
"in a recent candid interview with the washington post
"if you thought the republican party was going to drop their planned parenthood witch hunt after the indictment of their criminal  whistleblowers  david daleiden and sandra merritt
"when you think about the sacrifice our men and women in uniform have undertaken for our country
"the great robert reich posted a new whiteboard video this week in which he makes a case in support of bernie sanders by reacting to claims made by bernie sanders skeptics   democratic voters who aren t convinced bernie is the guy. i hasten to underline that while i m a bernie skeptic
"fox news and republican front-runner donald trump have been in a strange power struggle ever since trump decided to boycott the network s thursday night gop debate because the business mogul can t stand to be in the same room as fox host and debate moderator megyn kelly.clearly shaken up since kelly got the best of him the first time she moderated the republican debate
"the book of leviticus is often cited by conservative  christians  as examples of biblical law the nation must obey. ted cruz
"a u.s. marine s letter to bernie sanders that expressed the utmost gratitude for the senator s position on not sending u.s. troops to iraq has recently gone viral
"during a wednesday rally at the university of iowa in iowa city
 lavoy finicum didn’t have his hands up when he was shot"
"republicans in congress may not support raising the minimum wage
"on tuesday night
"michael moore made on appearance on the megyn kelly s show in time to mock trump for boycotting the debates scheduled for thursday night. trump has thrown a hissy fit over what he says is kelly s unfair treatment of him.  what s he afraid of? i m sitting here
 big time (video)"
"the lowest point in jeb bush s political career has to be the heartbreaking case of terry schiavo. terry was pronounced brain-dead in 1990 after her husband michael found her unconscious in their florida home. terry s parents
 look who may be headed to the supreme court"
"many of the terrorists who were participating in the armed occupation of a federal bird sanctuary in oregon turned tail and fled after the fbi arrested their leaders and fellow  freedom fighters
"jon ritzheimer
"as part of the donald trump campaign s public meltdown over the upcoming republican presidential debate on fox news
 ryan bundy and ‘tarp man’ shot after confrontation with police (video)"
 underoos officially in wad (video)"
"florida republicans have sponsored a bill that would literally ban all abortions except in cases where the woman s health and/or life is threatened by the pregnancy. if passed
 only one group of people showed up to run the senate"
"arguably the most popular myth in the pantheon of republican fiction is the idea that there s somehow a liberal media conspiracy to suppress conservatism and elevate liberalism. horseshit.but that hasn t stopped slippery dickface ted cruz from furthering the myth whenever possible. during an interview with howard kurtz
"if jeb bush watched the daily show last night
 and he’s not going to like it"
"by now
 then karma calls (video)"
"last night during the democratic presidential town hall in iowa
"thanks to a repeal of a long-standing law in 2015
 attacks female prosecutor (video)"
"you have to admire conservatives  ability to commit to the lie. after david daledin and sandra merritt
"after getting crushed in the 2012 election
"in a baffling fit of rage
"donald rumsfeld is in full damage control mode after a declassified memo from 2002 making the rounds revealed that he lied about iraq s  wmds.  like anyone desperate to sway public opinion and keep himself out of jail
"the rachel maddow show attempted to reach out to maine governor paul lepage s office to see if he would be delivering his annual state of the state speech this year (after threatening he wouldn t do it). instead of getting a response to that simple question
"michigan governor rick snyder stood before the state legislature and declared that the  buck stops  with him. he said that the people of flint deserve the truth and that they will get it. hew said he takes full responsibility and that the government had failed the people.then he refused to resign
"if you were not aware there is a seriously old and debunked new theory going around the interwebz that the earth is really flat after all. yes
"conan o brien and first lady michelle obama teamed up in an hour long episode chronicling a trip they made to al udeid air base in qatar as part of the first lady s joining forces initiative.with comedians laurie kilmartin
"bristol palin had something to say and pondered some questions after tina fey roasted her mommy on saturday night live over the weekend.last week
"president obama announced via an op-ed in the washington post that he will be enacting some major reforms in the federal prison system. he will be putting an end to solitary confinement for juveniles
"in case you haven t heard
"fox news pundit and co-host stacey dash attracted a lot of negative comments with her recent comments that bet and the naacp shouldn t exist.actress gabrielle union is the star of bet s being mary jane
"emma watson has been in the news lately and it s not because of her acting. she s a staunch feminist and a human rights activist
 fox news asserts obama won’t be running again (video)"
"talk about blowback. last summer
"it s been more than three weeks since a group of terrorists
"during a campaign event in iowa falls
"the tennessee house of representatives needs to find a new majority whip after their last one was exposed of having repeatedly sexually harassed young women while he trumpeted  family values  from his political office.state rep. jeremy durham formally announced he would be stepping down from his leadership role (but not giving up his seat in the legislature) after an investigation by the tennessean found that he had repeatedly sent sexual texts to at least three women
"you know the water crisis in flint
"supporters of senator bernie sanders can now cool down with a pint of ice cream after they  feel the bern. ben cohen
"donald trump has an extremely messed up perception of his standing with minorities.after being wildly offensive when it comes to women
 rule everything’"
"this article contains spoilersthe district attorney responsible for the questionable 2005 convictions of steven avery and his 16-year-old nephew brendan dassey for the murder of teresa halbach has found a new and sickening way to profit from his actions: he is going to write a book.ken kratz became infamous after the release of netflix docu-series making a murderer. produced over 10 years by film makers moira demos and laura ricciardi
 what happens next made us sick with rage (images)"
"what s happening in flint
"a couple of days ago a woman in washington was shot while watching the benghazi movie  13 hours  and thanks to the united states  obsession with guns. we are now learning that the shooter
"we all know how much conservatives love to whine about how persecuted they are for their mainstream beliefs
"in an amazing open letter
"during an on interview on this week
 then things get even more racist (video)"
"rep. john lewis (d-ga.) was nearly killed by the ku klux klan while helping to lead the freedom rides in alabama in 1961. he knows the destructive power of racist hatred first hand
"last night
"rick scott has been governor of florida for just over one term but already the state is feeling the effects of his conservative fanaticism. while the rest of the country continues to combat the spread of hiv and the number of people dying from aids drops
"it s not often enough that we see a story about a good police officer who goes above and beyond the call of duty
 and split the vote for a trump win"
"on the sixth year anniversary of the supreme court s citizens united v. fec decision that granted billionaires
"an argument over a $25 gun repair charge led to a father-son shootout
"wednesday
"tina fey once again took on sarah palin on saturday night live
"it s hard to believe that it s been nearly 13 years since natalie maines of the dixie chicks perfectly spoke her mind in reference to the impending iraq war. if you don t remember what she said
"on january 22
"what kind of man would pull his daughters from the safety of their school and place them in the middle of an armed standoff? a bundy terrorist.on january 2nd
"ammosexuals also tend to be anti-gay bigots
"cher has certainly used her power
 it’s not being potus (video)"
"it gets more outrageous by the day for the trump campaign when it comes to racism and racists. it appears trump has assembled a political team and a fan base of individuals who are racist to the core. take for example current trump campaign spokesperson katrina pierson. back in 2012
"bill maher is all about telling it like it is
"it s a bromance for the ages. one that may go down in history. glenn beck
 it happened – trump proves he’s a traitor in favor of a new confederacy (tweet)"
"an anti-trump super pac has just released a new attack ad highlighting just how untrustworthy and flip-floppy the gop presidential candidate has become over the years. it turns out that historically
"as a general rule
"donald trump s heavily-conservative base is filled to the brim with stupid people. it s one thing for polls and studies to prove that trumpfans are absolute morons
"you may have seen the pocket version of the united states constitution the bundy bunch carries around. the distinctive picture of george washington on the cover is a clear giveaway that not only do these imbeciles not understand the laws of our land
"donald trump thinks conservative icon william f. buckley would oppose the national review s attack against him. william f. buckley disagreed 16 years ago.earlier this week
 it signaled the global financial crash of 2008. now
"a group of seniors from desert vista high school in phoenix
"there s really no better person to roast sarah palin than bill maher
"actress charlotte rampling really stepped in it when she declared that the boycott of the oscars by black actors was nothing more than  anti-white racism.  anyone with a pair of eyes can see that the fact that
"donald trump has once again used images of non-american military in a campaign appeal. this time the former reality tv star used images of communist soldiers in a web ad advertising his support of veteran s issues.the men were clearly communists
"house of cards star kevin spacey
"when sarah palin blamed president obama for her son s domestic violence charges pretty much everyone slammed her for it
 changed the rules for oscar voting"
"greg pruitt s wife was awoken at approximately 5 a.m. when she noticed her husband was having a seizure. quickly
"some people in life still haven t grasped the fact that all people should be treated equally. many still feel it is well within their rights to be discriminatory based upon personal beliefs. such is the case with deepika avanti who lists herself as a  holistic therapist  and  psychic healer. avanti
"while it s exciting to see a great television show finally make its way back to the small screen
"the human rights debacle that is being referred to as the flint water crisis has just been summed up perfectly by political cartoonist matt wuerker
"leona coakley-spring has only been running her consignment shop
"if you re like me
 michigan’s people"
 and the oscar boycott is ‘anti-white racism’"
"since the september 11
"for anyone who s been paying attention to donald trump
 blames obama"
"a christian conservative  lawmaker in kansas has used his position as a senate committee chairman to enforce a dress code for female witnesses in courts. the rules govern skirt length and cleavage allowance. there are no equivalent rules for men.sen. mitch holmes is the republican chairman of the senate ethics and elections committee in kansas
 a ‘whitegenocide’ neo-nazi account (images)"
"sarah palin is an idiot. while this has been commonly accepted ever since she slinked out of her slime pit and emerged on the political scene
"one of the hallmarks about jeb bush s failing presidential campaign has been just how pathetic it has turned out to be. his latest campaign ad won t help that perception of the republican once spoken about as a shoo-in for the nomination.the ad features jeb bush s mother
"thinking about going to the movies? you might want to avoid 13 hours: the secret soldiers of benghazi
 now cyber attacks have been confirmed (video)"
"ted cruz is fast approaching donald trump as the most hated man in america. as gop insiders and long-time public figures denounce cruz as someone nobody in congress would work with
 just don’t vote for trump
"since the start of donald trump s presidential campaign
"ted cruz would like us all to believe that john f. kennedy would be a republican today if he were alive. jfk s grandson not only disputed cruz s claim
"folks
"sarah palin went full looney tunes on tuesday and @midnight host chris hardwick knows exactly which character she channeled during her speech.during wednesday night s episode of the comedy central program
"the news media thrives on political drama
"trinity lutheran church in columbia
"by now
 submissive
"there are people in this world who are willfully ignorant
"the reason republican presidential frontrunner donald trump decided to bring  sarah palin back into the limelight is still unclear. she was the poison pill for john mccain in 2008
"nothing captures the sheer absurdity of the republican 2016 presidential primary more than the donald trump phenomenon   especially now that he has gotten the support of the worst element of american politics   sarah palin.palin s endorsement speech of trump was nothing short of amazing
"michigan governor rick snyder is being called to appear before a congressional hearing about how the city of flint s water supply was poisoned with lead.snyder
"it gets weirder and more exploitative with the republicans on a daily basis. this time
"republican presidential candidate senator ted cruz (r-tx) said it was terrible that the sailors detained by iran were videotaped putting their hands up and surrendering. but now cruz is using that same footage shot by iran in a new campaign ad.the ad
"michigan s governor rick snyder is desperately trying to retain some credibility by increasing his presence in the media. it isn t working. all he is doing is proving to the world that he is as much a scumbag as the world thinks he is.in an interview with fox 2
"ammon bundy and his band of gun-toting domestic terrorists are living up to their vanilla isis nickname.as you ll recall
"the oscars have been experiencing some well-deserved backlash since january 14
"sen. ted cruz may be seeing a surge in the republican primaries
"on the night of january 7
"when the bundy moron militia first took over the malheur wildlife refuge in harney county
"no one is happier to see sarah palin back in the news than stephen colbert. following the former alaska governor s endorsement of donald trump for the republican nomination
"sarah palin did something entirely expected of her
 a slingshot (screenshots)"
 blasts republicans for ‘short-changing basic services’ (video)"
"by now you ve probably heard about the remarks clueless  star and fox news contributor stacey dash made about race
 says reagan would never negotiate with iran"
"if you ve ever noticed how donald trump brags more about how much money he s made than how much he s given away
 bet and racism in america
"some people have a passion for writing or for music and the arts. others make sure they stand up for human rights for all and/or the impacts of climate change on our global economy. then there are the folks who you already thought were creepy and just became a lot more creepy when you find out that they re  obsessed  with murder and the death penalty.enter: republican presidential candidate sen. ted cruz.while it was thought that cruz took a particular interest in the death penalty because his mentor s father was killed by a carjacker
 and it’s really
"yet another victim of sexual abuse can thank a church for introducing her to her assailant. the calvary christian church in del city
"sarah palin has marked her return to the national stage as part of the trump campaign with another doozy. palin s son track   a combat veteran   was recently arrested on domestic violence charges. he had a fight with his girlfriend
"the gop never ceases to amaze with its consistent insanity. this time the insanity has to do with the water contamination issue in flint
"representative justin amash (r-mich.) thinks that providing disaster relief to the people of flint
"released in september 2013
 get chewed out by angry residents (video)"
"every year without fail
"a california man who by his own account spent much of 2015 binge watching fox news and getting progressively more angry about muslims says that the only reason he repeatedly threatened to kill muslims was because he had a toxic mix of alcohol abuse and fox abuse problems.in 2015
"the new york daily news is becoming well-known for its political
 goes off on racist rant (video)"
"bristol palin didn t go to harvard law school like president obama or her frenemy ted cruz did. she wants us to know this
"when one searches for the perfect way to describe supporters of donald trump
"sarah palin s horrific word salad of an endorsement of donald trump on tuesday evening didn t make sense in any language resembling english
"maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio is a vile creature. the 83-year-old has reigned over the arizona county for more than twenty years
"pretty much all of sarah palin s endorsement of republican presidential frontrunner donald trump was definitely off the wall. you weren t sure if you were watching a circus performance by a lady dressed in wind chimes
"governor rick snyder should probably stay off social media for the rest of his life.during an interview on monday
"sarah palin made her first campaign appearance with donald trump on tuesday
 but obama’s veto pen said ‘hell no’"
"there are many
"can you imagine if republicans interrogated every constituent about their sexual activity? well
 makes glowing endorsement"
"ted cruz is not handling sarah palin endorsing donald trump very well at all. although
 jr. endorsed trump (video)"
"it s no secret that the palin family are fans of drunken hijinks after a well-publicized drunken birthday brawl in 2014. shortly after it became news that sarah can see a donald trump presidency from her house
"the late show with stephen colbert had a very special guest on to celebrate mlk day   black lives matter activist deray mckesson. nothing could be more appropriate
"republican presidential candidate gov. chris christie is mad. he is so mad
"we all know that the only reason donald trump is so popular among the republican base is because he is because of his racist rhetoric. his trump hate  is very appealing to the vile voters the gop panders to
"during the state of the union address
"the clampetts are at it again! as usual
"we all know the gop is out of touch with the public
"president obama has been working for months to bring home four american prisoners held in iran. it finally paid off with a deal that saw iran and the united states exchange prisoners. the president showed that diplomacy instead of war is the right course of action to take.however
"a target employee in indiana has just gone viral for showing the utmost care
"republicans have revived an old and overused piece of right-wing trash in an effort to try to invalidate the unmitigated success of president obama s recent diplomatic victories with iran.the myth that they have dug back out of their closet is that ronald reagan freed american diplomats and citizens held hostage in iran
"another huge crowd of americans tuned in last week as the republicans held their latest fear-fest
"a police sergeant in st. paul
"when the black lives matter movement started gaining nationwide attention
"donald trump set tongues wagging with a tweet on monday promising a special guest scheduled to appear with him at campaign event in iowa on tuesday
"a new parody video from the gregory brothers shows a rendition of the 2016 state of the union we all wish could be real. in autotune
000 bottles of clean water to flint residents"
"for more than two weeks now
"you know how we can tell rand paul s campaign for president is out of money and out of hope?he produced a  cartoon  that attacks his former ally in the senate
"the british parliament conducted what can only be described as a  national celebrity roast  when they took up the petition signed by more than 500k britons
 obama: gas prices have plummeted to 47 cents a gallon in michigan"
"this just goes to show that you should always do your research before donating to a charity.despite being a charity that supposedly provides support to wounded military veterans and their families
"for the second time in the last ten days
"on sunday
"the film industry wants us to believe that it is liberal
 obama slaps him down"
"if there s one person that you don t want to mess with
"governor greg abbott of texas recently traveled to israel to kiss the ring of bibi netanyahu. while there
"if there s one quality republican voters are looking for in a candidate
"liberals have been questioning the intelligence of tea partiers since the movement arrived on the national political scene complete with misspelled signs and idiotic conspiracy theories. their leaders include such great minds as michele bachman and ted cruz
 and he wants you to pay for it (video/tweets)"
"ann coulter will be wishing she had the chance for a second take after a bizarre interview
 breaks more laws – guess what the cops do (image)"
"just hours before the final democratic primary debate
 blames it on the tyrannical government"
"it s about time someone came out and said it directly. one of the moderators from the recent cnn debate
"there are seldom those moments in life that seem so poetic
"on january 17
"while much of the nation s attention has been focused on the horrors of the water crisis in flint
 says trump is something he saw at a zoo once"
"during an interview on cnn s state of the union on sunday
 michigan is absolutely incredible"
 trump unloads on ted cruz: ‘nobody likes him’ (video)"
"conservatives and republicans love to claim that martin luther king
"ted cruz got his ass handed to him on fox news sunday for calling president obama weak because he hasn t carpet bombed the middle east out of existence.it was not a good time to be ted cruz during his appearance on fox with host chris wallace. throughout the interview
"the republican candidates continue to sink to newer lows on a daily basis. after ted cruz denigrated the people of new york by accusing donald trump of having  new york values
 and it’s not what you think"
"if you listen to senator marco rubio
"while republicans continue to reveal their true colors by openly complaining about the release of american prisoners in iran
"filmmaker michael moore
"montel williams took republicans to the woodshed on saturday for putting american lives in danger by criticizing the iran prisoner swap.it was a gesture that iran did not have to take. after all
"if you haven t heard by now
"new york city officer matthew langone sure does love his instagram account. it is also the reason he is now facing an investigation.while off duty
"president obama carried out his annual youtube interview on friday and revealed what he carried around with him each and every day inside his pockets. while normally what s in a person s pockets might be self-explanatory (i.e.
"self-proclaimed  fiscal-conservative  tim allen cracked a joke about president obama at the conclusion of the show last man standing on friday
"once again
"donald trump practically got booed off the stage talking to a bunch of tea party activists on saturday after he started talking about ted cruz in a negative light. shortly after getting a taste of his own medicine (i.e. throwing people out of his events
"way back in 1998
"ever since president obama made history with a groundbreaking nuclear disarmament deal with iran
 there will be ‘bloody
"iran is fulfilling their obligations under the nuclear deal reached with the obama administration
"rep. mo brooks (r-al)   a congressman who at one time cracked jokes about shooting undocumented immigrants   has recently called president barack obama out for being  the most racially-divisive president  america s had since slavery.brooks
"when the bundy moron militia decided to illegally occupy the malheur federal wildlife reserve in oregon
"for months now
 here’s what that means for flint"
"the release of americans being held prisoner in iran comes as welcome news to most patriotic citizens
"the president s saturday morning address is chock-full of good news for working class americans. unemployment is at the lowest it s been since before bush tanked the economy. with 70 straight months of job growth
"if there s one thing that conservatives and fox news want more than anything
"the armed militants occupying federal property in oregon still haven t been arrested   but they are absolutely continuing to do damage. unsatisfied with tearing down fences and building roads
"on saturday
"republicans have once again been made to look like the fools they are as iran releases the washington post reporter they attempted to use as a bargaining chip in an effort to sabotage president obama s nuclear deal.president obama must have been laughing hysterically this morning after news broke of iran finally releasing washington post reporter jason rezaian and several others
 but we’re staying because u.s. is a republic (video)"
"oregon rep. peter defazio took federal authorities to the woodshed on the house floor over their failure to do their job and arrest the armed terrorists led by ammon bundy.as you probably already know
"for the last two weeks
"an unknown man saw some children playing on the side of a street with toy guns. this normally would be no big deal. it happens all across the nation more times than can be counted every day. however
"they say karma s a bi*ch
"carly fiorina is going to be in a world of hurt for this one. hillary clinton s email  scandal  or whatever you want to call it
"the new movie about the attack on the u.s. facility in benghazi
"the short answer? i don t think so
"one really has to wonder why carly fiorina is still running for president. she s a failed ceo
000 flint residents"
 very bad news"
"a rhode island city official has resigned after she was caught dressing up a male middle aged bus driver as a little old lady to  prove  how well her snow shoveling program was helping senior citizens.apparently unable to find a single real senior citizen to fill out her press conference
"fox news blowhard bill o reilly really doesn t want the future to give us a president bernie sanders. that s no surprise; after all
"wayne lapierre has a way about him that defines  a**hole.  maybe it s the condescending look his beady little eyes get from behind those frameless glasses. maybe it s the tone in his voice as he declares that the tens of thousands of u.s. gun deaths since his tenure began have nothing to do with guns.or maybe we all remember his impassioned call for more guns in our schools after 20 1st graders were gunned down on one of the coldest days in american history.no matter the reason you may despise wayne lapierre
"republican presidential hopeful mike huckabee
"to hear conservatives
"on friday
"if there s one thing you never do in life
"footage has been released of a leader of the republican national committee ranting for a full five minutes about the need for a rebellion against presidential candidates like donald trump. the video serves as evidence that it s not just liberals who know that conservatives are going to lose in 2016 with extremists like trump on the ticket.the star of the footage   holland redfield
 claims it was an ‘honest mistake’"
"if a debate is won according to who generates the most buzz
"president obama has done something that no other president has ever done on national television
"the world is now reporting zero cases of ebola
"david daleiden
"fox business held their second republican debate
 rick santorum asked people to ‘google’ him despite the frothy definition of his name (tweets)"
 fishermen vow to take back malheur (video)"
"they say karma s a bi*ch. it appears that at least two serious contenders for the republican nomination for the presidency may not be eligible to be president according to birthers. ted cruz was born in canada and marco rubio is being challenged as well. this week
"for americans
"senate democrats want republican senators to vote on some of gop frontrunner donald trump s racist policies
 mi: ten dead
"being a xenophobic bigot and a confirmed fascist wasn t enough for donald trump. he had to go and involve the children. these unfortunate little girls now get to go the rest of their lives knowing they sang a song of hate and fear in support of a man who embodies the absolute worst america has to offer.it may have been one thing had the song been a cute little ditty about trump and his family or a generic and non-offensive tune about america
"now
 obamacare isn’t killing jobs; in fact
"today s lesson in the horrors of how easily a person can obtain and legally carry a firearm come from   big surprise   texas. for two weeks now the lone star state has been imposing its ammosexuality on not just the residents who feel the need to keep an arsenal at home but on the college campus communities as well.that s right like it or not   and most colleges say  not
"president obama gave america a bit of the spirit of the 60 s back when he announced
"paul ryan sat down for an interview with usa today on wednesday. during the interview
"gop presidential candidate and religious right poster boy mike huckabee was confronted over his relationship with the duggar family and decided to browbeat an iowa voter for pointing out his dysfunctional relationship.the voter asked huckabee why he announced support for the duggar family
"we ve come a long way from the days of rampant stupidity concerning marijuana use. we used to believe in  reefer madness
"five republican presidential hopefuls are scheduled to speak at an ultra-conservative pastor s  religious freedom  event
"dear america
"texas christian pastor cindy jacobs stood in front of her trinity church congregation in cedar hill
"we ve never passed racist laws in this country
"politicians have been known to do a lot of things to get elected. they usually cater and pander to a group of people who they think will have the best chance at casting a vote in their favor. in the case of republican presidential candidate senator ted cruz
"rick scott is an absolutely horrible governor and literally gives zero f*cks about the people of florida   even babies. governor scott is being accused of eliminating health standards for children s heart surgery after a hospital donated $200
 bluster
"a house tea party republican declared that conservatives own christianity during an attack against president obama.in his moral defense of granting asylum to thousands of syrian refugees
"republican presidential candidate ted cruz (r-tx) secretly obtained a loan from the big pockets of financial giant goldman sachs
"it really doesn t get more pathetic than the folks over at westboro baptist church in topeka
"we recently saw the heartbreaking plea of 15-year-old ashlie presley
"you might ve noticed that donald trump didn t really care for president obama s final state of the union address. during the address
"jacksonville
"the republican party is an absolute mess and we re starting to reap the benefits.while the gop has spent obama s entire presidency attempting to do nothing to help the country
"when a president says one of his main goals is to cure a disease that has killed millions and is one of the main causes of death in the united states
"try as they may
"christian extremists in oregon are dragging the nation back to the dark days of jim crow laws and cross-burning
 what happens next restores faith in humanity (video)"
 donald trump’s 4th-grader response to obama’s ‘zero f*cks left’ state of the union (tweets)"
"during last night s state of the union
"the planned right-wing extremist event paul revere 2016 final march to restore america hit a snag on monday when one of the organizers was shot dead. no
"much like all of his other speeches
"david fry is a self-titled  computer expert  that has joined the bundy occupation at the malheur national wildlife refuge in oregon. he is also a huge fan of adolf hitler and supports isis.a post that fry made to his google+ account read as follows: all i want for christmas is for isis to nuke israelhell! source: opb.orgwhen asked by opb to explain why he supported isis and liked hitler
"the domestic terrorists currently occupying the malheur wildlife refuge in oregon sure are soft. as their occupation stretches out
 obama brings ‘em home (video)"
"rowan county clerk kim davis already had her five minutes of fame; her time is over and done with. or is it? at
"tuesday night
 the bad and the ugly aspects of obama’s latest presidential report card (image)"
"if there s one person in this entire nation who does not deserve a seat at the state of the union
 tries to spark war with iran in disgraceful interview (video)"
 and it’s wildly entertaining (video)"
"conservative christian lawmakers in virginia have gotten extremely pervy and filed a transphobic bill this week that would force schools to verify a child s genitals to ensure that they re using the restroom that agrees with their  correct anatomical sex. sponsored by republican del. mark cole
"recently
"rand paul and carly fiorina have recently received word that they have been left out of the next republican presidential debate   and one of them isn t taking it very well.thursday night s gop debate in north charleston
"last week
"it s no secret that the bundy militia s presence at the malheur national wildlife refuge in oregon is unpopular. even those who agree with the sentiments behind the right-wing armed occupation of the federal property feel that it s best for the wannabe cowboys to skedaddle. despite being offered a free pass out of the area
"trevor noah
 plans to charge him $70
 trump can only be president on a saturday night live skit (video)"
"the protest turned massacre at tiananmen square in beijing in 1989 is one of the defining moments of the 20th century. the world looked on as a young man jumped in front of a tank to stop its progress a day after the chinese military enforced martial law on civilian protesters. reports state anywhere from hundreds to thousands of civilians were killed with possibly tens of thousands more beaten
"vice president joe biden has nothing but glowing praise for democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders. biden
"laurence tribe
"donald trump made an appearance last night on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon when fallon informed the republican front-runner that he would be performing a mock interview with him for the presidency. the usually aggressive trump seemed mild mannered at times and appeared tired
"joe biden is as genuine as they come. for many
 office containing flint water records ‘broken into’"
"with the primaries getting closer and the choice for democratic nominee for president becoming a choice between vermont independent senator bernie sanders and former secretary of state hillary clinton
"the infamous conservative republican financiers charles and david koch had a family connection to the nazis
"when major changes happen
"short and easy quiz. which of these things is not like the other?1) a serial rapist who drugged dozens of women in order to forcibly have sex with them without their consent. 2) a serial adulterer who had  sexual relations  with consenting women. 3) hillary clinton.if you answered  none of these things are like any of the others
"fox news invited blogger crystal wright onto fox and friends monday morning to remind america just how dangerous the democratic party is for americans   especially if you re african american.wright
"when the right-wing terrorists took over the malheur national wildlife preserve
 says nobody wants to woo her (tweet)"
"instead of respectfully attending president obama s final state of the union address like other republican nominees
"modern day culture is far from what it used to be. technology has taken over human contact and conversation
"the same group of people who believed fox when the network was telling them president obama was a kenyan are now rushing to drain their bank accounts for lottery tickets after some characteristically stupid financial advice on fox and friends.while fox was covering the record-breaking $1.4 billion lottery jackpot that has the entire country seeing dollar signs
 and ted cruz is going to be devastated"
"a few days after christmas in 1992
"david duke is perhaps one of the most notorious grand wizards of the ku klux klan alive today. he also had quite a bit to say about maine governor paul lepage s recent racist rant. lepage suggested that black drug dealers are coming into his state and selling drugs
"fox news host
"on nbc s meet the press
"while the enormous sense of loss the world experienced upon learning of legendary pop icon david bowie s passing from cancer at 69 has been understandably hard to accept
"when cliven bundy was engaged in an armed standoff against federal authorities in 2014 on his nevada ranch
"being a resident of the beautiful state of maine myself
 david bowie saw america’s dark future"
"let s face it
"it s pretty much a well-known fact that real estate mogul
"if the current national republican presidential front-runner donald trump wins the iowa caucuses
"president obama is using his final state of the union address to spike the ball on some of the accomplishments he has been able to achieve in the two terms of his presidency. as evidence of those achievements
"let s face it
"after her step-father began beating her mother
"for some time now
 calls him out for attracting all the racist idiots (video)"
"last week
"arthur laffer
"a liberal from massachusetts recently attended a trump rally in the city of lowell and decided to give us all an inside look into the circus that is the donald show by live tweeting the entire time he was there  and it was brilliant.daniel danger wrote an article about his january 4
 guess who they let speak instead"
"charles koch
"the water crisis in flint is not just simply a man-made disaster
"folks
"donald trump has crossed another line that should disqualify him from running for president.during a speech to a crowd in ottumwa
"the adversity that former congresswoman gabby giffords (d-az) has had to overcome is nothing short of breathtaking. after being shot in the head during a meet and greet with her constituents five years ago
 gay couple featured at nhl game (video)"
"just when we thought the situation with the bundy militia in oregon couldn t get any worse
"most of us don t know what it s like to be homeless
"since at least september
"deandre williams suffers from a disability which causes him to walk with a limp. because of his condition
"jon ritzheimer
"with the standoff in oregon ongoing
"according to the independent
"during a  cruzin  to the caucus  campaign event in iowa on thursday night
 and anti-vaxxers are super pissed about it (image)"
000 of his own money (video
"ammon bundy and his wayward crew of temper tantrum-throwing white guys with guns are now claiming that god talked to them and told them to seize the federal wildlife refuge.on friday
"in the first year of president obama s term in office
"conservatives alongside right-wing media outlets are trying desperately to spin the gun debate in their favor. they know that the majority of americans support president obama s executive actions on guns
"kentucky republicans have decided to put the profits of a creationist museum ahead of the education of their state s children
"if anything should tell the militia terrorists occupying the malheur wildlife refuge in oregon that it is time for them to give this ridiculous  occupation  up
000 a week during ‘indefinite’ standoff"
"it s not often that the stupidity of a racist has layers. typically a slur is aimed at a minority that is easily recognizable
"yesterday
000% more expensive in america than in india – and you can blame the u.s. government for it"
"oregon public broadcasting just busted the bundy militia using government computer systems and accessing federal employee data within the malheur national wildlife refuge.in a rather serendipitous occurrence
 ‘do you have a bomb?’ (video)"
"donald trump has managed to attract the most racist and islamophobic of american voters. that was all on display in rock hill
"elizabeth warren may not be in the spotlight as often as she used to be
"there s something stirring in the deep south that is reminiscent of when the south decided they were going to throw a hissy fit and secede from the union for not being allowed to own people as property. some states feel that they shouldn t have to follow federal law and believe states  rights supersede the laws of the federal government.texas governor greg abbott (r)
"ted cruz again showed that his campaign is weirder than previous conservative republican efforts by publicly fantasizing about spanking former secretary of state hillary clinton.cruz revealed his spanking fantasy while rehashing the favored conservative conspiracy theory about clinton doing something nefarious with her emails. in this iteration
"as you re probably aware already
 fraud
"jeb bush just unveiled a key component of his welfare reform package. the republican presidential candidate wants to completely scrap the federal supplemental nutrition assistance program (food stamps)
"taya kyle
 proving why conservatives aren’t funny (video)"
"on thursday night
"a north dakota man was arrested wednesday after having driven to washington
"the nra has an army of puritanical
"trevor noah and the daily show had a field day with the feud between donald trump and ted cruz in one of the funniest segments of 2016 thus far.birtherism has come back to haunt the tea party in a big way as their favored candidate is now dealing with the fact that unlike president obama
"an officer at a cleveland school has come under fire after he posted a status on facebook that called the mother of slain tamir rice a  stupid b*tch  and made vile
"after the release of making a murderer by netflix
 then see if you buy his excuse (video)"
"today
"georgia marshall has had just about enough of the white privilege performance art masquerading as a patriotic revolt against the tyranny of something something evil gub mint! ever since the bundy terrorists seized a wildlife refuge in harney county
"president obama held a cnn televised town hall meeting on guns in america on thursday night
"republican front runner donald trump has revealed a truly insidious  first day in the white house.  his number 1 priority? removing  gun-free zones  from schools.to much of the world
"it seems donald trump s cruelty knows no bounds
"the domestic terrorists who are holed up in the federal building of an oregon wildlife refuge get more ridiculous by the day. perhaps the most bizarre scene from this insanity yet has been a guy who is sitting in the middle of a vacant lot underneath a blue tarp with nothing but his penis extension rifle for comfort. of course
 about that ‘stand down’ order in benghazi from hillary– it never happened (video)"
"ben carson may be the dumbest person ever to perform brain surgery. he has proven time and time again that he has no clue on matters of simple science issue
"you have to love the republican party. they call themselves the party of  family values.  they hold themselves to a  higher moral standard.  they think they are spiritually superior because they statistically go to church more often than democrats. all of those things
"president obama got real and raw with cnn s anderson cooper during a televised town hall meeting on gun violence..@potus addresses the ""conspiracy"" that ""we are creating a plot to take everybody's guns""    cnn (@cnn) january 8
"on monday
"worst governor in the united states paul lepage (r-of course) has said and done some truly reprehensible things during his time in office
 muslim?"
"once again pro-gun forces in america are trying to intimidate anyone trying to reduce gun violence   even the president himself.ahead of president obama s town hall about his executive action to reduce gun violence
 but we assure you it is not"
"harney county resident jarvis kennedy has a message for the out-of-state terrorists who have taken over oregon s malheur national wildlife refuge.  get the hell out of here. mr. kennedy
"mike huckabee is fed up with evangelical  christians  and threw a temper tantrum because they won t support his run for president.the republican presidential wannabe aired his grievances with conservative  christians  during an interview with fox host todd starnes
"two completely peaceful protesters were attacked and forcefully escorted from a donald trump rally on monday after loyal supporters realized their signs were pro-obama and anti-trump.the rally in lowell
 is caught joining yallqaeda"
 a chisel
"when it comes to the safety of our drinking water that comes out of our taps
"trevor noah has been criticized for not taking on fox news as much as jon stewart used to do
 and it’s glorious (image/video)"
"ladies and gentleman
"gun enthusiasts across the country have been expressing their rage over president obama s common sense attempts to close the  gun show loophole  and make america safer by keeping firearms out of the hands of people who should not have them   like those who would start shooting up a building because they are displeased with the idea of keeping children safe from violent criminals.ever since obama announced his planned executive action on guns
"the black residents of dothan
"earlier this year
"two of the men involved in the armed standoff in oregon have been caught falsely claiming to have served in the marines. an investigation shows the two have committed stolen valor. one of the men
"a new analysis by the tax foundation
 nra? (video)"
"it s no secret that senator john mccain hates ted cruz. although he has tried to hide it by repeatedly calling the republican presidential candidate a  friend
"democratic national committee chairwoman rep. debbie wasserman-schultz has been under a tremendous amount of fire lately for what some democrats perceive as a vendetta against senator bernie sanders. liberals have accused the dnc chair of  fixing  the primary in hillary clinton s favor and there have been many calls for her to step aside. now
"for seven years there s been several folks
"the bundy brothers and their militia continue to play patriots at an oregon wildlife reserve
"michael moore has joined others in calling for u.s. attorney general loretta lynch to investigate michigan s republican governor rick snyder for not preventing lead from contaminating the city of flint s water system. moore was born and raised in flint
"federal authorities have no intention of killing the bundy brothers and their traitorous followers. they d rather arrest them and put them behind bars.thus far
"when we think of school shootings
 probably wishes she had practiced abstinence now"
"apparently the only thing the national rifle association and the white house can agree on is that president obama would smoke them in a debate on gun control.cnn extended an invitation to the nra
"professor larycia alaine hawkins upset administrators at wheaton college when she donned a headscarf last month to show solidarity with the muslim community in the wake of anti-islamic sentiment across the country. wheaton college
"it s no secret that nra executive vice president wayne lapierre is totally fricking nuts. unfortunately for him
"one would think that to hold a position like chief justice of the alabama supreme court you would have to know a thing or two about the law. justice roy moore
"last saturday
"a 10-year-old girl s awful experience with a tsa agent is now making national headlines after she was forced to undergo an inappropriately long and invasive pat down.vendela payne had been traveling back home to california with her family when she was stopped by a tsa agent at the raleigh-durham international airport in north carolina. vendela had accidentally left a capri sun drink in her bag as she went through the security line and was flagged for further screening   which is when her travel experience changed drastically.removed from her family
"gun nuts are a strange breed. they are paranoid
"while it s often difficult to notice
 and they’re too stupid to notice (video)"
"in a glorious segment on the late show
"on tuesday s edition of  the nightly show
"either ammon bundy himself or a clever imposter has taken twitter   and the media   by storm. the head of the oregon moron militia
"try to picture a place where gun control is real   where people can sit in a coffee shop without worrying that a lunatic is going to start indiscriminately shooting people. imagine you didn t have to worry about the safety of your children when they got on that school bus. conjure an image where things are peaceful enough that most of the police don t even carry guns
"paul krugman asks a simple question about why white (conservative) people who fly into a rage always seem to do so over really stupid things:something that strikes me
"the situation with the bundy ranchers and their heavily armed right-wing militia s occupation of a federal building on a wildlife reserve in oregon is escalating. the federal government is planning to take steps to end their ridiculous occupation
"some political pundits have been unable to describe how donald trump manages to maintain his popularity. with his escalating hateful rhetoric
"do you remember the time that republicans thought automotive companies should be allowed to go bankrupt? they seem to have forgotten all about that.house republicans are set to give a big wet kiss to volkswagen in the form of a bailout that will prevent them from being sued by over 500
"here we go
"talk show legend montel williams is a conservative
"donald trump appeared on fox news on monday night
"donald trump has revived the birther conspiracy theory
"ted cruz is promoting the work of a birther filmmaker who has created a bizarre youtube video that casts the right-wing texas senator as the hero of the star wars movies. cruz s campaign pushed a link featuring the video in a blast email to supporters: in honor of the latest star wars movie
 you’re attacking all women"
"a florida two-year-old is in critical condition after he shot himself in the face monday night while playing with his  responsible  gun-owning  grandfather s unattended gun. wftv reports that the unnamed child was riding in his grandfather s pickup truck when grandpa parked and ran inside the family s home
"just about every day
"according to an open letter addressed to the  oregon terrorists
"as they say
"anyone who watched barack obama break into tears as he spoke of the 20 children and six adults murdered at sandy hook elementary can tell that the president is a man who truly feels for the victims of gun violence   anyone
 disabled black man (video)"
"republican presidential hopeful ben carson was confronted by an lgbt activist on monday evening about the retired neurosurgeon s previous remarks that gay people have made the choice to be gay   and luckily the awkward encounter was recorded on camera and posted by abc news.carson had been meeting with supporters at a town hall meeting in staten island. as he posed for pictures
"for years now
"as president obama rolls out executive orders to strengthen background checks to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people
"president obama could not hold back the tears while discussing the excessive amount of lives lost over the years at the hands of guns during his press conference on tuesday. in what is perhaps one of his most emotional speeches in recent memory
"working in the service industry can really be a test
"to the modern conservative  revolutionary
"in case you haven t heard
"trevor noah compared the excitement of the people of texas over the new open-carry law to men celebrating their homosexuality at a gay pride parade. texans already could carry hand guns but had to conceal their weapons. now they could simply be open about it.he said: you see
"even the crankiest section of america s right wing is starting to sense that the armed take over of the oregon refuge is creating some bad press for their movement. but instead of questioning the values that led them there
"the trump campaign is busy attempting to clean up the mess after politifact exposed an incident of gross misrepresentation in its first tv ad.during the 30-second ad which was released monday
"with the republican primaries less then a month away
"in 1972
"in an amazing take down of cliven bundy s terrorist spawn
"how much money does it take for a foreign nation to buy a united states senator? just ask republican tom cotton.for a lousy $1 million paycheck
"one of the largest environmental disasters in american history is happening right now
"president obama isn t lying down and playing dead as the nra and their congressional lackeys allow guns to proliferate across america at an alarming pace. in the first month of his last full year in office
"ammon bundy
"one of the ringleaders of the terror-minded militia group who are illegally occupying a national park service building got a six figure loan from the government   the same government that they accuse of being a despotic
 want you to send via u.s. mail"
"if there s one couple that republicans love to attack
"during an interview with a bbc live host
"it s no secret that conservatives believe with all of their hearts that serious
"as soon as the news spread that there was some kind of a  takeover  of federal land combined with the name  bundy
"most republican lawmakers have remained silent with regard to the armed right-wing terrorist takeover of a federal building in oregon   but not tennessee state rep. andy holt.despite that this group of yee-hawdists made tear-filled  goodbye  videos in case they died in a shootout with the army
 gets arrested with his pants down – literally"
"there are seldom people in life that you can honestly say are solidly good people
 just needs welfare check first"
"donald trump has singled out many people during his campaign
"conspiracy theories aren t something i take seriously very often. the type of people who engage in conspiracy theories spend their time on alex jones  site talking about false flags and how mass shootings are a hoax. fourteen years later
 says government can endorse religion"
"well that didn t take long at all did it? 2016 is only a few days old and already republicans have vowed to do everything in their power to continue screwing america. why? because they re absolutely spineless and don t want to make the tea party mad. seriously
"it s a new year. for many of us
 starts monitoring oregon militia terrorists"
"paul krugman
"nyc s only chick-fil-a restaurant got shut down on dec 30th after appalling sanitary and food safety violations were discovered in not one   but two back-to-back health inspections. rather than thanking god for sending an inspector
 and it’s worse than we imagined (video)"
"after going to all the trouble of leaving their bunkers that are stocked with toilet paper and bullets
"thus far
"the national rifle association may be in violation of federal law
"if anyone questions whether or not the bundy-led right-wing terrorists who violently took over  a federal building in oregon are actually violent terrorists
"a republican lawmaker in new hampshire showed up to one of hillary clinton s town hall events in the state on sunday and apparently thought it would be smart to heckle mrs. clinton. bad idea. not only did it not work out as planned
"the lack of respect for the office of the president of the united states from republicans is utterly appalling. no matter who the president is
"they re calling them  y all qaeda.  it s all at once appropriate and ridiculous. the fact that a group of armed traitors are occupying a federal building at the malheur national wildlife refuge shouldn t be treated as a cute internet meme
"people have been quick to point out that there is a clear double standard in the media and people s attitudes regarding the armed occupation of the malheur wildlife refuge headquarters in oregon. cnn law enforcement analyst art roderick gave a blatant example of this double standard when he appeared on a broadcast of cnn s
"the lieutenant governor of texas
"president barack obama has recently announced that he will be issuing executive orders on guns after a series of horrific attacks involving firearms. predictably
"during a segment on abc s this week
"a young man recorded himself as he maliciously abused a young woman
"just days after forsaking her stanford cardinals by supporting the iowa hawkeyes in the rose bowl to pander for votes
"in a new poll that asked americans to comment on their anger issues
 our founders explicitly wrote against insurrection"
"when the tense standoff between federal agents and a group of right-wing extremists at cliven bundy s ranch ended in a stalemate
"hours after right-wing militia members committed treason against the united states
 gop silenced"
"donald trump s insane ways are no longer surprising but have become very predictable. he rung in the new year with yet more trump negativity and the usual antics we ve all become accustomed to. unabashed
"a 43-year-old man with a surgically implanted bionic penis is set to actually use it  for the first time. mohammed abad
"we all rely on the media every day to know what s going on in our world. many media sources these days have an opinion informing the content they provide
"the racists came out in full force when jimmy kimmel put up a minute of video that is too outstanding to ignore. in a segment called
"last year
"a video of a terrified and previously abused puppy being shown love for the first time by her handler has captured the hearts and minds of many. the puppy
"having stayed close to the obama family for both of president barack obama s terms
"a donald trump supporter came up with the worst idea ever when he got it into his head that it would be a good idea to try to heckle bernie sanders at a massachusetts campaign rally. clearly he did not know what he was getting himself into.the heckler was wearing a trump shirt
"right-wing pundits on fox and friends this week went on a little tirade about the rules of twitter and how unfair they are to conservatives. host clayton morris joined national review writer katherine timf in shredding twitter s  abusive behavior policy
"it s undeniable that donald trump is a giant asshat. his entire campaign built upon the exploitation of american conservatives  racism
"on december 9
"it s hard to believe that racism is still a key issue in a city with one of the highest african american populations in america
"let s just say that if you consider being white the best thing about yourself
"you can always count on local newscasters to make complete asses of themselves
"it s been just about seven years since the official founding of the tea party movement. weird
"when texas governor greg abbott said that texans should  be tolerant  of anyone they see with a handgun in light of the state s recent decision to allow concealed carry permit holders to openly display their sidearms
"on december 10
"new e-mails obtained by media outlets show that there was coordination between the chicago police department
"it pays well to be a failed right-wing candidate. sarah palin
 who refuses to vote for him (audio)"
 one left to face charges as family of drunken gun collector fight over laundry"
"if someone were to ask regular people on the street how they would wake up a sleeping person
"it turns out that the individual who bought the anti-trump sky ads at the rose bowl is a supporter of trump s rival for the republican nomination. that person happens to be luther stan pate iv
"it s the beginning of the new year
 reminds voters of brother’s awful record (video/tweets)"
"it has been sixteen years since the american economy has added as many jobs as it added in 2015. economic observers believe
"during another one of his seemingly made-up-as-he-goes stump speeches
"garret wayman
"in an effort to prepare his supporters for the upcoming republican primary
 leaves her for dead"
"a democratic senator decided to close out 2015 by raising a strong awareness of just how bad america s gun violence problem is. senator chris murphy (d-ct) made a list of every mass shooting
"on december 26
"after hillary clinton made the argument that donald trump s hateful rants against muslims were fueling islamic terrorism recruitment during a recent debate
"there are a lot of ways to express your disfavor of a presidential candidate. however
 marco rubio makes promise to destroy america again (video)"
"the fracking industry has given the state of oklahoma a new claim to fame that no one in oklahoma wanted. in 2015
"pastafarianism is a fairly new religion. its adherents are atheistic in belief
"a bunch of the nra s  responsible gun owners  in florida rang in the new year with gunfire   something that had a very negative impact on at least one little girl s ability to enjoy herself. as she was leaving an orlando church just after midnight
"a leon circuit judge in florida has adopted a map of florida senate districts that is a huge win for voter s rights groups and a crushing blow to one of the most heinously corrupt political systems in the country. florida registered democrats outnumber republicans. the state has a history of pulling off wins for democrats like barack obama and al gore. the latter is proof of what the state is also famous for.florida has a sad history of voter suppression. college students and new residents turned away because they either kept their home state license or hadn t switched it yet. it was ok to register
 twitter eviscerates him (tweets)"
"president obama began the new year of 2016 with a video asking for the nation s help in fighting one of its biggest problems: gun violence.in his weekly presidential address obama ran through the accomplishments of his administration from 2009 to present
"you probably can recall the huge diplomatic mess that republicans made last year
 20 staffers quit"
"according to the hill
"if we protect every other government building or public venue with armed guards
"ami horowitz is fantastic! check out this man on the street effort to see how much snowflakes know about what they profess to support. have the democrats gone so far to the left that they can t tell the difference between their party platform and that of the communists? it s an eyeopener!if you haven t seen ami horowitz before
"just one more reminder of why president trump chose the no-nonsense general john kelly to be his chief of staff on thursday
"thank goodnesss jeff sessions is moving on finding out what went on behind the scenes to acquire fisa warrants. in other words
"the gop presidential candidate who couldn t seem to find his spine when he had the perfect opportunity to stop barack obama from serving a second term
"john podesta is hillary clinton s former campaign chairman so you know he s a dirty bird. that s why this is such a fun video to watch. podesta had a brutal exchange on cbs s  face the nation  on sunday when asked about the campaign s failure to focus on so-called  purple states  in 2016.host nancy cordes noted that an indictment handed down by special counsel robert mueller on friday showed that russian operatives who meddled in the election appeared to realize the importance of focusing on those battleground contests. then she goes in for the kill with this question: but it does beg the question
"eag news  a wyoming high school is under fire after parents exposed an online student quiz that offered  shooting at trump  as one of the multiple choice answers.an unidentified english teacher at jackson hole high school gave students a multiple choice quiz on thursday about george orwell s novel  animal farm  that included a question that many are pointing to as an example of the district s  liberal bias
"a longtime republican party donor based in florida vowed not to contribute any more money to candidates or electioneering groups until they pass legislation banning the sale of assault weapons to civilians.al hoffman jr.
"we reported that maxine waters and members of the cbc met with louis farrakhan but we now know that she also was a guest at farrakhan s nation of islam convention! louis farrakhan and his nation of islam are as un-american and hateful as you can get. they are anti-semites and believe that whites are inherently inferior. farrakhan often preaches hate for the west and for whites and jews.notice how maxine waters in the red is greeted by farrakhan at the 3:40 mark:daily caller reports:democratic california rep. maxine waters attended a nation of islam convention where the hate group s leader
" we took a very hard look at these numbers
"there s been a lot of talk about the ads russians paid for on facebook that affected the outcome of our 2016 presidential election. here are the majority of the ads facebook released to congress
"facebook s vp of advertising took to twitter to set the record straight about ads that were run on facebook and were paid for by russians.  rob goldman tweeted about how the media has been trying to promote a false narrative about how the russians interfered in the 2016 presidential election
"it clear that common sense isn t what these hens want to hear. common sense would tell anyone that the fbi dropped the ball with the florida shooter. watch as meghan mccain is shut down after making the best argument for how the florida shooting could have been avoided:meghan mccain got cut off on  the view  friday after telling her co-hosts that the florida school shooter was  flagged by the fbi  and nothing happened.the comment came during a discussion about gun control following the deadly shooting wednesday in parkland
"the hero football coach who threw himself between students and the florida school shooter was little brother to michael connell jr.coach aaron feis and his brother michael graduated years before from marjory stoneman douglas high school. aaron came back and was employed as a football coach and security guard. michael spoke to the kansas city star about how brave his brother was and how he was  a man of character :source: brother of coach who died in fl shooting speaks by kshbconnell broke down when he was shown the cartoon below:the picture depicts aaron being greeted by the children and other victims of past school shootings.this is a heartbreaking cartoon about gun violence and aaron feis
 after saying she’d boycott white house if she won medal"
 the anti defamation league and media used fake information to publish huge lie about high school killer’s ties to “white nationalist”"
"according to fox news  a federal grand jury on friday indicted 13 russians and three russian companies for allegedly interfering in the 2016 presidential election
" president trump visits florida hospital
"while the left points the finger at guns
 bernie sanders: 18 school shootings have not happened this year!"
"tucker carlson weighed in on the hysteria over gun control and where the blame lies for the school shooting in florida. the left has grabbed onto this story with an iron fist and won t let go. they are beating to death the theory that less guns means less crime. not so fast! look at the city of chicago! tucker carlson calls them out on their lies: let s stop lying about this. the calls we are hearing today for gun control have nothing to do with protecting americans from violence. what you re witnessing is a kind of class war. the left hates rural america
"just what we need another trump-bashing rino. carpetbagger mitt romney is trying yet another run at getting elected for something. his track record isn t so great but he just announced his run for senator of utah. his first ad released this morning takes a swipe at president trump s immigration policy to put americans first. notice how he says  immigrants . well
"when it gets down to it
 “that can only come from a fisa court”"
"the heartbreaking story of two parents who put their leftist ideology before their own son the parents of gop senate candidate kevin nicholson have maxed out their campaign contributions to the democrat he s challenging
"abc news  when two marjory stoneman douglas high school students and junior reserve officers  training corps (jrotc) captains heard gunshots after training with cadets
"the mainstream media is guilty of fake news when it serves their desired narrative. in this case
 stammers and calls usda the department of education [video]"
"wqow -a lacrosse
"how could the senate be so lame in their effort to produce an immigration bill? a senator ted cruz put it
"who better than a former police officer to understand that more guns equals better protection and less crime:south carolina could move away from the folly of  gun free zones  if one pro-second amendment state lawmaker has his way  fits news reports:state representative mike pitts of laurens
"rapper jay-z attended the peace walk & peace talk in miami gardens last weekend. he elevated trayvon martin s name alongside those of spiritual leaders like martin luther king jr. and mahatma gandhi .say what???thank you jay-z for showing up for trayvon martin s family for so many years. it means the world to them that you have supported them throughout their journey. pic.twitter.com/m9nbcihaw5  michael skolnik (@michaelskolnik) february 10
"yesterday
"we ve been covering the curious case of doj official bruce ohr and his wife nellie ohr what they did is so corrupt and underhanded! nellie worked for the opposition research firm hired by the democrats to get dirt on trump (see below). her husband would take whatever nellie produced about trump and hand it over to the fbi! unreal! this should be jail time because of the omission of the conflict of interest being an ethics violation. so far
"as 2017 comes to a close
"a coordinated effort to spew anti-trump propaganda by reporters from cnn and abc has us pretty disgusted. we previously reported on a cnn reporter (see below) who said pretty much verbatim what matthew dowd of abc just said:abc reporter matthew dowd:.@matthewjdowd: ""our moral authority in the world has been drastically diminished
"barbra streisand was an obama sycophant and one of the corrupt clinton s most loyal fans. she is also part of the hollywood liberal  resistance  movement. much like rosie o donnell
"everyone suspected the sketchy steele dossier was what corrupt fbi and doj officials used to get the october 2016 fisa warrant against trump. fbi and doj officials refuse to answer that question publicly.rep ron desantis (r-fl) said in a statement: we now know that the so-called steele dossier was paid for by the democratic party in an effort to gin up negative information regarding then-candidate trump. what the american people deserve to know is whether the information compiled by steele on the democrats  dime was used by the obama administration to obtain approval to conduct surveillance against trump associates. the fbi has stonewalled producing these documents for months and their production shouldn t be limited to closed door viewing by a small number of members of congress. the trump administration should immediately declassify all the documents used to obtain surveillance warrants against trump or his associates. immediately after his inauguration
"it s been said that good fences make good neighbors. but in aspen
"this would be a laugh a minute except for the fact that millions actually listen to this guy the most recent ramblings from u2 s bono are a litany of lefty talking points that you ve heard a million times. social justice yada
"friday on msnbc
"the trump administration on friday announced the united states will deny pakistan military aid amounting to $255 million as it expects islamabad to take decisive action  against terrorists and militants on its soil . the united states does not plan to spend the $255 million in fy 2016 in foreign military financing for pakistan at this time
"#jokenewsafter record
"the conservative 45committee is out with a new video
"a week after president trump endorsed ron desantis for florida governor via twitter
"the video below is one of the highlights from the protests last year. protesters at the university of washington were firmly reminded that their shouting in a library was not appreciated. this is epic!about two dozen social justice warriors gathered in the normally quiet zone
"thanks to the persistence of judicial watch
"american workers have suffered tremendously with the outsourcing of jobs to foreign workers. the h-1b visa program has scr@wed over americans with decades of experience in jobs. american workers are forced to train their foreign replacements adding insult to injury for the american workers being laid off.many of the workers are threatened that they will lose their payout if they break a gag order. one of the most famous cases of an employee who didn t take a payout so he could speak up is from a disney worker. the emotional testimony below is exhibit one of why this visa program is so horrible:american workers sue foreign company: american workers suing an india-based outsourcing firm accused of discriminating against its u.s.-born employees
"cnn s brian stelter called out  fox & friends  for doing a  disservice to viewers
" persuasion is so important the resistance has to become a church a church that seeks converts huh??? this guy is allowed to spew his propaganda like he s an expert on americans. unreal! did anyone else out there have to listen to that a few times to let it sink in?american mirror reports:despite trump s obvious successes implementing campaign promises like tax cuts
"the left continues to prove to all of us that they are a twisted bunch. how is the protest filmed below going to persuade any voter to turn away from president trump?a protester who may have an incurable case of trump derangement syndrome shouted at a animatronic lookalike of the president in front of a room full of children at the happiest place on earth.the ugly meltdown occurred in the hall of presidents at disney world on wednesday.i protested @realdonaldtrump at the #hallofpresidents cuz i'll never get this close in real life probs. #lockhimup pic.twitter.com/jkoqshidz8  earnest gay thoughts (@jaymalsky) december 27
"the u.n. voted against america moving our embassy to jerusalem
"it s a rare occasion when a hollywood legend defends president trump. the director of blockbuster hits like  alien  and  blade runner  just came out in support of president trump s tax overhaul. it s ironic that it was during a presser for his new movie  all the money in the world . is he just pandering to audiences who have turned away from hollywood? will he be shunned by the hollywood elites now that he s gone against the grain? after five decades of directing
"i noted that this individual came toward me and took a picture. i heard later that she might have said  i know who she is.  since this was not any fault of mine
"democrat governor andrew cuomo just pardoned 18 illegals who were facing immigration enforcement actions because of prior criminal charges. he says his pardon was based on their rehabilitation efforts. cuomo blasted what he called president trump s  hard-line  immigration efforts. is following the rule of law a  hard line ?in september of last year cuomo signed an executive order ignoring immigration law?yesterday new york governor andrew cuomo signed an executive order barring law enforcement officials from inquiring about the citizenship status of suspects during investigations. it would also apply to other state agencies outside of law enforcement in most cases. in other words
 doj: “off the rails!” [video]"
"ap news  the regulars amble in before dawn and claim their usual table
"we have to agree that the left is suffering from trump derangement because just about anything the potus does is met with derision from the democrats. there is no middle ground but only division that continues with the leaders of the left stirring the pot. think about it. without the division
"please see our previous report below on the mccain institute associate who has now been subpoenaed by the house intel committee. david j. kramer was in hot water before for the same reason the intel committee is now issuing a subpoena:he was previously subpoenaed by the lawyers for a russian tech executive suing buzzfeed. the guy just refuses to give out any information on sources for the  dirty  dossier. this raises the question of if there were sources that were fictional and were used just to build a fake case against trump. president trump just tweeted out that the dossier is a  pile of garbage . could it be that this  pile of garbage  was used to make the case for a fisa warrant to spy on potus  the plot thickens on this one the daily caller reports: the house intelligence committee has issued a subpoena for an associate of arizona sen. john mccain s who revealed last week that he knows the names of the russian sources used in former british spy christopher steele s infamous dossier.a congressional source tells the daily caller that california rep. devin nunes issued the subpoena on wednesday for david j. kramer
 jenna fischer
"sarah sanders is great at getting the white house press corps to hurry it up the supercut below shows the tactics used by this superstar to keep the wild press in line:go sarah!one of our all time favorites was a rare occasion when sarah wasn t  finished :sarah huckabee sanders was hot today when she went off on cnn s jim acosta over the fake news that s been constant the past few days. jim acosta also would not be quiet so sanders had to get loud and forceful:  i m not finished  sanders was making a point about reporters making a mistake vs when they report fake news on purpose there is a big difference. there s a big difference between making honest mistakes and purposely misleading the american people something that happens regularly.    sarah huckabee sandersfox news insider reports:white house press secretary sarah sanders battled cnn reporter jim acosta
"according to the sun
"israel s transportation minister is pushing ahead with a plan to extend jerusalem s soon-to-open high-speed rail line to the western wall
 the guy riding up on the white horse” [video]"
"jean-marie simon
"the nfl announced tuesday that the final  sunday night football  game of the season has been canceled was it due to low attendance in previous weeks? well
"cnn s allyson camerota expressed her concern about how the tax breaks for americans will harm the democrats chances of winning in the mid-term elections with michigan s democrat congresswoman debbie dingell.camerota appeared somewhat panicked
"the senate waited until christmas to quietly release a report on how much was dolled out to settle workplace harassment claims. remember that you never approved this and they used your money to make the payments to accusers. the amount is $1.5 million. this needs to end. the senators  should pay for this on their own. it s just too easy to settle using someone else s money your money!via daily caller: as the christmas holiday weekend set in
"this is priceless! the video below shows just how out of control the left is when it comes to the corruption within the fbi and doj.when a republican lawmaker called for a  purge  of what he said are  deep state  elements within the fbi and justice department
"the stock market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. so many things accomplished by the trump administration
"jean-marie simon was a passenger on a flight from houston to washington d.c. and has accused united airlines of giving her first-class seat to u.s. rep. sheila jackson lee. d-houston. the flight attendant threatened to remove her from the plane for complaining and snapping a photo of the houston congresswoman:sheila jackson lee (d-texas) in seat 1a the one i paid for dearly
"while leading democrats wish hillary would just go away
"while we believe the un headquarters would make a great condo building (please see krauthammer video below)
"this is so funny but so infuriating! rep. sheila jackson lee apparently makes it a habit of bumping first class passengers on flights. she might think twice before doing it again after the angry woman she bumped took photos of lee enjoying the seat the passenger paid for. ouch!sheila jackson lee (d-texas) in seat 1a the one i paid for dearly
"president trump and first lady melania trump attended christmas eve church services:the trumps arrive at bethesda by the sea church
"the la times is reporting that moviegoing is at the lowest level since 1995. the article blames americans who are going to see fewer movies
"you just can t make this level of cronyism up. it s a blatant disregard for laws
" history shows that we can
"after judicial watch exposed a serious ethics issue related to fbi deputy director andrew mccabe s involvement in his democrat wife s va senate campaign
"while the mainstream media remains transfixed on a phony trump-russian collusion story
 leadership
 truck driver and former marine sharpshooter"
"on december 5
"who knew that members of a presidential administration can have coins made to hand out.  challenge coins  are given out and received by different people like first responders or the military . president trump has the challenge coins he has received displayed in the oval office.coin collector john wertman shows his  very gold  trump challenge coin:how they got their start:challenge coins got their start as military baubles bearing division insignia and presented by officers to troops for exemplary service. the moniker came from a tradition in which service members challenged one another to produce their coins. those who did not have one had to buy a round of drinks.for two decades
"president trump made a surprise detour on his way to air force one today president trump stopped at joint base andrews and greeted military service members and their families as he was en route to his mar-a-lago resort in florida.after landing at joint base andrews
"the former fox news contributor and editor of the weekly standard
" it s really interesting to hear this panel go ballistic over nikki haley finally standing up for america.msnbc s  morning joe  panel on friday lashed out at u.s. ambassador to the united nations nikki haley for her speech before the u.n. general assembly the prior day in which she criticized countries that supported a resolution condemning president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital.haley castigated the u.n. on thursday after the international body backed a non-binding resolution to reject the u.s. decision on jerusalem. the united states will remember this day in which it was singled out for attack in this assembly
"new jersey republican governor chris christie got into a heated discussion with msnbc host nicolle wallace on tuesday. wallace asked christie about chris wray
"sarah sanders does it again! the snarky dc reporters always try and get her but she ends up on top every time! this time was no exception;daily caller reports:the gop tax reform bill is the most talked-about thing in the country right now. when nbc asked white house press secretary sarah sanders about its effects thursday
"what a bizarre exchange between a reporter and democrat leader nancy pelosi! she is asked during a press conference what her relationship is with president trump and she laughed. what s even stranger is she mocked the way trump says  daca .it s as if she detests the president so much that she can t bring herself to speak his name. notice how she talks in disjointed sentences and stops suddenly to think. she cannot even form a complete thought! this is yet another example of the strange behavior of pelosi that is ignored by the main stream media like an enabling spouse.minority leader nancy pelosi (d.
"many are suggesting that the former comedian
"senator rand paul appeared on bill hemmer s fox news show to discuss the importance of fighting the fisa law
"yesterday
"what s wrong with these people? clinton crony ben rhodes tweeted out a wish for death to mcconnell
"this morning
"on wednesday
"just a few months before reports of her sexual assault lawsuit against donald trump rocked the campaign
"immediately after the house passed the tax reform bill
" while we re really not surprised by the  conflicting  statements by andrew mccabe
"this is what happens when a pro-growth president takes the reins: boeing announces $300m employee-related and charitable investment as a result of taxreform legislation to support our heroes
"has-been liberal celebrities took to twitter to voice their displeasure and to offer bribes to change votes. rosie
"soooo
"former asst. fbi director james kallstrom spoke with stuart varney about the details behind the increasingly transparent 2016 and 2017 joint fbi and doj counterintelligence operation to target the candidacy -and block the presidency- of donald j trump: i think they were trying    kallstromtoward the end of the interview mr. kallstrom shares his view
"who knew he had it in him? senate majority leader mitch mcconnell (r.
"in 1992
"is anyone else sick and tired of overpaid athletes who can t even formulate a proper sentence
"the plot thickens with the saga of the it workers who worked for democrats like debbie wasserman schultz.  they had access to congressional emails and were quite shady. they made millions just disappear. is this a case of money laundering to fund terrorism?the daily caller s luke rosiak described it best with this tweet: need to take $100k in hezbollah-linked cash while you can read intelligence committee members  emails
"sunlight is the best disinfectant that s why we think we can t get enough of the evidence coming out about corrupt fbi agents who took it upon themselves to try and destroy trump.the daily caller reports:south carolina rep. trey gowdy said tuesday that fbi agent peter strzok s anti-trump text messages show an  unprecedented  level of bias  you rarely see  from fbi officials.in particular
"yes
"house speaker paul ryan (r.
"the daily show thought it was appropriate in their yearly recap special to acknowledge some of their biggest moments in a song. the surprise of the song comes at the end hillary sings?  she s like a bad penny that just keeps showing up everywhere. this is a  song for women  sung by a woman who brutalized the women who were sexually assaulted by her husband the highlight is the rip on megyn kelly:the song covered a lot of ground
"the eldest son of ex-alaska gov. sarah palin beat the daylights out of his own father after he broke into his parents home in a drunken rage
"watch some fake news from a swamp creature who should be in jail:former director of national intelligence james clapper referred to president donald trump on monday as an intelligence  asset  for russian president vladimir putin. the term  asset  refers to people with countries or organizations being spied upon who serve as resources for outside spies.clapper appeared on cnn to discuss trump s national security strategy speech given monday
"president trump delivered a speech on national security that ll knock your socks off. he plans on putting america first: america is in the game and america is going to win.  his strategy involves four basic principles: protecting the homeland by restricting immigration
"did bruce ohr get cold feet?  demoted deputy attorney general bruce ohr was set to testify before the senate intelligence committee today. the testimony never happened . these people feel so entitled and above the law that they just don t show up to testify. this really implies guilt on his part for not showing up what s he afraid of if he s above board?could it be that questions might come up about his wife working for the opposition research firm fusion gps. yes
"after north korea s most recent missile launch
"president trump addressed the america people today
"are you one bit surprised by the fact that the one team still doing the most kneeling during the national anthem is the seattle seahawks? seattle happens to be home to many
"this could be one of the largest scandals of our time.  meanwhile
 anti-trump activist group with ties to george soros and acorn awarded more than $25 million in taxpayer funds"
161 flights canceled [video]"
"actions have consequences:three russian billionaires are hitting back after they say they were defamed by the opposition research firm fusion gps. the russians  lawsuit says the dossier s assertions  falsely accuse  the three and alfa  of criminal conduct and alleged cooperation with the  kremlin  to influence the 2016 presidential election.  it says fusion recklessly spread the charges to journalists.fusion gps feels the karma:fusion gps
"this story is absolutely horrific
"eric holder just doubled down on threats this old radical is off his rocker. he might be shaking in his boots that his corruption will be exposed too. we know there s plenty of it to go around benghazi is just one of many absolute red line: the firing of bob mueller or crippling the special counsel s office. if removed or meaningfully tampered with
"sen. bernie sanders (i.
" the newly elected us senator doug jones (d-al) just won the election by a small margin in a state where a republican hasn t won for 25 years. jones was pegged as a  liberal  and a  pro-abortion  by his opponents in the highly contentious race against the accused sexual predator
"the defense department secretly set up a program ten years ago to investigate unidentified flying objects
"one of the big players in trying to get to the truth about the bias against president trump just told judge jeanine that this is getting serious and very real. four key players will be subpoenaed!fireworks!   gop rep. jim jordan reveals the house judiciary committee will subpoena andrew mccabe
"there are conflicting reports about why the outrageous omarosa manigault newman is leaving her undefined job at the white house. it was first reported that she was escorted out of the white house by secret service after general kelly had enough of her nonsense
"on friday
"jason chaffetz just went there! he said what everyone else is saying about the doj s jeff sessions time to go!fox news contributor and former republican house oversight committee chairman jason chaffetz argued that attorney general jeff sessions should step down..@jasoninthehouse: ""i think it's time for [jeff sessions] to go."" pic.twitter.com/aogla4fivg  fox news (@foxnews) december 16
"this bombshell just in is more evidence of the swamp trying to bring down president trump using  unlawful conduct . please note that  gsa  career staff  aka  swamp dwellers  gave the trump documents to the special counsel s office fox news reports:a lawyer for the trump presidential transition team is accusing special counsel robert mueller s office of inappropriately obtaining transition documents as part of its russia probe
"diamond and silk:  liberals are trying to destroy this country. they want us to live in a third-world country. we don t want socialism. i don t want globalism  i want to live free. i want to be happy
"in case anyone was confused about how the whole  kneeling for the national anthem  thing came about
 where americans are​ dying left & right…rahm emanuel unveils fancy id for illegals"
 man-hating movement destroys career of top tx lawyer for posting #metoo letter from a rape survivor: “if everyone is a victim
"a federal judge in washington
"this is so worth the watch! brit paul joseph watson slams the left and their desire to invalidate the wishes of the people when they voted to elect trump:this is one guy to follow on youtube. paul joseph watson gets to the point every time. in the second half of the video
"we couldn t agree more! former fbi assistant director james kallstrom on the peter strzok anti-trump texts:  he belongs in leavenworth. he belongs behind bars. these things cannot happen in a democracy. former fbi assistant director james kallstrom on the peter strzok anti-trump texts: ""he belongs in leavenworth. he belongs behind bars. these things cannot happen in a democracy."" @foxbusiness @lizmacdonaldfox pic.twitter.com/tmkx7wboa9  risk & reward (@riskrewardfbn) december 14
"joe digenova has been around d.c for decades and has seen it all. he probably didn t see his one coming. the incoming president  was set-up to be taken down. a soft coup is in the works and digenova has this to say about it:""it's very clear that they conspired to frame the incoming president of the united states.""  joe digenova on allegations of anti-trump bias at fbi and thejusticedept #tucker  pic.twitter.com/vdlhb45ghi  g. ashley hawkins (@g_ashleyhawkins) december 16
"thank goodness we finally have a president who refuses to dump our taxpayer funds into climate scam that our former president actually identified as a national security threat according to the federalist
"in september 2016
" i don t think you have a standard    tim carney to new york times reporter on different standards for different presidentswe have a huge scandal at the fbi but these so-called journalists decide to discuss this? the entire video below is a pitiful display of partisan hackery we ve come to expect from msnbc. this is why the american people are so fed up with the main stream media perhaps msnbc should practice what they preach and start telling the truth. you have to ask yourself how these people stay employed when they can t even tell the truth about either potus. the funny thing to watch in the video is just how serious they are when discussing the topic of lying. it really is the definition of irony washington examiner columnist tim carney called out a nyt reporter on  morning joe  friday over the latter s report that president barack obama told just 18 distinct lies during his two terms in office.can you believe this?both of these reporters and the entire panel are absolutely bonkers for even having this discussion! this is a perfect example of just how off kilter these so-called  journalists  are. do they not have anything else to report???the new york times juxtaposed president donald trump with obama on lies told in office in a report thursday
" a cesspool of corruption    newt gingrich calls out attorney general jeff sessions. he says it s time for sessions to  step up  to the plate. we couldn t agree more!the latest dirt to come out on the fbi:sean hannity interviewed greg jarrett
 doj crimes and who’s “in trouble” [video]"
"the interview below is pretty much what we all knew but now it s out in the open. notice how senator johnson calls on the doj to act:senator ron johnson told tucker carlson tonight that the corruption in the intel agencies is much worse that we thought. he believes that the entire investigation into hillary s emails was a sham used to protect her and not investigate her. he says the same cast of characters is being used to investigate trump scary stuff!fox news reports:washington   newly released documents obtained by fox news reveal that then-fbi director james comey s draft statement on the hillary clinton email probe was edited numerous times before his public announcement
"with mainstream media and establishment politicians stacked against him from the moment he announced his run for the presidency
"washington   president trump said on thursday that his administration was answering  a call to action  by rolling back regulations on environmental protections
"when cnn white house correspondent april ryan challenged sarah sanders  pie making skills during the thanksgiving holiday (see below)
"how did the fbi handle the clinton email case two words: watered down! the big question on this watered down document is who made the edits?judge napolitano:  jim comey owns it no matter who edited it :""the job of the @fbi is not to decide whom to prosecute
"today
"here s yet another reason to be very suspicious of the obama administration and hillary clinton:via free beacon: former secretary of state hillary clinton struck a deal with the state department while serving in the obama administration that allowed her to take ownership of records she did not want made public
"is this karma? republicans have been receiving death threats (see below) from democrats who support net neutrality and are furious that it could be repealed: but if you don t support net neutrality
"gop rep. jim jordan on lou dobbs: listen you can t make this stuff up. it gets worse each and every day. what deep down scares me
"one month ago
"the secret service pushed back on a cnn reporter s claim that a fired trump aide was physically removed from the white house:reporting regarding secret service personnel physically removing omarosa manigault newman from the @whitehouse complex is incorrect.  u.s. secret service (@secretservice) december 13
"54-year-old dr. dean lorich
"the deputy attorney general rod rosenstein testified today about the clear cases of corruption and political bias in our intel agencies. changing hillary s charge from grossly negligent to extremely careless is disturbing enough but it s clear that jim jordan knows this goes much deeper. hillary was protected by the political hacks in the intel agencies but a target was put on president trump s back using the fisa court to open up spying on the him and those around him using a doctored up opposition research document that was never proven to be anywhere close to true the questioning from jordan is well worth watching:jim jordan just spoke with lou dobbs:.@jim_jordan on peter strzok: ""in case the american people
"it s beyond sad to watch these young men sitting through an interview with their overbearing
"earlier today
"rep. trey gowdy sc:  this  conflict of interest-free  senior agent of the fbi can t think of a single solitary american who would vote for donald trump  .@tgowdysc: ""this 'conflict of interest-free' senior agent of the fbi can't think of a single solitary american who would vote for @realdonaldtrump."" pic.twitter.com/bslbtpg4qi  fox news (@foxnews) december 13
"after roy moore s ugly loss in the alabama senate race last night
"they threw everything but the kitchen sink at judge roy moore. democrats outspent moore 10-1
"fox news just revealed what we knew but it s out in the open now: text messages between fbi officials peter strzok and mistress lisa page in 2016 referred to then-candidate donald trump as a  loathsome human  and  an idiot. how can they even begin to be neutral in this sham of an investigation?more than 10
"wow! megyn kelly is clearly desperate for ratings you won t believe this interview. megyn kelly keeps attacking alabama pastor mike allison in a cringe-inducing interview. she should be ashamed of herself for this interview. it s awful!kelly: aren t you worried at all about the teenage girls in the d.c. area if it is true?allison: no. i m not worried about the teenage girls in the d.c. area because of roy moore. there s absolutely no record of him carrying on like this at all. and these allegations
"how quickly the democrats and their allies in the media forget
"if you watched this live
"democrat senator kristen gillibrand (ny) likes to think of herself as a champion of women. after multiple women came forward to accuse fellow democrat senator al franken of sexual assault (photos were also supplied as evidence of one of the accuser s claims)
 mocked president trump just before failing to blow himself up"
"establishment republican pollster frank luntz looked more like a cnn host than a republican pollster in a room full of committed roy moore voters. luntz was obviously frustrated
"the exclusive below from fox news skips the fact that the trump dossier had been circulated around but was never proven to be true at all! why did john mccain feel it necessary to bring this  fake  dossier to the attention of anyone in the u.s. intel community? the deep state desperately wants to destroy president trump and this happens to be exhibit numero uno:the man who says he acted as a  go-between  last year to inform sen. john mccain about the controversial  dossier  containing salacious allegations about then-candidate donald trump is speaking out
"the poor little isis-inspired
"remember former cia director mike morell s lies about benghazi? he totally covered for hillary and the obama administration after benghazi:could this be connected to the reason morell is now coming clean about targeting trump?why is he admitting guilt now?former acting cia director michael morell thinks that intelligence agencies were too harsh to trump during the campaign and presidential transition
"this is a big deal even though we re sure the main stream media will ignore it. the connection between a now demoted doj official and fusion gps just got closer. his wife worked for the opposition research firm responsible for the anti-trump dossier! the plot thickens fox news reports:a senior justice department official demoted last week for concealing his meetings with the men behind the anti-trump  dossier  had even closer ties to fusion gps
"sarah huckabee sanders was hot today when she went off on cnn s jim acosta over the fake news that s been constant the past few days. jim acosta also would not be quiet so sanders had to get loud and forceful:  i m not finished  sanders was making a point about reporters making a mistake vs when they report fake news on purpose there is a big difference.go sarah! there s a big difference between making honest mistakes and purposely misleading the american people something that happens regularly.    sarah huckabee sandersfox news insider reports:white house press secretary sarah sanders battled cnn reporter jim acosta
"does anyone really care what our president drinks? cnn thinks they do. they thought it would be a great idea to bring on a doctor who would tell them how horrible it is for trump to drink lots of diet coke. well
"in september
"tomorrow
"last week
"who wants to deport  dreamers ? not many people
"shame on teen vogue! maxine waters was a guest of teen vogue and was interviewed about why she s calling on young teens to resist our president. this sick behavior by a grown woman smells like sedition. just read the answer to the question below:teen vote asked: what advice would you give to burgeoning young activists who want to help the #resist movement and create effective political change? what can citizens do you help you as a congresswoman achieve change?mw: there are several things that can be done. i love that they dominate social media
"a portrait of  punk hillary  set off two security dogs at an art miami tent we think they know a criminal when they see one. the truth is that the police still don t have an answer of on this mystery. we just want to know who would pay $4
"what a brave boy and what a sad world we live in where adults would allow such a beautiful child to be repeatedly tortured by classmates
"washington post reporter took to twitter to post an image of the venue where trump was to appear in several hours. the only problem is
 dad!’ those were the last words spoken by kate steinle
"conservative hollywood actor
"on september 5
"just another member of the swamp who s about to be sucked down the drain in 2015
"only 3 days ago
 scalping of mentally disabled young man on live facebook video gets disturbing sentence"
"in a last-minute attempt to create a legacy for himself
"is there a single person left on robert mueller s  trump-russian collusion  team who isn t in bed with barack obama or hillary clinton?an attorney for special counsel robert mueller attended hillary clinton s election night party in new york city
"you just can t make this stuff up yet another key member of special counsel robert mueller s russia probe appears to have deep ties to the democratic party.from pj media: aaron zebley served previously as mueller s chief of staff at the fbi and as a senior counselor in the national security division at the department of justice. he also served as an assistant u.s. attorney in the national security and terrorism unit in alexandria
"every single day
"would cnn even know the truth if it bit them in the a**?the media s quest to prove donald trump jr. colluded with wikileaks is all wrong.the sept. 14 email to trump campaign advertising wikileaks emails promoted publicly available info
"unfounded claims that president trump was filmed with prostitutes in a moscow hotel surfaced in the closing stretch of last year s white house race.mrs. clinton s presidential campaign and the democratic national committee (dnc) reportedly helped fund the research.according to us media reports
 you’re going to be drug-tested"
"the credibility of beverly young nelson
"yesterday
"what s more important
"thank goodness for rep. jim jordan s masterful grilling of fbi director chris wray today (see video of testimony below) regarding the trump investigation. the videos below reveal bombshell information that this is a set up by fbi agent strzok who took the fake dossier to the fisa court in the beginning this is a big deal!jordan on lou dobbs after his questioning of wray: there are a couple of fundamental questions here. did the fbi pay christopher steele? i asked that of the attorney general two weeks ago he wouldn t answer the question. did they actually vet this dossier?  because it s been disproven
"now
"special counsel robert mueller s anti-trump witch hunt is dead
"has there ever been a us olympic athlete who
"after two days of being criticized by mostly female
 anti-gun “comedian” and author of “a child’s first book of trump” credits his kids for inspiring all of his “baby rape jokes"
"on tuesday
 spit upon and slit his girlfriend with knife"
"actress lena dunham said she warned hillary clinton s campaign about disgraced hollywood mogul harvey weinstein and was uncomfortable with his presence during the 2016 presidential campaign
 this hillary tree topper has an excuse for it!"
"after it was announced that president trump was seriously considering moving the u.s. embassy to jerusalem
"secretary of state rex tillerson just shut down the obnoxious press. he responded to rumors of tension with president donald trump and reports that the white house is planning to push him out of his position
"crains chicago business   american democracy is fragile
"former british army officer
"you just can t make up stories like these democratic sen. dianne feinstein (calif.) on tuesday castigated the idea of moving the u.s. embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem
"sara carter has been right on everything she s reported on with the mueller investigation. she s a gem of a reporter who does the hard work that so many other journalists just don t. she tells why she believes the fbi will have a major shake-up soon there are 27 leakers that the ig is looking at! yes
"according to cnn  uk prime minister theresa may delivered a rare public admonishment to us president donald trump on thursday
"sarah sanders announced during the white house press briefing tuesday that president trump would visit mississippi this weekend. on his trip
"ambassador bolton gets it! he and so many others see what s going on and how the left is trying to destroy the trump administration ambassador bolton: they are trying to prove the administration is illegitimate.lou dobbs: that s what you can see.ambassador bolton: they are the ones who are illegitimate  the wall street journal says this is the first coup d tat in american history. it s a mini coup d tat but it goes right along with the idea that they should have won the election.. and one recalls the famous scene in the debate where during the debates where
"how many times in one week can abc news publish fake russian collusion stories and still be considered a reliable source of news? abc news suspended brian ross after he made a false report about trump directing his nsa michael flynn to meet with the russians during his campaign. after the stock market lost 350 points
"thank goodness for judicial watch! they pushed for emails from the doj and got a treasure trove of incriminating evidence of anti-trump bias. judicial watch president tom fitton said it best when he said the email is an  astonishing and disturbing find a top prosecutor who is now a deputy for special counsel robert mueller s russia probe praised then-acting attorney general sally yates (see more on yates below) after she was fired in january by president trump for refusing to defend his controversial travel ban.the email
"the doj is reporting that they basically took american taxpayer dollars and started a bonfire with it in light of the fact that key investigators are severely compromised
"nancy pelosi just embarrassed herself by saying the republican tax cuts are  the end of the world  (see below) and now this:nancy pelosi decided to tell california republicans they  don t belong  and was immediately trashed on twitter: i want every single california republican to understand this. your ideology doesn t come first. your party doesn t come first. the people come first. if you fail to recognize that
"the photos from president trump s visit to the food storehouse for lds families in need are great. president donald trump created quite a stir when he pushed a shopping cart down a food aisle at the lds church bishops  central storehouse in salt lake city.the state-of-the-art facility from the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints was built to better enable the church to help families in need.thumbs up! this is very exciting for me
"what pushed democrat congressman john conyers to resign instead of just announce he would retire at the end of his term?the detroit free press reports another accuser came forward just last night:the most recent
"tucker carlson had an intense debate with clinton adviser and paid spokesliar richard goodstein tonight about whether the recent commotion about fired anti-trump fbi agent peter strzok exposes the political double standard at the fbi:(function(d
"the father of the ucla basketball player who had been suspended for shoplifting in china has just pulled his son from the college. he believes the suspension of his son was  unfair can you believe this guy? he s so lucky his son isn t still stuck in china but was lucky enough to have president trump save his azz  tmz reported the following:it s a stunning move   liangelo ball will no longer be on the ucla basketball team and
"nancy pelosi just got even more embarrassing than ever she pulled the drama card while commenting on the tax cuts: no this is the end of the world. the debate on health care is life or death. this is armegeddon! this is a really big deal. because you know why? it s really hard to come back from this this has been the way pelosi has behaved lately our recent report on pelosi: nancy pelosi spoke for less than 8 minutes to the lbj foundation on wednesday
"another winner for america and for president trump! the supreme court ruled in favor of the travel ban! guess who voted against it justices ruth bader ginsburg and sonia sotomayor said they would have left the lower court orders in place. is anyone surprised by the two lefty judges? not us!fox news reports:handing the white house a huge judicial victory
"a supervisory special agent who is now under scrutiny after being removed from robert mueller s special counsel s office for alleged bias against president trump also oversaw the bureau s interviews of embattled former national security advisor michael flynn
" the view  co-host
"president trump was in utah today for the signing of a rollback on federal land overreach. he s basically giving land back to the states that clinton and obama took for the federal government.the local leaders have applauded this move by trump but the environmentalists are freaking out:president trump signed two proclamations monday shrinking federally protected lands in utah in the largest rollback of national monument designations in history.the bears ears national monument will shrink to 220
"the latest liberal meltdown comes from minnesota this reminds of the mayor who was stopped by the police and had a fake meltdown too. do these liberals all have a  meltdown handbook ?sda reports:if you re a social justice warrior
" i think this is hope over reality longtime democrat and harvard law professor allen dershowitz ripped into senator diane feinstein for making accusation of obstruction of justice against president trump. he went through all of the reason why there is nothing to the claim by feinstein that potus committed a crime. dershowitz compared trump to the crimes of past presidents and concluded that trump is in the clear. he detailed crimes that nixon and clinton clearly committed but said that it s within the constitutional powers that trump did what he did by firing former fbi director james comey:  you cannot charge a president with obstruction of justice for exercising his constitutional power.   @alandersh pic.twitter.com/dpzbricslh  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) december 4
"holy moly! we ve been covering the fbi agent who was fired for his  anti-trump tweets but now this bombshell:the agent is the one who quickly looked over thousands of emails from the weiner computer and said there was nothing there! you can bet this is now a big problem for the fbi. president trump is correct when he says the  fbi is in tatters reddit reported:our previous report on the fired anti-trump fbi agent: this is an interesting development in the mueller investigation because we don t trust the fbi. is this new news from the new york times an effort to make mueller and mccabe appear unbiased? we re not buying it because this guy was the lead investigator in the hillary email case really??? talk about compromised! please see our previous report below on the fbi giving  special status  to hillary s email investigation.robert mueller kicked a  top fbi agent  off the special counsel investigation this summer over potential anti-trump texts he sent
"here are just a few examples of the empty or mostly empty nfl stands across america today:the stands appear to be mostly empty for the atlanta falcons v. minnesota vikings game
" mr fast and furious  fired back at president trump who claimed the fbi s reputation is in  tatters  thanks to former fbi director james comey. he certainly wasn t expecting to be slammed back by people on twitter. holder and obama have obviously decided to go full out to attack president trump. they just don t realize who they re dealing with the american people and president trump aren t sitting back and letting these thugs attack them holder said the fbi has more integrity than the white house
"now this is sweet karma! if you ve ever watched  joy reid interview maxine waters on msnbc then you know the bitterness and hatefulness runs deep with both of them. well
 not working people’"
"roll call   democrat doug jones drastically outraised gop nominee roy moore for the alabama senate race
"lack of leadership? how about pot calling the kettle brown? obama was at the helm of the most leaderless presidency ever! he couldn t make a move unless it was to line his pockets or promote his communist ideology. what a joke that he s shadowing president trump by going overseas. lou hobbs and steve forbes had choice words for obama last week on his effort to be relevant (see below)note to obama: we ditched the global warming scam! what s there to lead?while speaking to a group of business leaders in paris
 co mass shooter to tea party [video]"
"president trump is not giving abc news a pass for their fake news story about michael flynn and his meeting with russian ambassador sergey kislyak when trump was a  candidate  running for office. the president is suggesting that abc news needs to be held accountable for the drop in the stock market that was triggered by their fake news story. trump tweeted: people who lost money when the stock market went down 350 points based on the false and dishonest reporting of brian ross of @abc news (he has been suspended)
"yesterday
"what a bitter woman! she blames a different thing every week for her 2016 loss to president trump. everything she says below is a lie. she just makes it up as she goes along:  she went on to describe how  men who shaped the narrative  of the campaign harmed her but are now under fire for sexual harassment. hillary clinton thinks that former nbc host matt lauer s demise is  karma  for how he questioned her about her private email server during the 2016 presidential campaign.clinton was in philadelphia on thursday promoting her campaign memoir
"the stock market lost over 350 points after abc news erroneously reported that general flynn was in communication with the russian ambassador sergey kislyak during trump s campaign. it turns out that after the stock market plunge and the feeding frenzy by the leftist media
 kidnapping and sexual assault in sanctuary state of oregon…tells victims’ relatives: “see all you guys in hell!” [video]"
"the domestic terror group
" this is an interesting development in the mueller investigation because we don t trust the fbi. is this new news from the new york times an effort to make mueller and mccabe appear unbiased? we re not buying it because this guy was the lead investigator in the hillary email case really??? talk about compromised! please see our previous report below on the fbi giving  special status  to hillary s email investigation. robert mueller kicked a  top fbi agent  off the special counsel investigation this summer over potential anti-trump texts he sent
"yesterday
"even though the big news was that president trump got a big win with the passage in the senate last night of his tax bill
"former president barack obama embarked on an asia trip this week
"after abc news broke the general flynn-trump story
 this is just a harbinger of what’s to come’ [video]"
"pastor kenneth sharpton glasgow claims he s reverend al sharpton s brother
"another politician using your money to pay off a sexual harassment settlement can you believe it? blake feingold is on the right in the onesie jammies. what was he thinking?here s a photo of him with clothes on:rep. blake farenthold used taxpayer money to settle a sexual harassment claim brought by his former spokesman   the only known sitting member of congress to have used a little-known congressional account to pay an accuser.lauren greene
"while we re on the subject of lying to the fbi
"as if americans aren t outraged enough about the verdict in the kate steinle murder
"if anyone thought the man who s been attacked by the left for most of his adult life
"the broader story in this entire russia witch hunt is if the one count on flynn announced today is a plea deal. flynn is being charged with only one count so this raises red flags there has been talk that flynn would do what he could to protect his son who is also involved in this witch hunt the crime is not the substance but the cover-up of conversations flynn had with the russian ambassador. this is exactly what president trump fired flynn for fox news is reporting:former national security adviser michael flynn has been charged in the special counsel s russia investigation with making false statements to the fbi and is expected to plead guilty at a hearing friday morning.special counsel robert mueller s office released a one-count charging document ahead of the hearing.abc news is reporting that this is a plea deal and that flynn will assist in the witch hunt:flynn s plea signals the former top adviser to trump is now cooperating with the team of special counsel robert mueller. a brief statement released by mueller s team friday morning does not say what information flynn has provided the government as part of this deal
"gross! as it turns out
"former  baywatch  star pamela anderson tried to use her charms to get past the secret service to meet with vice president mike pence. she wanted to speak with pence about a pardon for julian assange of wikileaks. anderson has been connected to assange romantically and reportedly visits him at the ecuadorian embassy in london. she s also become more politically active in recent years because of her awareness of assange s plight.page six reports:spies tell page six that anderson was in manhattan filming a psa at the jw marriott essex house when she learned that pence was at the same address. the blond bombshell has said that she  loves  wikileaks founder assange and visits him every two weeks in his  cramped  room at london s ecuadorian embassy
" a conversation with msnbc host craig melvin got heated today when rep. sheila jackson lee (d.
"apparently
"even more reason to  believe it s a good thing hillary clinton isn t formulating u.s. foreign policy:footage from libya recently released showed young men from sub-saharan africa being auctioned off as farm workers in slave markets yes
" who can you trust most not to show you their penis in a professional setting?  democrat dana nessel asks in the new ad.  is it the candidate who doesn t have a penis? i d so say. she then makes several promises to her voters:  i will not sexually harass my staff. and i won t tolerate it in your workplace either. i won t walk around in a half-open bathrobe. the ad follows allegations of sexual misconduct against u.s. rep. john conyers
"if you live in michigan
"u.s. rep. jim clyburn could find himself in hot water.a writer for the new york times magazine and national geographic tweeted that clyburn invoked the name of susan smith
"a democratic senator tried to compare trump nominee kathleen hartnett white to a horse during testimony before members of the environment and public works committee .rhode island senator sheldon whitehouse tried to relate a story of caligula s horse to the nominee but it went over like a lead balloon. we could start off by saying as a rule of thumb that a woman should never be compared to a horse not a good idea. this arrogant and insensitive senator thought  he would get away with demeaning ms. white .watch what happens when senator barrasso gets his two cents worth in the committee voted to confirm white s nomination to lead the white house s council on environmental quality
"nbc was called out by conservative news outlets
"the washington post has been pushing the russia story for months but do they really believe their own bullsh*t?they were just caught on undercover video saying they really haven t found anything on president trump adam entous of the washington post spoke the truth about how the reporters are pushing the russia story even though it s a nothingburger:  but we really haven t addressed  our reporting has not taken us to a place where i would be able to say with any confidence that the result of it is going to be the president being guilty of being in cahoots with the russians. there s no evidence of that that i ve seen so far. we ve seen a lot of flirtation
"with all of the stories of
"once again
"the left woke up in a fury after they discovered president trump retweeted 3 videos showing disgusting hate crimes committed against europeans by muslims.  was the president trying to prove his case about how the mass muslim migration into europe is destroying their cultures and making the citizens unsafe? president trump didn t include any commentary with his retweets
"nbc was in  cover your ass  mode with their longtime anchor matt lauer s latest misstep coming to light via numerous news outlets. nbc news chairman andy lack pulled the trigger to fire lauer late last night after it was revealed that lauer was going to be outed for sexual misconduct.page six reports:longtime nbc anchor matt lauer allegedly sexually assaulted a female nbc staffer during the rio olympics. the staffer
"according to wired   there are hackable security flaws in software. and then there are those that don t even require hacking at all just a knock on the door and asking to be let in. apple s macos high sierra has the second kind.on tuesday
"cnn s brian stelter tweeted out the news that cnn staffers won t be attending the white house christmas party yes
"remember when president barack obama s attorney general loretta lynch just happened to get a surprise visit in phoenix
"we reported earlier today that  chuck and nancy  decided to be no-shows to a budget meeting after potus tweeted a scorchingly honest assessment of the two democrat leaders (see below)well
"the view s joy behar just let everyone know that she s a sore loser who just can t let go that hillary clinton lost the 2016 election. even though she refuses to acknowledge trump as president and says hillary won
 white musicians over “white supremacy” concerns…#boycottgrammys"
"senate minority leader schumer and house minority leader pelosi are having a temper tantrum after president trump exposed them for who they really are in a scorching tweet:president trump s tweet: meeting with  chuck and nancy  today about keeping government open and working. problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our country unchecked
"fox news anchor bret baier was a surprise visitor at mar-a-lago on thanksgiving weekend.  speculation swirled that baier s  attendance was a sign of media bias or collusion between president trump and fox news.  why else would baier have dinner at  the president s exclusive club?it was actually a coincidence baier and his wife were spending the weekend with jack nicklaus who is a member of mar-a-lago. fox news clarified the chance meeting with a tweet:fox news statement on this photo: ""bret baier and his wife attended a dinner at mar-a-lago as a guest of jack nicklaus
"rep. sheila jackson lee did an entire interview on msnbc monday morning with what appeared to be a nosebleed dripping down her lip why didn t anyone at msnbc tell her to wipe her nose when she was off camera? notice at the beginning of the interview
"al franken returned to dc this week after a series of bombshell allegations of sexual harassment by several women. he claims to be  tremendously  sorry for his serial groping incidents but can t seem to recall them yes
 vocal illegal alien advocate and trump impeachment leader
"james o keefe of project veritas has used his incredible talents to go undercover and expose crooked organizations like acorn and planned parenthood. during the 2016 election
"notice in the exchange below that the reporters have a cohesive message saying president trump calling senator warren pocahontas is a  racial slur . they think we ll buy into their effort to make this is a  slur  if they say it often enough they re trying to hijack the narrative by repeating an untruth as fact nice alynsky tactic by the press watch how sarah sanders turns it all around and asks why no one is asking why warren lied about being native american another great job by sarah!sarah huckabee sanders said on monday it is  ridiculous  for senator warren to consider  pocahontas  to be a racial slur sanders was responding to a question about whether it was offensive for president donald trump to use the nickname during a white house event honoring world war ii code talkers. a reporter said the comment was  offensive to many
"while honoring native american code talkers today at the white house
 where she won custody of 12-yr old grandson…accuser also plead “guilty” to felony fraud charges against family member"
"this isn t going to go over well with obama s black lives matter folks veteran actor denzel washington says his latest role as a dogged defense attorney in roman j. israel
"earlier today
" morning joe  hosts mika brzezinski and joe scarborough agreed on monday with nancy pelosi s defense of scandal-ridden rep. john conyers.  look i think it s really important that the words  due process  have come up in this conversation
"the 2017 christmas decorations were unveiled in a stunning video montage showing the incredibly tasteful display complete with a nativity scene. the white house has never looked more like christmas.twitter was immediately abuzz over the white house decorations the overwhelming majority of  negative comments refer to how the decorations are  over the top  or  tacky . the hate for all things trump was visible in scorching comments from snowflakes:yes
 warns refugees: “if you are an economic migrant” or an “illegal immigrant” you’ll be sent home"
 he’d kill donald trump…blames press for making him president"
"earlier today
"there is no word yet
"john conyers
"it s hard to imagine
"michigan congressman john conyers has been in the spotlight recently for being a repeat sexual harasser to women he works with. he even showed up for a meeting in his underwear! yikes!nancy pelosi defended conyers on  meet the press  this morning when she called him an  icon she went on to say that he deserves  due process . that s pretty ironic when you think of how the left wants to lock up any republican right away if they re accused of wrongdoing. conyers gets a pass because he s an  icon ? this is just more insanity from pelosi who needs to retire with conyers..@nancypelosi: accused congressman conyers is an ""icon"" in our country. #mtp pic.twitter.com/4qlkkjtijp  meet the press (@meetthepress) november 26
"john conyers might just drain the swamp for us. the 88-year old democrat from michigan who is accused of sexually harassing female staffers is now threatening to bring the swamp down by exposing all of the other members of the house and senate accused of sexual harassment. yes
"wow! this is huge! the democrats and their leaders are obviously ticking off the big guys with big bucks was it something they said? dnc chairman tom perez could be the culprit or was it donna brazile exposing the corruption in the dsnc? we re happy morgan saw the light and ditched the dnc but he s still on board with  some democratic candidates he needs to come on over to the right side!tallahassee   john morgan tossed a bomb friday into the 2018 political landscape
 questions his involvement in her mysterious house fire death"
"a wyoming high school is under fire after parents exposed an online student quiz that offered  shooting at trump  as one of the multiple choice answers.an unidentified english teacher at jackson hole high school gave students a multiple choice quiz on thursday about george orwell s novel  animal farm  that included a question that many are pointing to as an example of the district s  liberal bias
"friday on fox news channel s  fox & friends
 decent

"cnn political analyst just spent her thanksgiving day so consumed with hate for president trump s white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders
"president trump announced he d be playing golf  quickly  with jupiter island resident tiger woods and pga star dustin johnson .a lucky instagram user got some great photos and video:what a treat   the president and golf greats!an instagram user spotted the president at trump national golf course on friday morning with tiger woods and dustin johnson:  just your average morning! excited my kids were able to see our president and the others were just a bonus
"president trump and the first lady took the time to visit the coast guard ahead of the thanksgiving day holiday. melania proved once again that her fashion choices continue to provoke a response according to the petty liberals
 trump-hating student may be facing jail time
"on this thanksgiving
"president  trump called the branches of the armed forces this morning to wish everyone a happy thanksgiving. he delivered his powerful comments at mar-a-lago where he offered his thanks and appreciation but got in a dig at obama s terrible policy defeating isis. his comments regarding the current policy in the trump administration rang true too: it s an honor to speak with you all
"the american-led un command just released very dramatic video showing a north korean soldier trying to escape across the border into south korea. the tricky thing is that four soldiers were firing on him the entire time the video starts with a lone soldier driving a dark olive-green jeep  down a straight
"has america reached a tipping point? will more and more fed up americans begin to object to athletes who choose to blatantly disrespect our flag during the national anthem? should athletes be allowed to disrespect our flag during school-sponsored events? we d love to hear what you think in the comment section below.todd starnes of fox news broke the story about 74-year old jim howard
" it s no wonder that fusion gps wants to block documents from coming out. the newest unsealed documents are explosive enough with the revelation that there was a payoff to three reporters to push negative news on trump. who are the three journalists? well
" i am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the fbi gave hillary clinton. rep. gaetz: ""i am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the fbi gave hillary clinton."" #ingrahamangle pic.twitter.com/ehkqfyewdk  fox news (@foxnews) november 22
"brooklyn college is advising new york city police officers to use bathrooms on the far end of campus in order to avoid being seen by students who might be offended by their presence.the excelsior
"the washington post published an article with a video of 9-year old ava lovley of newport
"seriously? how pathetic is this? in an effort to score some publicity
"president trump wants those who settled sexual harassment cases using our tax dollars to be exposed the house is responsible for the sexual assault slush fund that used our taxpayer money to pay off accusers. we should all call for this slush fund to be shut down this is not what our hard earned money should be paying for new: president trump tells me he believe congress should release the names of lawmakers who have settled sexual harassment claims  trey yingst (@treyyingst) november 21
"president trump just spoke out on the alleged sexual misconduct of alabama s roy moore. it took a split second for leftist media outlets like  fake news  cnn to say that trump  all but endorsed  moore.  twitter was exploding with faux outrage from the left. as usual
"last week
"former nfl player shannon sharpe on tuesday called lavar ball s complaints directed at president donald trump the  dumbest thing  he could have said. sharpe is usually as anti-trump as they come but is just smart enough to understand that it s idiotic to diss the president. sharpe makes some dumb comments during the rant about lavar ball but it s pretty big that he is supportive of president trump:sharpe appeared to take trump s side in the feud and said the president s involvement in china  didn t hurt the situation. i can assure you president trump mentioning [the detainment] to the chinese president didn t hurt his situation. if he [lavar ball] felt this strongly
"cnn host chris cuomo definitely drew the short straw when he was asked to fill in for host don lemon
"this could get ugly and should! a  treasure trove  of new documents found linking hillary to the russia deal to sell uranium nick short said it best:  this could get ugly this is not just about bribery and kickbacks but about a u.s. company that was transporting yellow-cake for the russians with our approval. there's a treasure trove of documents tying russia to uranium one.  pic.twitter.com/m8wzsmdpme  nick short   (@politicalshort) november 20
"this story is about more than a massive cover-up for an elected officials who sexually assaulted innocent women
"this is truly shocking! roy moore takes a commanding lead in the alabama senatorial race as the allegations against him by the left and the rino republicans collapse. check this out:yesterday
"making christmas great again! first lady melania trump and barron trump received the official 2017 white house christmas tree today. it s a 19-and-a-half-foot balsam fir from wisconsin that was picked out in september the national christmas tree association and white house officials decide on the tree in a contest held every year:chapman family wins!silent night evergreens
"who didn t see this coming? four more women have come forward to charge bill clinton sexually assaulted them this could get interesting you know
"president donald trump says that the oakland raiders should suspend running back marshawn lynch for the rest of the season for disrespecting the flag after he did not stand for the anthem.before sunday s game against the new england patriots in mexico city
 pbs
"how dirty is this? the powers-that-be at the intelligence agencies didn t follow the proper channels before opening up spying on the trump campaign! they needed proof that the trump dossier is authentic but never received that proof. they moved forward with the spying anyway! what dirty rats these democrats are!fbi and justice department officials have told congressional investigators in recent days that they have not been able to verify or corroborate the substantive allegations of collusion between russia and the trump campaign outlined in the trump dossier.the fbi received the first installment of the dossier in july 2016. it received later installments as they were written at the height of the presidential campaign
"the obamas are like the clintons they just keep turning up like a bad penny. who knows why they keep popping up everywhere but some say michelle might run for potus in 2020 they must not have gotten the message in the 2016 election .go away! note to barack: stop criticizing president trump. you make yourself look like a bigger loser than you already are! it s not about you anymore!this appearance reminds us of the odd oscars show when michelle wore a new weave with bangs and a glam gown to give out the best picture award:barack and michelle obama for some strange reason appeared at the 2017 american music awards
"last week
"it didn t take long for president trump to tweet his displeasure to nfl player marshawn lynch for his protest against our national anthem last weekend. lynch stood for the mexican national anthem but sat out the us national anthem (see below)! what a jack wagon!president trump tweeted: our previous report on marshawn lynch: the nfl just keeps killing the goose that laid the golden egg first of all
"before lavar ball
"houston
"this is fantastic! president trump met with all of the ncaa championship teams at the white house last week. it was all fun and games until this amazing moment happened  he didn t expect it but he was asked to pray with the oklahoma sooners team. watch as president trump doesn t hesitate to join in to pray. it s a very touching moment where you can see the player praying with the president and her team. the extended video below this one shows more of the moment the president prayed with the team   you can hear some of what was said at the 14:45 point.more video from the event qnd the moment of interaction and then prayer with the softball team at 14:45: watch how personable and really warm president trump is with the crowd.this is so heartwarming!fyi:oklahoma softball will go for its third-consecutive national title in 2018 with most of its roster back from last season. the team gave potus a special glove:the glove that @ou_softball will present to the president. pic.twitter.com/9pwkilyitv  kenny mossman (@kenny_mossman) november 17
"cnn anchor brian stelter went off on president trump this afternoon for his tweet hitting back at the father of the ucla player who was arrested in china for shoplifting. fredricka whitfield put on her best puzzled face and said to stelter
"since the colin kaepernick and his fellow players started their black lives matter kneeling campaign
"wow! poor kathy griffin the toxic  comedian  found herself facing a tsunami-sized backlash after she held a severed
"oh my gosh! this is awesome! president trump tweeted back to the dad of the ucla basketball player who was arrested while in china: now that the three basketball players are out of china and saved from years in jail
"send this kid back to china! the ungrateful attitude of the father of liangelo ball is so classless. what s even worse the dad makes excuses and even dismisses the son s crime as no big deal:  they try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes.  i m from l.a. i ve seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses.    lavar ball
"double standards everywhere!  socialist bernie sanders was asked whether senator al franken should step down following an accusation of sexual misconduct. bernie replied that
"you might remember this bright moment from when obama was president a couple of years ago
"president trump on saturday criticized hillary clinton
"msnbc reporter kasie hunt began her segment on sexual harassment in washington by telling the show s viewers
"celebrated congressional black caucus member
 strongly suspect somebody out of the mcconnell camp planted the story”"
" enabling hillary  came to senator al franken s defense on friday during an interview for her new book
"once you ve read this list
"you d think reporters would learn to ask questions on policy but they obviously still want to challenge sarah sanders with trash talk about president trump. april ryan should know! she s had many run-ins with sanders that never end well for her. the one below is no exception:sure
"it s pretty common knowledge for anyone s who s tortured themselves by watching the view
"this tops it all! hillary clinton sat down with liberal rag mother jones and actually had the balls to come out and question the legitimacy of president trump s victory last november! remember that this woman was strongly opposed to anyone questioning the results of an election before she lost to trump. now she s literally challenging trump s win! this woman needs some help! this is embarrassing bill
"dem sherrod brown and gop senator orrin hatch go at it! they were discussing the tax plan and hatch let brown know he doesn t appreciate the class warfare propaganda the middle class wins with trump tax plan:the senate s plan to rewrite the tax code would go much further than a competing house proposal toward making good on republican promises to focus on the middle class
"in one of his regular appearances on the imus in the morning radio show
"as reported earlier today
"here s more proof that liberals don t like free speech unless it s their speech it s no secret that cnn is anti-trump with their coverage every single day. they ve also been caught telling some huge whoppers on air that social media calls them out on. blatant lies about president trump caused him to go after the network with the nickname of  fake news . well
"just another case of  love trumps hate lol! the more hate these unhinged liberals spew
"the fbi informant who went undercover to look into hillary clinton s role in an obama administration-era uranium company was identified yesterday in an exclusive from reuters:william campbell
 i take her to the closet and rape her”"
"well this is a shocker! the usual leftist slant on the view was put aside for some support for president trump. who knew these political hacks could be reasonable and kind to trump! whoopi goldberg took the lead when she gave the three basketball players who were detained by china a tongue lashing yes
"after reporter and model
"wow! this couldn t have happened to a nicer guy (sarcasm!) democrats waisted no time in calling for an investigation into another groper amongst them. the ladies are now turning the tables and coming out after al franken for his history of groping. who knew? why now? we hope the former comedian and currently nasty politician gets what s coming to him senator al franken faced swift and bipartisan condemnation thursday and multiple calls for an ethics investigation after a los angeles radio broadcaster and former model accused him of  forcibly kissing  and groping her in 2006.franken first issued a brief apology and said he didn t recall the incident the way leeann tweeden did
 starring accused sexual predator ben affleck: “better than the last one!”"
"you ve gotta love this president and his ability to send personal messages via twitter he just gave some fatherly advice to the three ucla basketball players in deep trouble for shoplifting while in china president donald trump on thursday encouraged the three ucla basketball freshmen who he helped get out of china after being arrested for shoplifting to thank president xi jinping for his help as well.liangelo ball
"hillary clinton tells a reporter from liberal rag mother jones that she s above any investigation into uranium one this is really comedy gold! delusional!hillary s delusional reasoning:  if they send a signal that we re going to be like some dictatorship
 broadway stars host concert ‘celebrating’ hillary but bash trump"
"several uncomfortable videos have surfaced this week
"this story just keeps unraveling two days ago
"the three ucla basketball freshmen arrested for shoplifting in china thanked president donald trump for his assistance and expressed remorse for their actions in a brief press conference on wednesday.liangelo ball
"yesterday
 shepard smith
"the democrats continue to push their delusional wish to impeach president trump they announced a new effort even today:happening today: dems set to launch new impeachment efforts. pic.twitter.com/j1sszggwcy  fox & friends first (@foxfriendsfirst) november 15
 i’m truly sorry”"
"trey gowdy railed against the erosion of trust between the american people and the doj during a hearing before congress today:  i want to start with something that s very important to me
"joe biden didn t earn his nickname  creepy joe  or  creepy uncle joe  for his good behavior. sadly
"we assume donald trump was talking about illegal aliens like horacio alvarado who repeatedly raped his 14-year-old step-daughter and eventually impregnated her in hopes that it would be his ticket to citizenship.daily mail -an illegal immigrant in milwaukee is accused of fathering his teenage stepdaughter s child in a misguided attempt to remain in the us.horacio alvarado
"hollywood producer kingpin and mega-democrat party donor
"joe biden is thinking about running for potus in 2020 but this type of anti-gun comment is a huge deal breaker for voters if biden had used common sense he would realize that the texas hero stopped the gunman from proceeding with any more deaths when he used his weapon does biden believe that if you outlaw a certain type of gun that they won t be out there anymore? two words: bill clinton joe biden says that the man who stopped the texas church shooter should not have been armed. pic.twitter.com/py3hbhphux  ryan saavedra   (@realsaavedra) november 14
"president trump just spoke out on the fate of the ucla basketball players who were accused of shoplifting sunglasses while in china: on air force one
"a transgender antifa wannabe throws bibles and thinks gadsden flag is for nazis at private sector arms in olympia
"it s a given that any democrat from california is going to be against president trump but this guy is through the roof against trump to the point where he s seething with bitterness. please remember that this guy is part of the committee investigating trump!i just happened to see this interview and could not believe my ears! not only are they over the top with the bashing of our president but they are lying through their teeth!here s exactly what president trump said about putin: what i said is
"since most of the actors and producers in hollywood will either be in treatment
"monday on cnbc
"even though the media and the their allies in the democrat party are maniacly focused on doing whatever it takes to bring down the popular alabama gop senate candidate
" bubba  bill clinton celebrated his election 25 years ago at very liberal  georgetown university. he made the usual slams against president trump that we expect nowadays and then turned to gun violence in america he bemoaned the state of gun violence and then he pivoted to made this very baffling claim about muslims and  native-born  americans:president clinton also said:  in spite of the horrible killings in san bernardino and fort hood
 the apology isn’t for keurig customers"
"minnesota is home to the largest number of somali immigrants in america.  census numbers put the state s somali s population at about 40
"one of the many targets of the opposition research firm fusion gps is accusing them of assisting the kremlin in its effort to have him  imprisoned and killed. the strong allegation comes from bill browder
"our favorite conservative street artist sabo crashed an anti-trump art exhibition in los angeles saturday night
"when keurig decided to side with soros against sean hannity and roy moore s right to defend himself against serious
"this is horrible language alert!are you wondering how  free to be me  hollyweird would react to a trump hat-wearing person? well
"last week
"the new york times just confirmed what we ve all known since senate majority leader mitch mcconnell threw his support to luther strange in the alabama primary the gop will do anything it can to stop judge moore from becoming a us senator. a report at the new york times indicates that senate majority leader mitch mcconnell
"before keurig
"a birmingham
"saturday night live usually hits the republicans with mocking skits usually it s something about president trump
"the character assassination of republican senate candidate roy moore continues with different rino republicans coming out to say moore should step down as a candidate for us senate. the problem is that the press and the anti-moore politicians have crucified moore we thought you were innocent until proven guilty!another key fact: the claim is a 40 year old claim brought to light by a woman who has ties to the dnc so many things about this claim just don t pass the smell test. breitbart news has yet another item that doesn t help the accuser s case:mother makes big mistake: the mother of leigh corfman
"roy moore s attorney just called political hack don lemon a funny name on air. the cnn host was not pleased with the attorney s quip of  don easy peasy lemon squeezy roy moore attorney calls cnn host 'don easy peasy lemon squeezy'   pic.twitter.com/ddyvj81xno  josh caplan (@joshdcaplan) november 12
"president trump hits it out of the park! he just delivered another great speech to vietnam veterans in danang
"nancy pelosi spoke for less than 8 minutes to the lbj foundation on wednesday
"liberals on twitter were outraged when a republican lawmaker from alabama told the truth about what s going on with the character assassination attempt on senate candidate roy moore aren t people innocent until proven guilty? please see our report below on the roy moore accuser.perry hooper
"too bad the media wasn t there to cover the event
"oprah has a mic-drop moment when asked about how she keeps on-set harassment away. the only problem is she was big buddies with harvey weinstein oprah has distanced herself from weinstein even though he tried to drag her into his scandal:according to tmz
"hillary clinton
"president trump spoke at the state banquet during his visit to japan. he told a hilarious story about first meeting japanese prime minister shinzo abe after the election. this was just one example of many from the asia trip where president trump succeeded in diplomacy and becoming closer to world leaders he visited. even though the biased media didn t cover the trip
"yesterday
"infowars uncovered a bombshell when they discovered the facebook page of one of judge roy moore s accusers
"liberal fox news host
"nancy pelosi is obviously geographically challenged she thinks we can dig a hole to china to hear the communist regime laughing at president trump. wrong! we believe they re laughing at pelosi for her ridiculous statements during a press conference on capitol hill
"oscar-winning actress sandra bullock is set to play wendy davis
"heads are spinning since president trump and vlad putin shook hands today at the apec summit in vietnam.  cnn is already trying to cause trouble with manufactured conflict about whether the two leaders will have formal or informal meetings. they ll probably concoct some spy story or some scandal about the meeting between the two leaders. the left will stop at nothing to try and destroy president trump but his overseas trip has been a huge success so far. the president is on the fourth day of his 5 day overseas trip. first lady melania trump remained in china to visit the beijing zoo and the great wall of chinacnn already stirring it up:cnn immediately started stirring things up with questions about a meeting and if the two leaders were having formal or informal meetings. they even questioned whether the trump camp was misleading the press on a meeting drama? no drama at all unless you count the manufactured drama from cnn:cnn indicated that sarah sanders   statement contradicts what the russian side told reporters for the last two days
"after he previously denied knowing about the dirty trump dossier
"alabama senate candidate roy moore is denying that he romantically pursued teenagers as young as 14 while he was in his 30s after a bombshell report. the women accusing moore told the washington post that when they were between the ages of 14 and 18
"first lady melania trump toured the beijing zoo and the great wall of china during her extended stay in china. while president trump went on to apec in vietnam
"the not so funny comedian louis c.k. appeared on the stephen colbert show mostly to talk about his decision to send an email to his fans
"after a business meeting before the miss universe pageant in 2013
"japan s prime minister did something so discreetly that not even president trump saw it! you won t believe this:the prime minister said his round of golf with visiting president donald trump was a good chance to relax and discuss difficult issues. it also was an opportunity to display some nimble gymnastics
"james kallstrom is the former assistant director of the fbi who is no fan of former fbi director james comey. we ve reported several times on kallstrom s very blunt take on the politicization of the intelligence community (see below). check out his awesome take on how comey  folded wow!kallstrom tells it like it is in his latest interview: james comey
"a couple of quick questions come to mind when most law-abiding americans see illegal aliens storming our government buildings:  is there anywhere else in the world where hundreds of illegal aliens are storming government buildings that house lawmakers
"nbc host megyn kelly must be really desperate for guests to have on her new show. she just had on the woman who behaved like a child when she flipped off president trump s motorcade.  this woman was fired from her job for this and has already gotten way too much attention her 15 minutes of fame should be up now!the unbelievable part of the interview with juli briskman is when kelly said the saga of flipping off president donald trump s motorcade spoke  uniquely to what america s all about huh? would megyn kelly be saying the same thing if the tables were turned and obama was flipped off? what s so amazing and american about behaving like a spoiled child? the left has been showing their true colors since trump won a year ago. it s disturbing when this woman is praised for her lewd and immature behavior. grow up already! between this and the extreme bitterness of the clinton grifters
"should legal gun owners be allowed to freely carry anywhere in their state
"bill clinton went on the conan show and spewed bitterness towards president trump at one point
"one year later
"in her new book  hacks 
 the media
"when president trump announced that the u.s. would take 45
"the diversity visa lottery began with a leftist desire to for more  diversity  in america senator chuck schumer owns this ridiculous program that allows 50
"the information below is disturbing and should be a wake up call for  americans that the left isn t taking losing lying down. this is war a war for the heart of america!the quote below from steve bannon also goes for the left and the radical elitists like holder he continuously mocks president trump in the interview below by calling him  orange man . holder is seething with contempt and hate. it s shameful behavior from a man who was once a very powerful member of a presidential administration in america. he exposes himself for the hateful racist we knew he was. this is scary and should be a big reminder that the war isn t over with these people. keep up the fight!bannon is 100% correct on this:former attorney general eric holder says he is glad to be unshackled from his old job because employment with the national democratic redistricting committee lets him lash out at republicans like  orange man  president trump.politico recently went on the road with the ndrc s chairman in virginia for get-out-the-vote efforts on behalf of lt. gov. ralph northam
"the drexel university professor who tweeted  all i want for christmas is white genocide  recently blamed  whiteness  for the texas massacre that killed 26 people. the outward hate for  whiteness  coming from this so-called professor is disturbing. it s no secret that he detests anyone white and wants to especially demonize white men. disgusting!george ciccariello-maher
"the republican party should be so fortunate
"melania trump never hesitates to call someone on the carpet for lying about her alec baldwin knows now that he can t mess with the first lady!a spokesperson for the first lady fired back at the actor after he claimed that she loves my impersonation  of president donald trump. that is not true
"silly
"is there a more corrupt and power hungry group of people anywhere in the united states? debbie wasserman-schultz
"the dnc chair tom perez took his delusional and very nasty attitude on fox business this morning maria bartiromo let him have it with a dose of  brutal truth about the direction the dems are going in your party has been hijacked by the extreme left
"lou dobbs goes after fusion gps and their connections to the dnc in the video below the evidence is clear that the trump jr. meeting with a russian lawyer was a total set up by fusion gps was the hillary camp responsible? how involved was the obama administration? dobbs names several in the obama administration who could have been involved in the set-up fusion gps lied about knowing about meeting:fusion gps responded in a statement:  fusion gps learned about this meeting from news reports and had no prior knowledge of it. any claim that fusion gps arranged or facilitated this meeting in any way is false. busted! meeting between fusion gps and russian lawyer before and after:the co-founder of fusion gps
"after ed gillespie lost the va governor s race tonight
"thank god a hero with a gun emerged in sutherland
 am i racist?” [video]"
"the word  crooked  doesn t only apply to hillary. sadly
"in fly-over country
"the oakland raiders have been in the news quite a bit lately
"you have to believe this junior democratic congressman is a bit unhinged and immature when you read what he did during a moment of silence for the texas victims. he walked out of the moment of silence monday night for victims of this weekend s mass shooting at a texas church. the democrats have politicized the shooting in texas from day one this showboating politician thought of politics before honoring the victims of the shooting in texas (function(d
"is former dnc chair donna brazile attempting to tie hillary to the murder of dnc staffer seth rich in her new book  hacks ? what does brazile know? is she in danger if she says too much? is brazile offering just enough information
"the move by a twitter employee last week to ban president trump from the social media platform for 11 minutes received a great deal of attention and offered people a glimpse into how easily someone at twitter can stop the flow of information from a source he does not like.what did not get a great deal of attention
"a check and balance between the military and the ncis needs to be put in place!as more details come out on the motive behind the texas church shooting
"cnn and many other news outlets think they re smarter than all of us who are on social media. a fake news story has been going around the web that makes president trump look like he committed a faux pas while participating in a traditional japanese ceremony. in a video posted early monday morning
"the dc mayor decided to push class warfare during her appearance to push against the election of ed gillespie for virginia governor what a bunch of bs! she s counting on ignorance to get votes for the dems.washington
"president trump
"the picture
"5 broken ribs with trouble breathing
"at least 26 people have been killed inside a texas church   including a two-year-old child   after a gunman dressed in full combat gear opened fire during the morning service before cops shot him dead.confirmed reports are beginning to circulate that the shooter is a left-wing antifa member
"a political reporter for the los angeles times is under fire from all sides for making sexist remarks about white house press secretary sarah sanders in his latest anti-trump column .what about the cartoon???while david horsey issued a lame apology for his article
"zero hedge   in a shocking development
"please pray for the victims and their families at least 27 people have been killed inside a texas church   including a two-year-old child   after a gunman dressed in full combat gear opened fire during the morning service before cops shot him dead.the shooting happened at the first baptist church of sutherland springs
"donna brazile might want to watch her back! she shot back at critics (the hillary camp) of her new book that alleges proof of a rigged democratic 2016 primary
"president trump received a warm welcome when he arrived at yokota air base to greet our troops. they started out chanting usa! then went wild when the president was presented with a  commander in chief  flight jacket. general martinez said there was something missing
"the decision of actress mila kunis to make monthly donations to abortion business planned parenthood in pro-life vice president mike pence s name has generated a call for a boycott of jim beam on twitter.jim beam global brand spokesperson kunis told conan o brien thursday that she donates to planned parenthood in pence s name to protest his pro-life policies. o brien asked kunis to explain her  prank: i apologize if i m offending anybody. it s not so much a prank as much as i disagreed with some of the stuff that pence was doing and was trying to do. and so as a reminder that there are women out there in the world that may or may not agree with his platform
"donna brazile lets it rip on the hillary clinton campaign in her new book about the 2016 election. she s definitely not holding back in her scathing review of the clinton operation during 2016. she says she felt like a slave and felt disrespected by the clinton campaign members. what s the most interesting is that she had two people in mind when she was discussing replacing hillary after the fainting spell on 9/11. she says she just couldn t do it because she didn t want to let women down lol! sure!secret deliberations donna brazile held secret deliberations to discuss using her power as interim chair of the democratic national committee to replace hillary clinton as the party s nominee after the former first lady suffered a fainting spell on the campaign trail last september
"is this just one more case of an activist judge too blinded by his hate for trump to deliver the justice he took an oath to uphold? it was announced yesterday that army sgt. bowe bergdahl
"another unhinged democrat has been arrested for attacking someone with political views that are in opposition to his yawn kentucky state police have arrested a person accused of assaulting sen. rand paul (r-ky.) at his home in kentucky
"what happened at michigan state could happen and does happen on all college campuses how dare this professor allow her classroom to be a pulpit to trash our president! the mayor of lansing
"the obama administration s well guarded osama bin laden documents were released on wednesday by cia director mike pompeo. the documents were seized in a raid after u.s. seal rob o neill killed osama bin laden. the obama administration basically politicized the intelligence agencies when they hand-picked just a few of the 470
"rep. frederica wilson spoke on thursday at the annual legislative policy conference organized by al sharpton s national action network (nan) in dc. the nan twitter feed is full of delusional democrats spewing far left policy: nan twitter. wilson got the conference crowd all excited when she predicted that president donald trump will eventually resign from office to avoid impeachment by making up an excuse. she made the outrageous suggestion that president trump would say that
"when the daughter of president trump visited japan
"one courageous navy vet has had enough of the disrespectful nfl players who kneel during the national anthem. although it would be a great honor for the vet to receive an award
"our first black president of the united states has quite an impressive list of accomplishments. sadly
"lawyers for a russian tech executive suing buzzfeed for publishing the steele dossier say that a longtime associate of arizona sen. john mccain and two major news outlets are resisting subpoenas seeking their depositions for the case.in a brief filed in federal court late wednesday
"wow! what a couple of hypocrites and haters! we ve included contact info for the two male liberal columnists below so you can let them know how tacky and disgraceful they are for mocking sarah sanders.update: horsey issued an apology after backlash but his cartoon is still in the article! i want to apologize to times readers   and to sarah huckabee sanders   for a description that was insensitive and failed to meet the standards of our newspaper. it also failed to meet the expectations i have for myself. it surely won t be my last mistake
"if you haven t discovered austen fletcher yet
"sean hannity was on fire with bombshell after bombshell last night. the entire video is so full of reports on  scandal after scandal but the one towards the end is most disturbing. here s the one that is most important as it relates to obama:please go to the 23:55 point for the information on the uranium sale:hannity:  barack obama purposely manipulated the process to allow this trucking company to be the conduit by which they got the uranium out of the country. tell us what you found. john solomon had this shocking revelation:solomon:  yeah
"ha! pbs had a live feed on facebook for the  democratic woman of the year award  but it didn t go as planned because the comments were overwhelmingly negative. pbs finally announced they were shutting down the live feed on facebook and moving it over to youtube where they conveniently disabled comments. lol!comments below the pbs announcement on facebook were 99% against pbs airing anything to do with hillary clinton. to put it mildly
"two nights ago
"democratic national committee chairman tom perez is a nasty man. he s gone out trashing president trump with disgusting language. he s also made claims more recently that trump didn t win because the electoral college really isn t in the constitution. for this reason
"cnn probably detests citizen journalists who bust them on their shenanigans fake news alert! watch the video and see how the cnn producers plant two reporters right next to each other but a biker that rides through the shot busts them on their split sceeen fake news move yet another installment of comedic #fakenews as #fakenewscnn uses a split screen for reporters standing right next to each other! #maga pic.twitter.com/zwkhcksycy  trumpsoldier (@davenyviii) november 2
"liz warren flips she just told jake tapper in an interview that the dem primary was rigged. we all knew this it s pretty huge for her to say it donna brazile also spilled the beans with her new book: after months of lying about passing debate questions to hillary before the presidential debate that was hosted by her employer
"environmental protection agency administrator scott pruitt has received an unprecedented amount of death threats
"when a disgusting ad appeared on tv showing a white man in a pick-up truck with a confederate flag in the back
"who is michelle obama to speak of men? she just offended them in a big way and took more veiled swipes at president trump to the delight of the audience at the first obama foundation summit at the marriott marquis in chicago.the obamas headlined the first obama foundation international summit in chicago where the turnout barely filled the venue halfway this is great news!former first lady michelle obama said men feel they are entitled and women protect them too much.she told the first obama foundation international summit men are raised to be babies while women are brought up to be strong. it s like the problem in the world today is we love our boys
"is the last man standing in the west wing about to be packing his bags? according to insiders
"president trump called the tax plan a  beautiful christmas present :republican leaders announced their plan today that cuts taxes and shrinks the number of tax brackets:the tax plan released by house republicans would shrink the number of tax brackets from seven to four.the seven currently in effect for joint filers are:under the gop house proposal
"hillary clinton told trevor noah on the daily show that  of course  there is a difference between paying for that information and colluding with russia to influence the 2016 election what a load of bs! she s trying to say that it s a forgone conclusion that trump colluded with russia. clinton said the dossier was simply  opposition research  and pointed to the fact that it was not public knowledge during the election more bs! the dossier was public knowledge during the election: the nyt even states that
 laundering money through dnc…drops major bombshell about “cancer” barack obama"
"the former npr ceo ken stern ditches and switches after getting out of the liberal bubble he recently spoke with tucker carlson about his escape from the  liberal bubble . we give him huge credit for ditching the left to come over to the right side:stern recently spoke with breitbart s alex marlow:stern described himself as a  lifelong democrat  who  spent time in democratic politics
"thank goodness a police camera captured a democratic county lawmaker bizarrely screaming
"pam geller is not the person you d ever want to go up against in a debate but cocky geraldo rivera tried it you guessed right if you guessed she at his lunch! she s one tough cookie!pamela geller: he hates me more than the terrorists so i can t take much of what he says seriously.fox is imploding right now. pam geller is attacking geraldo rivera for saying he needs to take a shower after she appears on the network.   pic.twitter.com/tytvvsx5z8  thomas bishop (@bishopk0s) november 2
"yes
"president trump isn t sitting around waiting for multiple terror attacks before taking steps to help make america safer. during his brief press conference
"president trump isn t sitting around waiting for multiple terror attacks before taking steps to help make america safer. during his brief press conference
"yesterday
"the media cheered when democrat senator chuck schumer (d-ny) helped a 24-yr old muslim man enter the u.s. after he was denied entry the media was strangely silent
"while the mainstream media was salivating over the indictment of paul manafort by dirty cop robert mueller
"dc lawyer victoria toensing is one smart cookie. she s representing a former fbi informant who has evidence on kickbacks and bribery involving the transportation of uranium in the us. she recently told sean hannity her client will brief congress about russian involvement in the u.s. uranium market. this includes widespread bribery and actions that involved the clintons i m not going into detail
"after receiving heavy backlash
"imam tawhidi is an outspoken voice in the muslim community
"mark levin dropped a bombshell on his show tonight about the muslim terrorist who killed 9 people in manhattan and injured dozens.  the diversity visa program was given the green light by none other than new york democrat senator chuck schumer... mark levin; nyc muslim terrorist came to us under  diversity visa program    a bizarre lottery to shove more foreigners down our throats  deplorable md   (@mddeplorable) october 31
"when supporters of the democrat party start using ads that appear to be inspired by islamic acts of terror
"rep. jeb hensarling (r.
"now here s a hollywood actor who lives in reality while the left is still delusional about the trump win last november
"was the first actress who outed accused rapist and serial sexual abuser harvey weinstein targeted for ratting out the hollywood kingpin producer or is this simply a case of another hollywood liberal who believes she s above the law and can t believe she is actually going to be charged with felony drug possession? aren t felony drug possessions supposed to be for the little people who pay to watch hollywood actors perform? while her past history with weinstein is horrific
"when  comedian  andy dick repeatedly slid his hands up and down ivanka trump s legs during her interview with jimmy kimmel
"this summarization by peter flaherty
"wow! the arrogance is beyond the pale tony podesta s lawyer sent a threat to tucker carlson!tonight
 it’s pathetic” [video]"
"president trump and first lady melania trump looked like they were having a great time during the annual white house halloween party attended by about 6
"remember when hillary stood in front of the families and the 4 dead bodies of brave americans and lied about  an awful internet video  being the cause of their deaths:hillary was caught red-handed lying about the  video  by rep. jim jordon (r-oh) in front of the house select committee on benghazi during her testimony:will today s capture of a top militant who was instrumental in the benghazi attack finally solve the puzzle about what happened in benghazi? will the lies of hillary and barack obama finally be exposed? american military news   u.s. special operations forces have captured a top militant who was  instrumental  in the benghazi attack in libya in 2012 that killed u.s. ambassador chris stevens
"what s gotten into john boehner? he gave a strange interview to left-leaning politico and unloaded on former colleagues. during the interview he claimed he held no grudges against his former colleagues yet he called a few of them  a holes . was he drunk? he also got into it on twitter with sean hannity and hannity shot back questioning whether boehner had been drinking perhaps hannity is on to something.john were you sober when you said this? that conversation never happened. i m sorry you are bitter and u failed!   sean hannity (@seanhannity) october 30
"earlier today
"daily caller   the revelation on monday that former trump campaign adviser george papadopoulos has plead guilty to lying to the fbi about his contacts with russian operatives thrust the little-known energy consultant into the national spotlight.few details have been reported about the 30-year-old papadopoulos
 the boston globe…calls them “the white supremacist” for omitting his name from gop candidates running against fake indian elizabeth warren"
"how should the gay community feel about the trump-hating actor
"the main stream media is all aflutter this morning with the news that someone connected to president trump has been indicted. what they aren t telling you is what s more important. a cnn anchor gave a report this morning and not until the end of the report did she say that she  should  mention that this really has nothing to do with president trump.paul manafort and longtime associate rick gates have been told to surrender to federal authorities what the media isn t telling you is that the charges are from before manafort worked for trump. let s hope trump fires mueller asap this is a witch hunt that needs to end the 12 counts are for  money laundering and not registering as a foreign agent when manafort worked for pro-russian forces in the ukraine before they worked for the trump campaign.manafort was seen leaving his home this morning and then entering the fbi building with his lawyer:former trump campaign chair paul manafort told to turn himself in today: report  pic.twitter.com/4cx3tftgvv  fox news (@foxnews) october 30
000 to push for gun-control"
"earlier today
"in fly-over country
"busted! even moderate republican susan collins of maine said it best when she questioned how wasserman-schultz wouldn t know of the payment to fusion gps: it s difficult to imagine that a campaign chairman
"make no mistake about it
"on june 15
"former house of representatives member and chairman of the house committee on oversight and government reform jason chaffetz (ut-r)  was a guest on the judge jeanine show last night. judge jeanine started out her segment with chaffetz talking about how hillary clinton and friends keep lying and obfuscating the law. she asked chaffetz what he could tell her about what s being done
"the women s convention in detroit brings to mind the stereotypical liberal female who s angry and bitter:the detroit free press published photo after photo of women with raised fists and a look of anger see what we re getting at? the tired and failing democrats are grasping at the notion that president trump is  the enemy . they re behaving like sheeple and following blindly so it s no surprise that they followed the tired chant from california rep. maxine waters. she shouted  impeach 45  during her speech at the women s convention saturday.headlining speaker:waters was the headlining speaker for the women s march event
"republican rep. trey gowdy
000 to fund creation of fake trump dossier"
"when oakland athletics catcher bruce maxwell took a knee during the national anthem before their game against the texas rangers
"can you imagine being potus and having this threat every day while you re in the whitehouse? the threats are there but this type of threat is frightening because this man is apparently mentally ill. we were unable to find any pictures of this man. he made vile and graphic threats to president trump and was charged:a truck driver has been charged in federal court with threatening to assassinate president donald trump in several phone calls to secret service field offices.special agent matthew lariviere wrote in a criminal complaint unsealed tuesday that james anthony jackson repeatedly called the secret service field office in chicago on oct. 12-13 and made more phone calls to the field office in detroit on oct. 18 threatening to  blow trump s brains out. better watch donald trump ass
"the view s unhinged co-host joy behar
"brilliant conservative and american thinker contributor
"it s not at all surprising that at least 28% of democrats consider themselves to be atheists. fascinating this has to be embarrassing . . . if you re an atheist. a new study performed at the university of york used targeted magnetism to shut down part of the brain. the result: belief in god disappeared among more than 30 percent of participants.that in itself may not seem so embarrassing
"paul joseph watson nails it again. in the video below
"after months of finding no evidence of russian collusion with the trump campaign
"is representative nancy pelosi (d-ca) the member of congress who s receiving alzheimer s drugs from the d.c. pharmacist who revealed a dirty little washington secret about the drugs he delivers to congress members only 2 weeks ago? nancy s even more bizarre than usual behavior has led a lot of americans to question her mental capacity and wonder if she s one of the members who s receiving the medications to treat  serious health problems ?something is clearly wrong with nancy pelosi. why is everyone in washington dc and in the media ignoring her bizarre and incoherent interviews that leave viewers wondering how in the world she is fit to serve. american mirror   during her recent weekly press conference
"the nyp reported that the players whom bob mcnair employs were not happy about his comments at a recent nfl owners meeting.mcnair sparked the outrage by saying
"a former fbi informant who blew the whistle on a high-profile bribery case involving a russian energy company was intimidated by obama administration lawyers into dropping a civil suit against the government last year
"democratic california rep. brad sherman appeared as a guest on thursday s  tucker carlson tonight
"the news that a second man was able to sneak into the press gaggle inside the capitol building earlier this week is a huge red flag. with all of the hate and leftist extremists out there
"actor kevin sorbo and his wife
"could there be two creepier people than  creepy joe  biden and the sex-obsessed pop-star lady gaga
"exactly one year ago today on arrogant hillary clinton s birthday
"mark halperin has been accused by 5 different women of disgusting behavior while he was head of abc news. some of the things he s been accused of by the women are so disgusting and predatory. he repeatedly rubbed his genitals on 3 different women that was his mojo. he is a special kind of arrogant jerk who preyed on young women using his authority. he got a suspension from msnbc until they can sort this all out get the barf bucket out
"the walt disney company   the same group that s so woke
"the house passed the budget today by a very slim margin with no democrats voting for it and 20 republicans voting against it. please remember these names when it comes time to vote:20 house republicans vote against the budget vehicle to advance tax legislation.here s the full list. pic.twitter.com/n6uxqecon7  sahil kapur (@sahilkapur) october 26
"dnc chairman tom perez decided to create his own reality during a speech on tuesday. this is such a democrat thing they love to make up a false narrative and push it over and over to the sheeple who follow them. it s really pitiful that after so many months that all the democrats have is this lie the electoral college is a brilliant creation because it gives balance to voters would you want california and new york deciding our elections? that s what would happen without the electoral college. we bet that perez already knows this but is counting on the uneducated voters to buy into it .democratic national committee chairman tom perez incorrectly stated  the electoral college is not a creation of the constitution  during a tuesday night speech.(function(d
"liberalism is truly a mental disorder. sadly
"this is huge! the doj has authorized the fbi informant to speak with congress concerning alleged corruption involving clintons & uranium one:breaking: doj authorizes fbi informant to speak with congress concerning alleged corruption involving clintons & uranium one. #maga #dts  lou dobbs (@loudobbs) october 25
"by now
"u.s. rep. maxine waters attacked president trump about 27 seconds into her speech to  homeless lgbtq youth  at the ali forney center in new york city earlier this month.she began her speech with:  wow
"the investigation into the las vegas massacre stephen paddock just keeps getting more and more strange. since the shooting massacre that took the lives of 59
000 illegals to end-of-year spending deal? two hints: it’s not a democrat and he has a huge wall around his home"
"dr.ben carson was speaking today at thehill s newsmaker series event when he boldly said what only a brilliant neurosurgeon can say about people. dr. carson said that people who thought his past as a neurosurgeon did not qualify him for his hud position are  stupid.  oh yes he did!""people are so stupid.""   @realbencarson
"capitalism at work. it s funny how the loss of real money has a way of helping to remind nfl owners and the networks who support them
 stormed football field over black man who sprayed “kkk go home n***ers” on campus wall"
"one thing president trump has been able to do while in office is expose the politicians who are not true conservatives and who aren t supporting his policies. politicians like jeff flake fought trump on immigration and border security every step of the way. the voters agreed with trump so flake was heading for defeat in arizona by a large margin. instead of announcing his decision to not seek reelection quietly
"will this be the nail in the coffin for the obama/clinton crime families? they ve been able to skate through so many scandals and lawless deeds but this seems so different. last night
"tucker carlson had bombshell announcements tonight that he even seemed shocked by. the biggest one was that the podesta brothers and paul manafort are central figures in the russia investigation not trump:.@tuckercarlson: source says podesta brothers & manafort
"will trump s ag jeff sessions allow crooked hillary and friends to walk from their alleged involvement in the dossier that turned into a full-fledged witch hunt for president trump
"wow! the left-leaning washington post just broke this big story:clinton corruption- wapo reports dnc & clinton paid for debunked trump dossier. russia collusion was with dems in 2016 election. #maga #dts pic.twitter.com/4onuux01lb  lou dobbs (@loudobbs) october 25
"cnn s don lemon gave an oscar-worthy performance on air when he teared up after reading his  open letter  to president trump in response to trump s tweet attempting to respond to charges from the widow of a fallen soldier who was killed in niger earlier this month. lemon is further politicizing the phone call from president trump to the widow. shame on him.myeshia johnson
"sarah sanders hit back at senator corker today:  imagine progress that could be made if corker cooperated instead of grandstanded this isn t the first time sanders has admonished senator corker. in august of this year
"the swamp is draining one more rino is not running for reelection. senator jeff flake announced he will not run again today in a vindictive speech against president trump and republicans. hey
"thank goodness! devin nunes just announced a probe into the uranium one deal that smells to high heaven of corruption and money laundering by the clintons and the obama administration:breaking: devin nunes announces probe into the #uraniumonedeal. pic.twitter.com/c7p9mvdtya  based monitored   (@basedmonitored) october 24
"beyonce made an attempt to glorify the violent black panther s group during her nfl superbowl halftime show in 2015. former president barack obama once marched with the new black panthers while campaigning for president in selma
"serial liar and 2020 democrat presidential hopeful senator elizabeth warren just can t help herself. in an effort to try to make herself relevant and in what seems like a desperate attempt to address her irrelevancy
"the lawyer for the fbi informant under a gag order that prevents him from going before congress spoke out about what s to come with the clinton/russia uranium story:fox business reported: an informant for the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) is under a gag order that prevents him from testifying before the united states congress that russian nuclear officials were involved in fraudulent dealings in 2009 before the uranium one deal was approved.former attorney general loretta lynch blocked the informant from testifying last year and threatened criminal action against him if he were to do so.in an interview with fox business  lou dobbs
"it s astonishing that after all of the fake russia collusion on trump
"rep. maxine waters (d.
"on friday
"megyn kelly is quite possibly the least popular host on television. she s also quite possibly one of the highest paid hosts on one of the lowest rated morning shows on television. in her desperate attempt to do just about anything for ratings
 racist and obsessed with michelle obama”"
"oh the irony! left-leaning msnbc aired a segment about president trump s proposed border wall
"anti-trump besties matt damon and george clooney sat down with good morning america s michael strahan to discuss their good friend
"espn anchor jemele hill says she deserved to be suspended for getting too political on twitter (please see our previous report below). it s shocking that she s now all good and backtracking on her political activism when she was like a rabid dog with her hate for trump just weeks ago. do you believer her and do you think she should have apologized to president trump? we think she should have apologized do you believe her?the network had benched the  sportscenter  host for two weeks oct. 9 for a  second violation  of its social-media guidelines
"you seriously can t make this stuff up wouldn t it be great if we had a real and honest media
"the owners of teams where nfl players continue to kneel during the national anthem are about to get a very real wake up call as ticket sales and tv viewership continues to tank.images from nfl stadiums across america have been posted on twitter
"white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders revealed she says  a little prayer of god help me  each day before walking into the briefing room during an interview on  fox news sunday. dana perino
"first of all
"hillary clinton continued her overseas trashing of our president with her latest claim that former president bush said some rude things about the ceremony. she s so bitter that it s embarrassing. she s the poster child for what a liberal elitist pig looks like. check out this video of clinton describing how she tried to get out of going to the inauguration:can you believe this hateful woman? she claims that after other former presidents announced they were going that he and bill looked at each other and said
"the democrats are fighting against closing our border with mexico at every step of the way. they want open borders it s that simple. if you vote for democrats then you re voting for open borders. they have zero interest in stopping the flow of illegals to america. one of the key things to remember about open borders is it s not just the people from mexico looking for a job or better life. the truth is that our open border has become a global magnet for people from all over the world to come for many different reasons. one of the reasons is terrorism the case below highlights the desperate need for border control if we want to stop the flow of terrorists to america and canada:the somali terrorist who stabbed a canadian police officer and ran over four pedestrians a few weeks ago entered the united states through the mexican border and was released by obama s department of homeland security (dhs)
"there s so much to know in order to understand just how bad the uranium one scandal is to what s happening now with the fake russia probe by comey. once you understand the connections and the details of it
" potty mouth perez  is at it again with his hate and vulgarity. he s repeatedly gone low when it comes to president trump. his manner of speaking is so crude and hateful that it s pretty shocking to hear his speeches. we ve reported on them before and have spoken about how perez is a former la raza guy who is a radical from a way back. he fights dirty and is one of obama s minions. if this is the direction the democrats are going in it s pretty ugly. ousting activists trying to quell accusations that he is ousting activists from the party s left flank
"earlier today
"on friday s broadcast of hbo s  real time
"why is this not front page news on every major media outlet?russian intelligence targeted hillary clinton before she became secretary of state in 2009
"when people say  what happens in las vegas
"who better to take on george w. bush than steve bannon. he responded to the speech last week by bush where he took a veiled swipe at president trump. it was shocking that after 8 disastrous years of obama when bush said absolutely nothing
"sounds to me like gen. kelly got it right. this portion of her speech seems to emphasize her role in getting the naming done. that was his point
"the new report on the number of missing afghan trainees draws attention to the current policy that obviously needs to be changed. the terror risk is bad enough and the cost to train these soldier is huge. remember when obama was famously called out for the outrageous cost per trainee? reuters reported in october of 2016 that  washington has allocated more than $60 billion since 2002 to train and equip afghan troops. this is a waste of taxpayer dollars. immigration agents say they re  worried  about the terror risk with these awol trainees.while other foreign troops on u.s. military training visits have sometimes run away
"if you get the chance to visit the smithsonian
"filmmaker and author phelim mcaleer knew he was going to ruffle some feathers when he decided to open his ferguson-the play in the leftist hotbed of new york city. mcaleer has never been one to shy away from controversy
 no cattle’: sarah sanders hits back at ‘cowgirl’ congresswoman’s claim that gen. kelly was lying about her [video]"
"melania trump is embracing a more active and public schedule as first lady   but she still runs one of the leanest east wing operations in recent history.according to a fox news analysis of white house personnel reports
"barack obama stutters through yet another jerky moment where he just can t zip his lips: he s the president who just won t go away:  some
"remember when candidate donald trump was condemned by the left for telling americans that we have criminals coming across our borders? well
 is a “racist term”"
"two days ago
"paul ryan attended the al smith dinner last night and proceeded to take swipes at president trump the entire time. not funny! he just looked like a jerk reading bad and insulting jokes from a script. watch below:watch: speaker paul ryan roasts president trump at al smith dinner. read more:  pic.twitter.com/pinngur7v3  nbc news (@nbcnews) october 20
"nbc host matt lauer on thursday asked former cia director john brennan whether military officials surrounding president donald trump would  tackle him  before he engaged in a nuclear confrontation.brennan replied that trump has unilateral authority to authorize military action.lauer asked brennan hesitantly about reports surrounding america s procedure to deploy nuclear weapons under trump
"buzzfeed reports
" out of all of the places we ve ever been overseas
"white house chief of staff john kelly says he was stunned to learn that congresswoman frederica wilson listened in on the president s call to a fallen soldier s wife. he came into the white house press briefing and let the press have it too. he goes through the steps of what happens when someone in the military is killed. he says that the members of our military are the best 1% of our population. he said he was  brokenhearted  when he found out what a member of congress did. this is a heartfelt moment that is amazing:kelly does a great job of cutting through the bs from the press:the retired general who lost his own son in afghanistan said the call to sgt. la david t. johnson s wife should have been  sacred. it stuns me that a member of congress would have listened in on that conversation. absolutely stuns me. i thought at least that was sacred
"lost in the uproar over the nfl sideline protests against police brutality are newly released statistics showing that the threat to black men is skyrocketing   not from trigger-happy or racist cops
"wow! these texas democratic congresswomen are unreal!  we just had the bedazzled cowgirl congresswoman frederica wilson trying to stir up lies against trump. now this:texas congresswoman bernice johnson might regret commenting on the allegations against serial sexual assaulter harvey weinstein when she said  that women also have a responsibility to stop sexual assault and harassment. she thinks women shouldn t appear  inviting this woman is so in the dark about sexual assault: i grew up in a time when it was as much the woman s responsibility as a man s how you were dressed
"nyc mayor bill de blasio is really pushing it when he continuously bashes the new york yankees by refusing to support them. he won t go to a game and refuses to wear a yankees baseball cap. it turns out that de blasio is a turncoat he s a  rabid  boston red sox fan! maybe he should go be the mayor of boston then with the yankees one win away from being in the world series
"two us senators who couldn t be more ideologically opposed
"thanks to one very brave journalist and filmmaker
"in june of 2016
"white house press secretary sarah sanders on wednesday blasted democratic rep. frederica wilson s criticism of the president s call to a fallen soldier s widow as  appalling and disgusting
"sean hannity was on fire with his opening comments on the clinton-uranium one deal bombshell last night. he ripped the clintons and called on trump s intelligence and law officials to investigate the scandal. it s a classic hannity rant:  after president trump won in november
"more evidence is mounting against hillary clinton: judge napolitano just said that the new e-mails found on anthony weiner s computer will lead to an indictment for hillary clinton if the fbi reopens the case: on tuesday
"senator al franken tried his best to grandstand and corner jeff sessions in testimony on the hill today. sessions came back reading exact quotes of what he said in past testimony destroying franken s attempts to mischaracterize his testimony. sessions did a masterful job of shutting down franken who twisted sessions  words like all lying democrats have done. sessions called him out on it by insisting on having a chance to refute franken s comments: mr. chairman
"yesterday
"the left is going ballistic over supposed words said by president trump to a grieving military widow.  president trump made a call to myeshia wilson that s been turned into a political football by the left to make trump out to be  crazy . wilson s husband was killed in niger while serving in our military so president trump was making a sympathy call to mrs. wilson. unfortunately
"the left is going ballistic over supposed words said by president trump to a grieving military widow.  president trump made a call to myeshia wilson that has been turned into a political football by the left to make trump out to be  crazy . wilson s husband was killed in niger while serving in our military.the media also wasted no time covering this story that does it s best to try and make trump look as bad as possible just another day in the life of the lefty media.far left congresswoman  frederica wilson jumped right in to trash trump after the call. she s following the left s narrative by claiming trump is a  sick man .  it s pretty funny that wilson calls trump crazy while wearing a glittery cowgirl hat 24/7.according to nbc: he said
"the cnn  journalist  who posted the video of president trump helping polio survivor mitch mcconnell up the stairs
"this is the best yet! a message to hollywood that went viral. it covers most of the things we think of when we think of the hypocrisy that runs rampant there:hollywood:you lecture us about our carbon footprints while flying on private jets.you preach feminism while brutalizing women.you castigate violence while making millions off it in your movies.you condemn guns
"wow! the truth hurts! john mccain becomes a total ass when asked by fox reporter peter doocy if his votes are a protest of president trump:in case tyou didn t catch that: senator john mccain:  why would you say something that stupid? why would you ask something that dumb? huh? my job as a united states senator as a senator from arizona which i was just reelected to. you think that i would somehow behave in a way that i would block everything just because of some personal disagreement? that s a dumb question. doocy s question really isn t too far off. we could begin with mccain s shocking vote for keeping obamacare. since then
"batman fans who have been looking forward to the upcoming batman sequel
"batman fans who have been looking forward to the upcoming batman sequel
"president trump hit back at senator john mccain in a pointed statement that should make it clear that trump isn t playing around with globalist rino mccain anymore. you can t blame trump because mccain just keeps nipping at his heels with swipes trying to undermine trump s policies. rino mccain famously demolished the latest effort to repeal and replace obamacare in a dramatic show during the vote. mccain came onto the floor at the end of the senate vote and voted no with a dramatic thumbs down motion.mccain has been at odds with trump since trump questioned mccains status as a war hero. it seems mccain has had it out for trump ever since.another bombshell on the mccain/trump feud hypothesizes that the trump dossier could have come from mccain.the latest slam to trump happened just last night  during a speech mccain gave. mccain called out trump s nationalism but it didn t take long for trump to respond:president donald trump on tuesday issued a warning shot after republican sen. john mccain questioned  half-baked
 obama
"it had been reported (see our previous report below) but not verified that fbi director james comey drafted his exoneration letter months before his public statement on hillary clinton s email investigation. we now have  verifiable proof  that it is true.well
"a spokesperson for the clinton foundation claims the group will not return weinstein s donations
"fox news reporter john roberts told president trump that in an earlier interview
"the view s joy behar was beaming after watching a clip of eminem trashing president trump at the bet awards
"hillary clinton praised london s socialized medicine after a fall down the stairs sent her to the hospital for examination. she came out wearing a boot on her foot. she says she broke her toe .hummmbut wait! her communications director nick merrill tweeted this out:she said she twisted her ankle so which is it? we call bs!hrc on the graham norton show
"she s really come undone in this latest interview hillary clinton became visibly irritated during an interview with australian tv when she was asked about wikileaks  assange.the interview with local australian tv has several delusional moments that reveal her continued bitterness and downright psychosis when it comes to the 2016 election loss to donald trump. i think assange has become a nihilistic opportunist who does the bidding of a dictator
"founder of the ford motor company
"apparently
"after bill  and chelsea clinton both dodged reporters asking if their foundation would return donations from harvey weinstein
"prior to the 2016 election (oct  16) consumer confidence measured by the university of michigan was indexed at 87.2 today that same confidence rating is 101.1 a stunning 15.9% increase. similarly
"child actor corey feldman appeared on the view in 2013 to talk about his book that exposed some of the richest and most powerful people in the business [hollywood]
"george lopez was hired to be the emcee for the children s diabetes foundation s carousel ball. lopez thought it would be a good idea to turn what should have been an event to help sick children into an opportunity to express his hate for president trump and his supporters. bad idea here s the promotion for lopez from the children s diabetes foundation on twitter:we are excited to announce that commedian & acotor @georgelopez will be the emcee for this year's #carouselball!  pic.twitter.com/acpai9f22a  cdf (@cdfdiabetes) september 21
"sheriff clarke has it right! the nfl wasn t listening to fans a year ago and they re still not listening. as the league sinks lower and lower in ratings
"geraldo rivera said his trip to puerto rico after hurricane maria confirmed how badly biased the press is against president trump. having seen how he was treated in puerto rico and then seeing the press about how he was treated in puerto rico it was almost an absolute 100 percent disconnect
"he was given the option to kneel in protest before the game
"the left is really great at eating its own. feminists think starbucks has a special drink that s racist and they re going after the coffee house because of it. no
"all we can say about this development is that it s about time the gop congressman did something about the wild goose chase mueller and his team have been going on.nineteen republican congressmen signed on to a letter (see a screenshot of the letter at the bottom of this article) sent out friday requesting congressional hearings to keep special counsel robert mueller and his team of lawyers accountable. this team has sweeping authority and an open-ended mission
 actor george clooney of helping to “blacklist” her after she reported sexual harassment"
"british tv journalist matt frei asked hillary clinton if she s still blaming other more than herself in an interview friday: your dynastic appeal or perhaps it was the opposite: the fact that you were called clinton the fact that you were first lady basically trumped any novelty if you forgive the term of being the first female president of the united states
" the fbi is out of control. it is stunning that the fbi  found  these clinton-lynch tarmac records only after we caught the agency hiding them in another lawsuit.    judicial watch tom fitton.fbi hid 30 documents related to clinton-lynch tarmac meeting.   real jack (@realjack) october 14
 says sex claims against bill are “clearly in the past”…claims trump has “admitted to being a sexual assaulter in the oval office”"
"while fecklessness towards the emerging north korean threat characterized the clinton and bush  43 administrations
"west virginia has a proud coal mining history rooted in the american spirit. one coal miner showed that spirit
"well
"senator dianne feinstein recently announced she would be running again she s 84-years old! her career in politics has been a very lucrative undertaking. how could she possibly give that up? the power and the money are just too hard to pass up for retirement. the on;y problem is that sudden;y feinstein has challengers how dare they try and dethrone the powerhouse senator who was once the mayor of san francisco game on!a potential primary challenger to sen. dianne feinstein (d.
"speaking to bill maher about her participation in the women s march in dc
"state department spokeswoman heather nauert did a great job of defending the u.s. move to pull out of a un organization that has been connected to terrorist organizations hostile to israel. israel immediately praised the move by the trump administration and announced they will follow:the u.s. will withdraw from united nations educational
cnn host don lemon and conservative commentator ben ferguson got into a heated debate on wednesday night over nfl players kneeling during the national anthem in protest of racial injustice in the united statesdon lemon is such a moron who never listens to anyone s opinion and talks over everyone during interviews. who knows why he s still employed by cnn!here s a past report on don lemon s closed mind:don lemon tries to blame donald trump for the incident in montana between a republican candidate and a reporter. the candidate  body-slammed  the reporter who was asking a question. the candidate went on to win the election but the left is determined to use this incident to score political points.paris dennard won t back down when lemon tries to blame trump. paris and lemon have a long history of heated discussions. great job by paris dennard!
"this is great! gen. john kelly surprised the white house press today when he walked out to speak with the them. he set them straight and told them trump s biggest problem is their fake news stories. he asked them to  get better sources  for their reporting lol!the press has been speculating that kelly will quit his job as chief of staff i m not quitting today i don t think i m being fired today  he came out and put that to rest! he s not quitting but went on to say the job is not easy: this is the hardest job i ve ever had. this is
"today
 and democrat donor
 this is a country that respects us now” [video]"
 we are going to come for you
"cnn political commentator van jones on wednesday visited abc s  the view
"during a private meeting of the most senior republican senators
"the democratic national committee announced friday that it is still holding onto most of the money it received from hollywood mogul and alleged sexual harasser harvey weinstein.the dnc will donate just ten percent of the almost $300
"the numbers are in
"project veritas  latest installment in the american pravda series takes aim at the new york times
"president trump greeted the nhl s stanley cup winning pittsburgh penguins at the white house today. the president and first lady were on hand to greet the team and coaches. the president was given a small replica of the stanley cup very cool!president trump welcomed the pittsburgh penguins to the white house on tuesday to congratulate them on their stanley cup win.  you are true
 mother of his young kids is leaving…here’s what she’s saying to the victims"
"harvey weinstein was among a host of hollywood actors and producers that donated $10
"ben affleck posted a statement expressing his sadness and anger over billionaire producer and hollywood kingpin
"are we finally watching the end times for hollywood celebrities
"after several days of silence
"wow! it s about time roger goodell stepped up to tell the players to stand for our national anthem. goodell released a statement today that he expects the nfl players to stand for our anthem. he said in his statement below: we need to move past this controversy
 then you shouldn’t be in this country playing football”"
"this is unbelievable! the russia collusion scam has been going on for months now with fingers pointing everywhere there is a trump team member. specifically
"meeeeoowwww the comments below by ivana trump were totally out of line and rude. ivana is promoting her new book but it s only a turn-off when she behaves like this to melania. who wants to support anything this snarky woman promotes? the rude comments go on and on first lady melania trump wasted no time in responding. we give her credit she called it exactly what it was:  attention-seeking and self-serving noise ivana trump said she should be considered the  first lady  because she was president trump s first wife
"yesterday
"ap  president donald trump has told congressional leaders that his hard-line immigration priorities must be enacted in exchange for extending protection from deportation to hundreds of thousands of young immigrants
 “peed” on the field
"president trump blasted the  fake  media (see full interview below) for criticizing his response to hurricane maria and said puerto ricans actually loved it when he lobbed  these beautiful
 and top hillary donor
 kicks them out of business: “i’m gay. you have to leave”"
"in a bizarre interview with irish tv
"nfl reporter jason lacanfora updated football fans about former san francisco quarterback colin kaepernick who found himself without a job after he began kneeling during the playing of our national anthem before the games. kaepernick kneeled to try to bring attention to the plight of black lives matter
"president trump just exposed one of the biggest obstructionists to making america great again senator bob corker asked for an endorsement from trump but trump just tweeted out that he refused to endorse corker. corker has threatened to obstruct and be a thorn in the side of trump because he has nothing to lose now that he s not running for reelection. what that tells us is this man was never a true republican! he s a rino! drain the swamp!proof below that what trump said is true:corker threatens to halt progress on tax reform corker announced in september that he will retire after his term expires in 2018. sen. corker announced his departure from the senate one day after breitbart news reported on his $3 million  swamp  deal and just hours after conservative judge roy moore beat establishment candidate sen. luther strange (r-al) in a senate runoff election.now
"mike pence tweeted about how he was looking forward to attending a colts game with his wife karen today. his excitement was quickly extinguished
"if john persinger wins the mayoral race in erie
"we just discovered another reason not to support the nfl the man who is the most anti-american person we know is now connected to the national football league players association (nflpa)  the nflpa has recently financially supported a veritable  who s who  list of far-left organizations
 rino senator just got some very bad news"
"msnbc host chris matthews on thursday accused republicans of being  fanatics does this surprise anyone? he said republicans support private ownership of tanks and bazookas. the drama queens on the left just can t seem to get off the topic of gun ownership and bans on guns. the republican platform protects magazines. it protects ar-15s. it protects everything that is even discussed
"house majority whip steve scalise (r.
"things didn t go as well as nicholle had hoped and now
"the scene below is from the movie killing europe :terrorist attacks
"a russian lawmaker who just returned from a visit to pyongyang has said north korea is preparing to launch another missile  in the nearest future .anton morozov
"things didn t go as well as nicholle had hoped and now
"eag    black students united    which represents people of the  african diaspora    penned a letter to university administration recently in response to allegations that a white student from the psi upsilon fraternity severely beat a black student from the kappa sigma fraternity in mid-august.cornell closed down the psi upsilon fraternity as it works to  develop and implement steps to be a more equitable
"tucker carlson and greg gutfeld are great together in their take on hillary s never-ending book tour and recent jimmy fallon appearance. they discussed fallon segment where women nauseatingly fawned over hillary clinton and miley cyrus even cried while reading a thank you note to clinton. in what was supposed to be a somewhat serious moment
"with puerto rico teetering on financial oblivion and asking for financial help from the u.s.
"how many times have liberals used the argument that  everyone s relatives came here illegally!  ? the answer is about a million or more times. liberals can t seem to differentiate between people who came to our nation to either escape persecution or to find a better life that came through ellis island or immediately applied for citizenship in america
"san juan mayor carmen yulin cruz tore a book from the nasty democrat women s playbook on wednesday and wore a black t-shirt emblazoned with the word  nasty  during an interview with univision s jorge ramos. in case anyone forgot
"chicago tribune   just weeks after stoking controversy by using nazi imagery on his jewish deli s facebook page
"nancy sinatra sent out an absolutely vile tweet today
"this is what democrats think of people who broke our laws to come to america? nancy pelosi thanked a  dreamer s  parents wednesday for bringing him to the united states illegally. pelosi made the remark during a town hall with cnn s chris cuomo where she took a question from  dreamer  adrian reyna. our dreamers
"president trump and his lovely wife melania spent the day in las vegas
"a former governor of puerto rico shut down a question from msnbc host mika brzezinski on wednesday when she asked about president donald trump s treatment of san juan mayor carmen yul n cruz.trump and cruz s interactions and criticisms have drawn national attention during the process of helping puerto rico recover from hurricane maria
"let s hope this angry leftist mayor doesn t prevent individual donors from contributing to help the people of san juan who may not agree with her hateful attacks on our president
"many are wondering if the las vegas mass killer acted alone. in a video that was taken by cab driver cori langdon as she entered the mandalay bay casino on what she thought was a routine drive
 civilian heroes and first responders [video]"
"during the 2016 presidential election
 ceo of las vegas mgm and mandalay bay resort asked employees to donate to cair only 2 months ago
"michelle obama is hands-down
"u.s. immigration and customs enforcement said tuesday that a somali refugee charged with ramming his car into a canadian policeman
"when did our washington dc mall become a staging area for feminist statements? do families traveling to dc really need to see a statue of a naked woman standing next to the washington monument? don t we have a number of museums in dc that would be a more appropriate temporary home for a 45-foot statue of a naked woman?the organizers of catharsis on the mall are planning to have a 45-foot-tall statue of a naked woman near the washington monument for several months.the national park services confirmed to fox 5 it received and was reviewing a public gathering permit application for catharsis on the mall which would include erecting a 45-foot tall statue of a naked woman.organizers for the event said the statue
"andrea mitchell is  annoyed  with president trump and mike barnicle is  sick of seeing him . how do we know? they openly displayed a disgust for our president on the air today! mitchell s beef is with the supposed poor treatment of the san juan mayor at a meeting today on recovery efforts in puerto rico. we think the leftist media is officially losing it over a president who calls out liars like mayor cruz who tried to politicize disaster response by the feds. can you blame trump for skipping over her even though he officially greeted her? she lied through her teeth to make trump and the feds look bad. a couple other things also peeved the left. they hated the comment from trump claiming puerto rico has  thrown our budget a little out of whack . chuck schumer and other dem leaders came out admonishing trump. can you blame trump for commenting on the expense when puerto rico is $72 billion dollars in debt? the second thing trump did was to toss out paper towels to people in the crowd during the day. the left was horrified. yes
"cori langdon
"late-night tv host jimmy kimmel opened his program monday with a ten-minute political rant about sunday s mass murder in las vegas
"trump administration officials are mulling an executive order that would instruct federal agencies to review low-income assistance programs
"just before the gunman began shooting
"cnn reporter jeff zeleny said on monday that country music fans who attended the las vegas concert  sunday night were  likely trump supporters . zeleny does what the left has been saying not to do he politicizes this horrific massacre by using identity politics. what would the left do without identity politics? it s their go-to strategy in all situations but is particularly sickening in this tragic one.note: there is some mic trouble during the video at least 50 people were killed and more than 500 were injured when gunman stephen paddock opened fire on country music festival attendees sunday night from his 32nd floor room at mandalay bay hotel
 mother of 3
"lady gaga and julianne moore are speaking out after the horrific terror attack that left at least 58 people dead and 515 injured in las vegas on sunday night.the hollywood stars both took to twitter on monday
"the first thing that comes to mind when you think of hillary clinton s response to the las vegas shooting is that she s gone on twitter and removed all doubt that she s clueless when it comes to guns and gun control. what s even more unbelievable is she wasted no time politicizing this horrific event while asking everyone else not to: we can and must put politics aside
"good morning britain viewers have been left baffled by pop diva mariah carey s appearance on monday s installment following the breaking news of a shooting in las vegas.the 47-year-old hitmaker was due to chat to host piers morgan and susanna reid about her upcoming christmas shows in london and paris before news broke about the shocking incident at the route 91 harvest music festival   which so far has claimed the lives of 50 people and left more than 400 injured.appearing in a live feed from her beverly hills home
 who received death threats for supporting president trump was on #lasvegas stage last night with jason aldean"
"anyone who is not yet convinced that liberalism is a mental disorder hasn t been on social media since president trump s inauguration. every day the hateful rhetoric is ramped up by liberals who are no longer able to function in everyday society since they ve been afflicted with trump derangement syndrome.hollywood celebrities are holding up severed heads of our president. has been pop-stars like madonna say things like they d like to  blow up  the white house. black lives matter has inspired an entire league of overpaid professional nfl athletes to turn what was a movement against our brave law enforcement officers into an anti-american
"an online radio station based out of oklahoma gave veterans free car washes with the nfl treatment on saturday. volunteers at the event used nfl jerseys and other sports gear to wash down veterans  vehicles for three hours as a response to nfl players protesting the national anthem before games. we met some great people
" when they go low we go high.    michelle obama famously used this quote to explain the difference between democrats and republicans at the dnc convention. sadly
 kneel and lock arms after trump tweet to respect anthem [video]"
"it s shocking that stalking conservatives to intimidate or harm them is actually happening in 2017. several instances of stalking and threatening behavior have been reported by conservatives on campus at uc berkeley. the latest reported by campus reform is a series of tweets telling where to stalk a group of campus republicans having dinner.naweed tahmas
"a man shouting  allahu akbar  has stabbed two women to death with a butcher s knife before being gunned down by soldiers in marseille.the victims
"how much longer will the citizens of san juan
"san juan s mayor railed against president trump s acting dhs secretary for expressing optimism about the progress the us has made in their relief efforts for residents of puerto rico. san juan s mayor
"two students at a metro atlanta elementary school say they were singled out for what they did during the pledge of allegiance. tuesday morning at orrs elementary school
" last week
"football legend herschel walker weighed in on the nfl kneeling controversy giving the players one key piece of advice keep it off the field!  walker says donald trump is right when it comes to standing for the national anthem and that commissioner rodger goodell needs to take control of the situation.the viral video above shows walker lending his support to trump. he happens to be a personal friend who worked for the president and was on trump s hit show  the apprentice .he criticized both the players who have decided to kneel and nfl commissioner roger goodell for allowing the protests:  i think it means making a league-wide rule that if you want to protest
 nothing is racist’ [video]"
"during game 1 of the wnba finals
"democrats have the perfect weapon to take down donald trump in 2020
"first lady melania trump fired back friday at a massachusetts elementary school librarian who rejected her donation of dr. seuss books
"it doesn t matter how many times president trump has shown himself to be a man of the people
"steven crowder is an amazing and always unafraid conservative comedian. he was present at the union battle for  right to work  in michigan where he was famously punched in the face by a union thug
"meanwhile
the nra has a new ad out that features navy seal dom raso speaking about the sacrifices of our military and why he stands for our anthem: i stand for my brothers who can t stand anymore    dom rasoraso discusses the new commercial with stuart varney. the former navy seal comments on why he thinks americans are so  p*ssed off  about kneeling during the anthem. he says people need to remember the foundation that all of this has been built on.varney says he thinks the nfl is the big loser in all of this. raso reiterates that it s the foundation of america and how we should look around and see how far we ve come.  everybody s paying attention it s the timing we couldn t agree more with raso. do your protest on your own time. we also believe raso is correct in assuming some of these players just don t have a clue.this is our favorite sign from last night s game and expresses exactly what raso is talking about when he says  it s the timing . do your protest on your own time play football!
"last night s game between the bears and packers is usually a fun-filled event that s become a huge tradition for football fans everywhere. last night was no exception!the stadium was filled with fans who chanted usa
"watching sports on tv or going to a football stadium to watch a game
 don’t come to the game’ [video]"
"yesterday
"the backlash from angry fans has only gotten bigger with the refusal of teams like the packers asking the fans to join in on the protest. how deaf can they be to the sound of angry fans who want teams to stand with hand over heart for our flag and national anthem.the left is busy conflating the nfl protest with their rage over the election of trump they ve turned trump s comments into a  dog whistle  of racism remember when trump called the players  son s of b*tches ? well
"have americans already forgotten about the real reason kaepernick was kneeling during the national anthem? he was kneeling in support of black lives matter and their war against law enforcement. nfl players who kneel or stand in solidarity with colin kaepernick are protesting against our law enforcement. should anyone be surprised by the backlash these players are receiving from their fans
"the nfl is in crisis mode after the massive backlash last weekend against the disrespectful behavior of the players who knelt during our national anthem. fans burned team merchandise and cancelled nfl cable from direct tv. it was so ugly that the nfl reportedly hired a crisis management person to help deal with the bad feelings from fans. the steelers were no exception and are backpedaling like crazy we think the steelers got the memo from their fans after a huge backlash about standing in the tunnel during the national anthem last sunday
"a school librarian in cambridge
 boy!”"
"the owner of the ringling bar
 creed
"after being shot 3 months ago (see below)
"how very bold of the white yahoo sports writer greg wyshynski
"on september 6
"the football league formerly known as the lingerie football league (now the legends football league) announced via instagram and video this week its belief that america s flag and national anthem are  far too sacred  to protest.the all-woman league said in a tuesday statement that its players would not be taking a knee during the national anthem as many of their male counterparts in the nfl have done. the lfl recognizes everyone s first amendment right to protest
"every american taxpayer should be outraged at the numbers in the report below. open borders under 8 years of obama is costing american taxpayers a tremendous amount more than ever before! don t forget the thousands upon thousands of illegal alien minors who flooded the border during obama s presidency. the bottom line is that open borders have consequences and the unfortunate consequence for taxpayers is we re footing the bill for illegals and this is not sustainable!the swelling population of illegal immigrants and their kids is costing american taxpayers $135 billion a year
"  one day after actress debra messing revealed that she regretted going on megyn kelly s new nbc morning show
"michelle obama just can t stop digging at president trump but she s now going after female voters for voting for him in the 2016 election! video below is of michelle obama on  finding your voice 
"has the left and the leftist media managed to make americans forget why this whole  kneeling in protest against the american flag  in the nfl started? have americans forgotten the statement made by colin kaepernick when asked why he kneeled during our national anthem while every other player stood in respect for our flag?when the san francisco 49 ers qb colin kaepernick was asked why he kneeled during our national anthem
"bill o reilly revealed last night during his segment with sean hannity that they were threatened by media maters not to have the interview (please see below). these two are great together! o reilly calls out the main stream media in a big way.the interview is fantastic! they should do this more often.fox news reported:bill o reilly blasted left-wing groups for trying to  wipe out speech  they disagree with.sean hannity said the media has become corrupt and  bitterly ideological. o reilly agreed that progressive groups like media matters track and threaten independent voices in the media who do not conform to progressive orthodoxy or talking points. these people want to wipe out any speech with which they disagree
"two years ago
"rumors continue to swirl around west virginia senator joe manchin who told voters during a facebook live q & a that he thinks nfl owners should step in and tell players protesting during the national anthem they won t tolerate it. the democrat senator has been brushing off talk that he s switching parties to become a republican. he often agrees with the republican party and has recently commented that he doesn t  give a sh*t  if he s reelected. manchin came down on the side of the president in the nfl controversy and had some heartfelt comments about why he stands for our anthem. he called on the nfl owners to address the disrespect in kneeling during the anthem:senator joe manchin:  this is something the owners have to address. the owners of these football teams
"luther strange will likely be the first and last establishment candidate trump will make the admitted  mistake  of supporting roy moore defeated alabama sen. luther strange in tuesday s alabama republican senate primary runoff.the primary took on national importance as president trump endorsed strange
"john mccain really doesn t care what topic reporters ask him about
"satellite service directv is refunding nfl sunday ticket subscriptions for customers offended by the weekend s national anthem protests.normally the company does not give refunds for the specialty package after the season starts
"in a city that has more registered democrats than republicans
" i will stand with america because i kneel    attention starved sheila jackson leerep. sheila jackson lee just couldn t stand it anymore she just had to pull out her race card and kneel on the house floor today to show solidarity with the nfl players who kneeled during the national anthem over the weekend.we noticed a coordinated move last night with the main stream media and politicians to  make this into  trump is a racist  for calling the players  sons of bitches we heard  dog whistle  so many times it became funny. all of the cable channels had dem talking heads claiming trump spoke directly to only the black players when he condemned the protest. they even brought the mothers of players into this lol: we simply ask for the dignity and respect to not call our mothers a son-of-a-b. even though president trump never made this about race
"yesterday afternoon
"local artist rico lavelle was given the distinct honor and privilege of singing the national anthem on the ford field at the start of the lions football game on sunday. singing the national anthem has always been about honoring our flag and the brave women and men it represents who have given their lives for our nation. the seriousness of what happened near the end of lavelle s performance cannot be understated. rico lavelle used his privilege to honor our flag and our military to instead
"san antonio spurs coach gregg popovich is a total ass. there is no other way to say it! this jackwagon  claimed on espn2 s  the paul finebaum show  monday that  people have to be made to feel uncomfortable
"despite massive boycott threats by consumers
"a fumbling nancy pelosi tried to defend former nfl quarterback colin kaepernick s  first amendment  right to kneel during the national anthem. she couldn t quite get the name out and stuttered to say it. if you ve been following pelosi
"outspoken conservative paul joseph watson is
"the dallas cowboys tried to have it both ways tonight at the start of the monday night football game. the team was joined by owner jerry jones as they knelt before the national anthem they stood with arms linked during the anthem. what do you think of this attempt to straddle the fence?crowd erupts in boos as owner jerry jones and entire dallas cowboys team kneel live on monday night football pic.twitter.com/zbkt3kmxyr  jack posobiec (@jackposobiec) september 26
"pittsburgh s head coach mike tomlin showed his solidarity for players who took a cowardly stand against our president after trump said nfl owners should fire players who disrespect our flag during the national anthem. the pittsburg steelers team and coaching disrespected our flag and our veterans who have sacrificed so much by hiding in a tunnel instead of joining the fans to honor our flag. after the game
"the man who won two super bowls for the city of pittsburgh says that he now regrets the fact that he and his steelers teammates refused to stand on the field for the national anthem during sunday s game. now he regrets it? how is it that these athletes didn t feel strongly enough before the anthem to stand up? steelers qb ben roethlisberger says he regrets standing in tunnel with team for national anthem pic.twitter.com/4hkoc8o7o1  darren rovell (@darrenrovell) september 25
"stadium worker erich nikischer quit his job at new era field after almost 30 years. i waited until the national anthem ended
 you better shut up’ [video]"
"several team owners said they would come down hard on any drivers who did not stand during the national anthem. that included nascar legend richard petty
"when will & grace creators david kohan and max mutchnick reunited the stars of the nbc comedy in fall 2016
"new york giants player odell beckham jr. scored a pair of touchdowns in the team s 27-24 loss to the eagles and celebrated the scores in very different ways very disgusting ways.odell beckham is the perfect heel pic.twitter.com/6olfasnj2u  dan gartland (@dan_gartland) september 24
" i respect the office
" the message that we re all hoping to send is that not standing for the national anthem does nothing but disrespect every service member and their family members who ever fought for this country.    iraq war veteran matt keilthis hits the nail on the head! thank you to the veterans! thank you for your service!yesterday
 megyn kelly goes on ellen degeneres show…blames trump for her exit from fox news…claims she was “never a political person”…ellen’s not buying it"
"the main stream media is totally ignoring the horrific case of a sudanese immigrant who stormed into a tennessee church this morning and killed 1
 michelle and barack obama are looking to buy $15 million piece of land from caroline kennedy on martha’s vineyard"
"wall street might be shocked to learn it is helping bankroll the anti-trump  resistance  movement that s aggressively fighting policies it favors   including corporate tax cuts and the repeal of obama-era banking and health-care regulations.the payola is potentially earmarked for third-party interest groups approved by the justice department and hud without requiring any proof of how the funds will be spent. many of the recipients so far are radical leftist organizations who solicited the settlement cash from the administration even though they were not parties to the lawsuits
"he clarified that protesting in the united states is a right
"this heartfelt facebook comment by a detroit lion s fan speaks for so many americans:  i have been a die hard detroit lions fan since i first remember listening on the radio
"pittsburgh steelers players were absent from the sideline and remained in the locker room during the star spangled banner.alejandro villanueva
"former army ranger alejandro villanueva was the only pittsburgh steelers player to appear on the field and stand for the national anthem today. think about it one player out of all of the players showed respect for what our flag stands for. they just don t get it boycott the nfl!alejandro villanueva was the only steeler to come out for the national anthem
" any agreement or disagreement with a president s politics
"the baltimore ravens and jacksonville jaguars  teams took a knee in defiance of donald trump at wembley stadium today after he said sportsmen who  disrespect america  should be  fired .disrespecting our flag for what?players from both jacksonville jaguars and the baltimore ravens dropped to their knees as the national anthem was played prior to the match in london.go figure! don t forget this was about supposed  police brutality    they re disrespecting our military and our police officers in front of the world embarrassing! no players were kneeling during the playing of  god save the queen 
"judge jeanine tears into nfl commissioner roger goodell
"commies carrying flags fought with the austin police and disobeyed orders during a protest in austin
"george clooney probably gave the folks at the daily beast a coronary when he admitted what everyone has known for months
"in june of 2017
"sean spicer was asked during a washington post interview
"before abc cancelled tim allen s number one show  last man standing
mark steyn is dead on when he calls out the feds for wiretapping paul manafort since 2014 3 years! think about that!  the ruling party is using the cover of national security rules to get the goods on their political opponents. steyn calls out james clapper for lying it s pretty obvious that steyn s on to clapper and detests what he s done.mark steyn   we re huge fans! mark steyn s previous commentary on the testimony regarding russia is spot on: mark steyn is fantastic! he was on tucker carlson to discuss the intel hearing today on the russia investigation. he sees through all of the total bs the dems were throwing out in their testimony on trump and russia. mark steyn is the adult in the room when it comes to getting to the truth awesome!mark steyn is a gifted guy. one of our favorites!
"president trump is known for not holding back and he certainly didn t  on friday during a speech in huntsville
"it s all about the money isn t that the way it is with these rino politicians who ve sold out the american people to big business? well
"a muslim activist group  has pushed marriott international to ban act for america from holding a conference.  marriott indicated it won t do so get ready for another protest from another group of victims oy vey! we think we ll book with marriott next time e travel act for america is scheduled to hold its conference
"no class and no decorum! the always bitter michelle obama told a salt lake city audience today that  we are looking at two different administrations. this is laughable:one
" blindsided    the curious reason the network let bila go or so they sayeveryone was caught off guard on monday when the view co-host jedediah bila announced live that she was departing the show and it would be her last day on air. the 38-year-old political pundit joined the show as a permanent co-host in 2016 after serving as a guest host several times in 2015. bila revealed in her exit speech that she was preparing to write a not-yet-titled book that will be released next year
"abc just announced  that it s  developing  a comedy series about an illegal alien family. this is an attempt to normalize criminal illegal behavior
"remember when these turkish thugs beat up (see below) protesters in dc a few months ago? someone needs to set these guys straight and tell them they re not in turkey but in the u.s .protesters were pummeled on thursday during an appearance by turkish president recep tayyip erdogan at a midtown hotel. the violence erupted as erdogan took the stage inside a ballroom at the marriott hotel in times square.#erdo an  new york ta protesto edenlere yaka pa a m dahale  pic.twitter.com/prhsxsxczv  amerika n n sesi (@voaturkish) september 21
"major hollywood liberal activist rob reiner is no match for tucker carlson who calls reiner out on his morgan freeman propaganda ad on cyber war with russia. tucker talks about how our real enemy is china when it comes to cyber wars haha! reiner starts to get a little miffed at tucker when tucker calls him out on china epic! this is the meat of the interview: i agree with you we are very divided. and maybe this is one of the reasons. a lot of this is disingenuous. anyone who looks at cyber warfare will tell you
"espn s jemele hill might think she s a political pundit and a sports anchor on espn but she s not. americans are sick to death of espn turning everything into a political debate. americans want to watch sports and are turning off espn in droves because of people like hill. she s not getting the message. if espn wants to keep an audience
"this is shocking but once you remember what this lawyer is all about it fits. former u.s. attorney for the southern district of new york preet bharara is joining cnn as a senior legal analyst
"flip flopping is what maxine waters has been doing when it comes to calling for the impeachment of president trump. see the video below for just one of many examples of waters lying through her teeth saying she never called for the impeachment of trump. here she is at a cbc town hall revving up the crowd with her phony baloney call for the impeachment of trump. we re guessing it all depends on who she s talking to. rep. maxine waters (d-calif.)
"steve hilton rips the great  geniuses  on foreign policy who are patronizing the way president trump speaks. he says they are the ones who left the world in a mess! amen!!!hilton couldn t be more dead on in his assessment of the globalist attempt at a new world order that trump just stopped. these leaders are responsible for korea
"lou dobbs has had it with this kangaroo court situation and the trump russia fake news. he and tom fitton of judicial watch discuss the fact that mueller s appointment could be  constitutionally suspect ..@tomfitton:  i think the special counselor regulations
"daniel greenfield s take on why obama spied on trump is the best yet. he takes you through the twists and turns to expose obama and his cronies for the liars and cheats they are. we d love to know what you think about this take on why things happened the way they did:last week
"top gop official ed rollins was interviewed by a very angry lou dobbs. he was furious with the ringside performance of john kelly aka drama queen during president trump s un speech (some are saying it was before the speech). the chief of staff should be behind the scenes how about he should be fired because he s not even a supporter of president trump! he voted for hillary clinton!ed rollins: at least what i ve heard from sources inside who know kelly
"hello jeff sessions! where is the doj s leader these days? something tells us the trump dossier will end up being the bombshell that exposes comey
"yeah
"two hypocrite climate change freaks decided to pontificate to a packed house at yale. both john kerry and leo decaprio love to hear themselves talk so this had to be a snoozefest. the most ironic thing about the preaching on global warming coming from these two men is that they have huge carbon footprints. does leo not understand that we know he travels by private jet and big yacht what a joke! these two blow hard limousine liberals are why trump won.at a yale university talk hosted by former u.s. secretary of state john kerry
"nbc news chairman andy lack confessed to nervousness about megyn kelly s upcoming network morning show
"maxine waters got downright nasty at the funeral for dick gregory. she used the funeral to bash president trump in a big way. she s not dumb this is her base. she started with:  i ve got work to do  that s pretty rich for a woman who has done nothing for the people she represents. she s only lined her pockets. shame on her!waters repeatedly called president trump a  dishonorable human being.  she went further by indicating his white house cabinet was filled with kkk members and the alt-right. she even mentioned what she thought dick gregory would say about trump s actions with putin.  did he collude with russia? i bet you dick gregory would tell me
"a speech for the ages was given today by president donald trump. he addressed the 72nd meeting of the united nations general assembly in new york for the first time in his presidency. the transcript is below.president trump: mr. secretary general
"every day
"tucker carlson started out his show by showing a video of leftist congresswoman nancy pelosi being verbally attacked by illegal aliens for allegedly negotiating with president trump on the issue of the unconstitutional daca program for  dreamers  that barack obama put in place.here s a short clip of the illegal aliens attacking nancy:after tucker showed nancy being shouted down by illegal aliens
"every player on the cahokia quarterback club football team (8 and under) took a knee during the national anthem ahead of sunday s game at little devil s field in belleville. one of the kids asked me if i saw (people) protesting and rioting in st. louis. i said yes; i said
"in his tweet
"this summer s box office numbers were the worst they ve been in over 25 years
"first hand account of a crazy liberal attacking a danish guy for being a trump supporter: an american woman wanted to sit at my table. i was wearing a maga cap. she became visibly angry with my presence
"president trump was right again! his campaign manager was wiretapped so he was possibly surveilled indirectly.the fbi s effort the second time the fisa warrant was issued is unconstitutional. the fake russian dossier was put forward to allow the door to be open for surveillance:boom: second wiretap on manafort could have been illegal b/c they obtained fisa request based on fake trump dossier that fbi payed 100k for! pic.twitter.com/degadgnm91   stock monster  (@stockmonsterusa) september 18
"jedediah bila is at most
"wow! the left has lost control of their precious  dreamers . this is what happens when you toss out all the laws and accept criminals who feel entitled way to go democrats!did you miss pro immigration protesters shut down pelosi? ca now a sanctuary state; dreams may become nightmares pic.twitter.com/8gkfhsezcl  eye on the sparrow (@2chron169) september 19
"maxine waters is one angry woman. she has gone non-stop with attacks on president trump since he was elected. speaking to the westchester-playa democratic club at an la church in april
"oh boy! the left is going ballistic over the golf shot but now we have the football pass. the video below is a take on the recent video of trump hitting a golf ball into hillary clinton (not really) and making her fall(see below).wow
"the hateful hollywood crowd just couldn t help themselves. the emmy awards show was a night of all trump
"the march 13
"bill o reilly needs to ask the investigators assigned to defend him in a sexual harassment case that eventually led to his firing for a full refund. o reilly s reputation
"the video discussed below had been making the rounds for weeks on twitter but the minute president trump retweeted it
"rapper xxxtentacion released a controversial video for his singles
"thank goodness for a little common sense! adam carolla is spot on in his rant over the ridiculous  statue commission  that the nyc mayor has created to point out any  oppressive  landmarks in the city. here s his take on the idiocy of the censorship:comedian adam carolla thinks mayor bill de blasio s statue commission belongs in the toilet.he can t understand the outrage the mayor and others have toward historical statues  displayed in cities  but are mum about the art installation where people can poop on a golden toilet called  america.  photo belowthe guggenheim wants you to crap all over  america here s a novel idea     i would say to de blaiso
"cnn uses their go-to move when they don t like what someone is saying during an interview..they cut you off! a cnn broadcast saturday cut off an african-american trump supporter in the middle of answering a question about  white guilt  posed by a reporter.  i have seen one shirt that said  no white guilt
"you almost have to feel sorry for whoopi goldberg. her emotional arguments are no match for the very smart conservative brian kilmeade
"on september 13
"twitter was abuzz this morning about a tweet from president trump regarding north korea s kim jong un:  i spoke with president moon of south korea last night. asked him how rocket man is doing. long gas lines forming in north korea. too bad! i spoke with president moon of south korea last night. asked him how rocket man is doing. long gas lines forming in north korea. too bad!  donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) september 17
"hungary has slashed illegal immigration by over 99 per cent after rolling out a series of powerful border fences in response to the european migrant crisis
"laura loomer decided to make a trip to brookfield
"fox news   the new york times reported earlier this week that sessions felt  humiliated  after trump accused him of  disloyalty  because he recused himself from the justice department s investigation into the trump campaign s ties to russia.trump  unleashed a string of insults  at sessions
"as one of the most approachable presidents in history
"pbs host judy woodroof asked hillary if she believed president trump is racist? hillary pauses for effect and then delivers her very scripted answer to woodruff:  here s what i believe
" generally
"in 2016
"president trump just made an 11-year old boy s wish come true but the left is in a tizzy over it. frank giaccio wrote to the president offering to cut the white house lawn. he usually charges $8 dollars but offered to cut the grass at no charge lol! the president took him up on the offer! frank was seen mowing the lawn yesterday:a great moment but the left didn t think so. president trump was hammered on twitter for supposed child labor violations can you believe it? trump is bashed for this awesome moment of fun with a young american who is working hard to make money?here s more on what happened yesterday and just how great this was   no matter what the left says!the national park service might be out of a job keeping the white house grounds maintained. a 10-year-old boy named frank wrote president donald trump to offer his lawn mowing services  at no charge    and we all know the president loves a good deal. so frank mowed away this morning!president trump tweeted out: frank  fx  giaccio-on behalf of @flotus melania & myself
"is karma knocking on her door?mayor lyda krewson released a statement following the verdict saying
"ktvi fox 2
"st. louis   former st. louis police officer jason stockley was found not guilty friday of murdering a man while on duty.st. louis circuit judge timothy wilson s highly anticipated verdict found the white former st. louis police officer not guilty of first-degree murder and armed criminal action in the december 2011 shooting death of a black drug suspect after a high-speed pursuit and crash.immediately after the verdict was issued
"cnn s brooke baldwin interviewed fox sports radio host clay travis about his thoughts on remarks made by racist espn host jemele hill when she called president trump and kid rock  white supremacists . travis attempted to explain how he was passionate about the defense of hill s first amendment right
"this is just one of literally thousands of liberal activists who are being paid to teach our youth. let that sink in the head of the city s largest police union is calling for the firing of a john jay college professor after he tweeted  it s a privilege to teach future dead cops. professor michael isaacson
 like daughter: chelsea clinton spreads lie claiming outrageous michigan anti-gay law passed"
 media stir the pot anyhow
"so we disrespect the flag in class now? whether this teacher tried to get this child to stand is one thing another thing is the fact that children and adults aren t being taught why we stand for the pledge of allegiance. maybe this kid could talk to the kid who won t stand: the video below was created by a student to teach students the importance and meaning behind saying the pledge of allegiance:stand for the pledge of allegiance!a student in farmington hills
"a timer was attached to the homemade bomb used in the parsons green terror attack
"senator chuck schumer sounds almost breathless with excitement as he can be heard telling an unidentified person on the senate floor
"you have to love this! a florida man greeted president trump today with a question that the president told him to ask the press:  where was obama on the last hurricane?  then he answered his own question:  obama was playing golf during the last hurricane remember that? obama didn t want to interrupt his vacation to travel to see hurricane survivors not one peep from michelle either. what a difference a presidency makes!flashback to martha s vineyard:  where was president obama when the most serious natural disaster happened during his 8 years in office? he was golfing on martha s vineyard
"while facebook has hired an entire team of employees to weed out  fake news 
"senate minority leader chuck schumer thinks he s liked by president trump. haha! in fact
"president trump visited areas in florida hurt by hurricane irma today and spoke out on building a wall at our southern border. people on both sides of the aisle went nuts over news reports of no wall and a deal on daca. president trump:  ultimately
 9 victims have already been hospitalized"
"the sympathetic (and borderline communist) women of the view were more than happy to give hillary a spot at the table to explain why it was everyone else but hillary s fault she lost the election. but wait
"a sign on the door of a kewaskum dairy queen
"we ve been reporting on this unbelievable trend in non-citizen (green card holders and illegal aliens) voting across maryland since august. the city of college park
 obamacare and deadbeat dads…asks “almighty jesus” to “give us strength to fight”…”because like it or not
 florida and california to decide presidential elections [video]"
"sarah sanders is at it again at the 22:29 point in the video below she s asked:  could you point us to a couple specific accusations in the book that you believe are factually incorrect?  her answer is awesome! i think probably the biggest one is any place within in the book where she lays blame for the loss on anyone but herself
"how is a man with ties to a us based terror organization
"hillary clinton has a  thing  for voodoo her new book describes a voodoo moment but she s gone down this path before. who does this? hillary clinton reveals she was  tempted  to make voodoo dolls of  certain members  of the news media and congress
espn host jemele hill called president trump and kid rock  white supremacists . it didn t end there she said in one of several tweets that trump is  unfit  to be president. the screenshot below gives you an idea of how hill represents espn on twitter. it s disgusting!what did espn do? you guessed it nothing! they tweeted out a mild apology and that s it!this is after mike ditka was fired for supporting president trump and criticizing obama.  kurt schilling was also fired after posting a picture on social media against transgender bathrooms.why hasn t this woman been fired by espn?please contact espn to let them know how you feel about this outrage: espntucker carlson spoke with the awesome clay travis last night. travis shed some light on why hill is still employed by espn:
"tucker carlson responded to an espn anchor calling president trump  a white supremacist.  clay travis of fox sports joined carlson and lit up the room with his spot on assessment of espn s liberal suicide by offending just about every trump voter out there. travis is fantastic!liberal hater jemele hill of  sportscenter  tweeted this and got a slap on the wrist the double standard at espn is unbelievable! espn previously fired former mlb pitcher curt schilling over a controversial meme objecting to the north carolina transgender bathroom law. mike ditka was fired from espn for showing support for president trump. crazy!espn s public relations tweeted a statement
"texas civil rights lawyer
"leftist agitators showed up tonight at the opening of the little caesars arena in detroit where detroit legend kid rock was scheduled to open the new home of the detroit red wings and detroit pistons. the protesters who are likely being organized by the democrat party and george soros are hilariously protesting kid rock for speaking out against the unemployed nfl quarterback colin kaepernick for kneeling during our national anthem. some of them are using the excuse that he used a confederate flag as a backdrop to his concerts years ago to protest rock
000 emails? what happened to seth rich?”"
"organized protesters took to the streets outside of the brand new little caesars arena in detroit to protest kid rock s concert tonight
 not walls’ [video]"
"has nancy pelosi been drinking? she repeated herself and giggled while ordering the crowd at an glaad function to clap on command bullying became bulleting? wow! it s a little unsettling when a woman who is supposedly a leader in congress giggles like a young girl over and over. if she s serious about the policy she s trying to promote then it s probably not the best idea to behave like this ya think? this isn t the first time pelosi has behaved this way in front of the cameras. we have a huge list of past gaffes and giggles from the california rep:nancy pelosi:  you can t cry wolf in a crowded theater not a day goes by that we have another gaffe from nancy pelosi term limits please!.@nancypelosi screws up the oath of office while lecturing reporters about the seriousness of her job. pic.twitter.com/hlgcxsqk4m  josh caplan (@joshdcaplan) july 30
"the double standard in our judicial system today
"connecticut native
"democrats have been spouting the narrative that daca recipients are overwhelmingly serving in the military. that s a lie! fewer than 900 daca recipients out of 800
"will radio host and television commentator laura ingraham become a prime time host at fox news? the word is that ingraham will be taking the ten o clock spot.the rumor started when matt drudge of the drudge report hinted that ingraham had a spot on fox lined up.ingraham has been telling friends that the deal is essentially done
 just humiliated michael moore in front of millions on social media…and it was spectacular!"
"fox news received an email from general john kelly last night in response to a personal shot taken at him by a member of congress this is not just any member of congress it s the bitter open borders democrat luis gutierrez. this chicago democrat is all for opening the flood gates for illegals last week
"here is a portion of the interview that was conducted by a group of journalists and pope frances today:vatican insider    i leaned out to greet the children and didn t see the glass
"sources tell utahpolicy.com that former massachusetts gov. mitt romney is preparing to run for senate in 2018 if sen. orrin hatch decides to retire.sources close to romney say the two-time presidential candidate will jump into the 2018 utah senate scrum if hatch opts not to.so far
 his 19-yr old son’s death is “karma”…what he “deserved” in response to his request for prayers"
"we will never forget the men who gave everything in benghazi ever!charles woods speaks up on hillary clinton s ineptness and inability to properly do her job as secretary of state:  my son would still be alive if she had performed her duties and protected the people under her care and supervision in libya. if she couldn t protect four americans in libya
president trump and first lady melania commemorate the 9-11 terror attacks at a ceremony this morning on the 16 anniversary of a day that would change america forever. the pentagon speech is below the white house videos.the full white house ceremony starts at the :26 mark:president trump gave a speech at the pentagon:a heartfelt moment of remembrance from president trump he spoke of what was a normal morning all over america that turned into horror for the nation. then  america was under attack it was the worst attack since pearl harbor 
"wfb- the former democratic presidential candidate appeared on  the late show with stephen colbert
 after she was sure she’d beat donald trump"
"no time to waste   we've got to fight with everything we've got to #defenddaca. thanks
"no time to waste   we've got to fight with everything we've got to #defenddaca. thanks
 he’d be “licking my a** to get me to do one of his stupid-ass screenplays”"
"officials allegedly affiliated with the united states park police removed tents
"they re president trump s #1 fans and they ve been with him from the start of his campaign. the wildly popular
"texas civil rights lawyer rob ranco is a partner at the carlson law firm at the round rock
"miami s mayor decided to jump into the discussion about whether climate change is the reason for the severe weather he says that hurricane irma is the  poster child  for global warming. the problem with that is that history tells us that this isn t anything new and that miami s history tells you it s natural for a swampy place to get water here s a great take on the history of swampy florida:a requiem for florida
 he changes his mind"
"yes
"the woman pictured above (see more below) is a serial accuser of sexual harassment against several men. she gives women a bad name. notice that eric bolling allegedly did something to harass the woman.eric billing was never found guilty anything but the whispers were enough to bury him. he was one of the best anchors on fox with his bold style. he supported and defended president trump throughout the 2016 campaign. we believe he was a great asset to fox news and see this as a trend of accusations against men the left wants to see taken down. this is a great loss for true conservatives and for fox news. another reason not to watch as the network slides to the left a little more every day variety reported:fox news will part ways with host eric bolling
"trump knows the art of the deal like no one else! he d had enough of do-nothing paul ryan so he went around him and made a better deal with democrats that actually helps the hurricane victims. the three month deal was much better than the commitment of 18 months that speaker ryan had proposed: president trump shocked and angered republicans on wednesday by agreeing with democrats on a bill to suspend the debt ceiling for three months
"the teenage girl that anthony weiner sexted has come out to tell her story on video. she spoke to inside edition this week as weiner awaits sentencing for transferring obscene material to a minor.the girl is not being named because she is still a minor but her father gave permission for her face to be shown. she was 15 when she struck up an online and text relationship with weiner in january 2016.it sparked a months-long exchange between them which included graphic messages and topless photographs of the 53-year-old former new york congressman.in her interview this week
"wilbur ross spoke with wapo about  true  tax reform he did a great job explaining his position on simplifying and cutting taxes. he said the w2 should be a  one pager . he believes it takes entirely too long for the average employee to do taxes we say amen to that!if congress doesn t get in the way
"it was a surreal moment at thursday night s nfl season opener when nbc announcer al michaels provided commentary on who didn t stand for the playing of the national anthem. watch below:it s the trend that needs to end colin kaepernick started this whole kneeling thing and now some other nfl players have sat or kneeled during the national anthem at games. it s caused many americans to turn away from supporting the nfl which hurts the players in the end. bringing politics into football needs to end if the nfl wants a future. people are fed up with this attitude.the washington free beacon reported: life imitates south park the nfl season kicked off thursday night with the new england patriots hosting the kansas city chiefs. after maren morris concluded singing  the star spangled banner
"the new england patriots owner robert kraft surprised a teen fan who did an awesome job retrieving tom brady s stolen super bowl 51 and 49 jerseys. president trump s great friend gave the teen front row seats to the team s regular-season opener against the kansas city chiefs:patriots owner robert kraft met dylan wagner (guy who solved the mystery of tom brady s missing super bowl jerseys) for 1st time @cbsboston pic.twitter.com/5ym65wsrqh  nick giovanni (@nickgnews) september 7
500 votes were illegally cast on election day 2016"
 i m not negotiating with you  trump slams cbs reporter over north korea: a white house press conference went a little hot when president trump pointedly said he would t put all his cards on the table like the previous administration:the full presser is below:president trump held a press conference with the amir of kuwait. the emir arrived in washington on wednesday ahead of a meeting with president trump to discuss the economic and security aspects of kuwait and the u.s. he starts taking questions at the 13:22 mark:president welcomed the emir to the white house:it has to be reassuring to every american that president trump knows how to negotiate and is great at it. the art of the deal is now the art of how to stop world war three from starting. he s trying to do everything he can to keep peace but will not let north korea run all over us. his ability to hire and use the best possible people in his cabinet will only make his decisions regarding foreign policy better. 
"president trump s secretary of education
"remember when illegal aliens
"two days ago
"lou dobbs is spot on with his assessment of what president trump did in making a debt-ceiling deal with democrats:lou dobbs | president took rino paul ryan to the woodshed by making debt-ceiling deal with democrats pic.twitter.com/cylyziojfg  journalism is dead (@thedailybail) september 7
 i totally would!”"
"ohio governor john kasich: dreamers didn t choose to come here
"democratic senator dianne feinstein told a federal judicial nominee on wednesday that reading her past speeches revealed how the catholic  dogma lives loudly  within her. we kid you not! she was downright nasty to notre dame law school professor amy coney barrett:watch: sen. feinstein to appeals court nominee amy barrett
"washington post: is this the woman that michelle obama sees when she looks in the mirror now
"immediately following the election
"wfb  north korea for the first time this week revealed plans for using its nuclear arms for space-based electronics-disrupting emp attacks
"here are a few facts explaining who the daca recipients really are.  the national undacamented research project was compiled by harvard university researcher roberto g. gonzales and published by the center for immigration studies (cis):in april 2016
000 more votes than voters in 2016 election"
"white house spokesperson sarah huckabee sanders called out a liberal reporter today when he asked a question about daca:  i learned that in 8th grade! she went on to say that it s the job of congress to step up on immigration reform: with all due respect
"treasure secretary steve mnuchin s wife is answering critics who shot her down for doing a little bragging on instagram. granted her instagram post was a huge display of wealth but she has every right to speak out on what she s wearing etc she also snarked at a woman on instagram who called her  deplorable . is it  deplorable ? you be the judge:she listed the high end fashion items she was wearing. a woman claimed the taxpayers would be paying for this trip but the mnuchins later stated that they would be reimbursing the feds for this trip to kentucky.she might be stirring the pot again with her latest magazine appearance on the cover of local society magazine  washington life.  the ironic thing is she appears in the magazine apologizing but is wearing 2 different 10k gowns lol! the scottish-born wife of treasury secretary steve mnuchin
"there s a lot going on in the hillary clinton/donald trump/russia investigation that all the highfalutin  newspapers that cover politics are still trying to ignore.well
"last week
"obama just couldn t keep quiet. he released a statement via facebook today lashing out at president trump s decision to rescind his daca executive action
"detroit s own kid rock will open the all-new little caesars arena on tuesday
"president trump keeps another promise. the winning streak for americans continues the department of homeland security will stop processing any new applications for deferred action for childhood arrival (daca) program. i am here today to announce that the program known as daca that was effectuated under the obama administration is being rescinded
"a perfect video to start your day! here s a video of our wonderful potus taking the best shot ever: donald trump ~he's even good at golfing!! have a fantastic week my deplorables ! #mondaymotivation pic.twitter.com/z8lbhl0bhm  deplorablegirl bot (@eissolomon11) august 28
"contrary to what the media would like us to believe
"this unhinged high school teacher was caught telling students to turn their trump t-shirts inside out
 bye! [video]"
"while all eyes are on north korea and melania s stilettos rt  competition for superiority in artificial intelligence at national level will  most likely  cause world war three
"ny governor andrew cuomo made two shocking announcements regarding the christopher columbus statues and about his decision not to endorse ny mayor de blasio.during an appearance at the west indian day parade on monday
"antifa is a violent
"a berkeley law that makes public displays of the female breast illegal could be abolished this month if a city councilman gets his way.on september 12
"with the list of hollywood actors and entertainers that americans have decided to boycott over their sickening public hate for our president
"the usual mainstream media suspects are at it again with their fake news reports. shameless lefty news outlets made up a false story claiming the texas sos rolando pablos refused aid for houston hurricane harvey victims and instead asked for prayers.the story spread from one sentence in an article from canada s cbc news: pablos declined the aid for now
"famous singer john legend posted a very offensive casting call for actors who look like trump supporters. he s showing how clueless he is about trump supporters they come in all shapes
"cnn has published the inauguration day letter from obama to incoming president trump. the letter includes the usual pleasantries then asks trump to keep the  international order  going. hummm
 usa
"two women who took a selfie with president trump (see video below) and had a chance to speak with him have a totally different view of him now:  i think he s a wonderful man! these #harvey evacuees say meeting @realdonaldtrump changed their opinion of him. ""i think he's a wonderful man!"" pic.twitter.com/3k7r5tauec  elex michaelson (@abc7elex) september 3
"comedian blasts nyc mayor bill de blasio for considering removing a famed statue of christopher columbus and rails against political correctness gone wildwe love joe piscopo! our last funny video from him:joe piscopo is hysterical! he was on with neil cavuto and broke out with imitations of waters
"here s an excerpt from the advocate
 frightened
"potus was all over texas today with hugs and concern for flood victims. it was amazing to see both president trump and first lady melania doing such kind deeds for texans who says our president isn t empathetic? he s full of compassion for all americans!watch: pres. trump meets with children and poses for pictures with harvey victims at nrg stadium in houston  pic.twitter.com/3qsri4muzf  cbs news (@cbsnews) september 2
"here s a 1999 video of jesse jackson praising donald trump for his contribution to the black community
 hand out coloring books: ‘we are with you’ [video]"
"jesse jackson thinks he s heaven s gatekeeper the arrogant  reverend  proclaimed that president trump might not qualify to enter jesus  kingdom. how dare he!jackson made the comments at the  ministers march for justice :  trump says you must be able to speak the language of english
"the media will lose it again because melania trump wore stilettos on her way to texas. nevermind that she ll probably change when she gets there. flotus rocks!pres. trump
"unbelievable! women s march activist went off on a crazy rant claiming that somehow president trump s tax returns are linked to missing black girls in the u.s.:transcript: to lock arms with one another. we demand that we see trump s taxes while we also demand that all of our rights are protected. we demand that we see trump s taxes while we also demand that women s rights be treated as human rights. we must speak with one voice and one accord and we must draw a direct line between trump s taxes and missing girls
not much to say after this classic response from kid rock to a watchdog group who accused him of an election violation. the left is desperate to end his candidacy before it even begins. michigan senator debbie stabenow has been fundraising and fear mongering off of the possibility of a kid rock candidacy.here s kid rock s epic response:the detroit free press reported:the group common cause says the detroit musician violated the law by declaring himself a candidate for a u.s. senate seat in michigan but not registering his candidacy or reporting campaign contributions. they filed a complaint with the federal election commission and also asked attorney general jeff sessions to investigate whether the musician  whose real name is robert ritchie   has violated election law.
000 pillows to houston [video]"
"what the heck! senator john mccain just admitted that he doesn t answer to president trump! can you imagine if a senator had done this to obama? mccain s oped in the washington post is a horrible hit on trump. shame on him!it starts out with a statement about how horrible the white supremacists are and then goes on to discuss congress getting back to order. it s a snoozer of an oped until you get to the last part in a shocking slam on president trump s character and knowledge of government
"this woman has no shame1 muslim activist linda sarsour (remember the fake women s march?) has been caught sending money meant for hurricane relief to a lefty political pac. she tweeted out about it and was hammered on twitter for twisting the truth:texas organizing project is not my pac
"black lives matter
"yea baby! president trump walks the walk!president trump just put his money where his mouth is! he donated $1 million to the harvey hurricane relief! what a great thing to do! he has a huge heart!is this empathetic enough for the left? the media decided to hammer trump after his incredible visit to storm ravaged texas. they claimed he wasn t empathetic enough to the victims which is total bs. real americans aren t buying this bs line from the media because we all watched the first couple in action. they care and we know it that s all that matters!fox news reported:the white house announced thursday that president donald trump pledged to donate $1 million in personal funds to harvey relief efforts.trump visited corpus christi
"congresswoman shelia jackson lee joined roland martin to talk about the devastation left from hurricane harvey. to get a picture of what s happening in houston the congresswoman tried to explain at the 2:20 mark that
 ‘jesus’ or ‘devil’ in class [video]"
"tomi lahren recently told the hollywood reporter that news networks need to hire more conservatives as commentators:  it seems as though the only diversity some networks won t embrace is diversity of opinion well
"this is great! trump supporters trolled a cnn reporter bigtime! they yelled  cnn is fake news! cnn isn t receiving a warm welcome from texans who showed up in droves yesterday to salute president trump.dailywire reported:cnn s jeff zeleny was bombarded by trump supporters during a live spot from austin
"a former it aide suspected of stealing equipment and data from congress still has an active
"two nyc-based artists secretly slipped some items inside the merchandising outpost of the trump tower s lower lobby. among them: a trump-emblazoned kkk hood  for fine people
 but they’re gonna get better”"
"what a shame.ny daily news went on to criticize president trump for treating his visit like a campaign stop and for praising the excellent job governor abbott has done thus far. they also criticized him for acknowledging his fema director william (brock) long
"gayle king was the first to ask sanders if it was a good idea for trump to visit. sanders said  i don t know  as he fumbled over his words. well
"a clueless cnn reporter trying to interview a cold and hungry woman with her children is oblivious to the fact that this woman and her kids need help stat!unreal!  what the f*ck cnn! we couldn t agree more! this is epic and will probably be pulled so watch while you can!""what the f**k
"president trump thanked supporters who had gathered outside the local fire station  he waved the texas flag after remarks dems will never win an election ever again   comfortably smug (@comfortablysmug) august 29
"president trump and first lady melania traveled down to texas today to assist with and show support for flood victims. you d think the press would point out that this is a great gesture by the first couple but that s not the case. the press could only focus on the fact that the first lady wore heels on her departure to texas. they mocked her saying she wasn t quite ready to help flood victims: melania s shoes are impressive but perhaps not what i would wear to a city submerged in floodwaters
"cnn s allison camerota started out her interview with democrat rep. sheila jackson lee telling her that it was being pointed out that
"rebel media: attacking someone for their politics could be expected from private citizens acting out against each other
"will the new policy for face-to-face interviews with applicants for citizenship be enough to weed out terrorists who only plan on harming americans?it s being reported that many seeking citizenship and asylum have converted to christianity to better their chances of making it into their desired country:breitbart news reported:muslims migrating from syria have admitted to converting to christianity in a bid to boost their chances of being given asylum in the west
 while popular pastor joel osteen gets slammed for keeping megachurch doors shut to flood victims"
"what a great idea! sheriff joe arpaio is considering a run against unpopular senator jeff flake he s got lots of support from the people of arizona after serving as maricopa county sheriff for 24 years. he d be a straight shooting senator
"hillary clinton will be back in the spotlight this fall for an unprecedented
"a white five-year-old girl told her mother christmas and easter are  stupid  and european women are alcoholics after being fostered to two muslim families
"wow! this is one of the most powerful speeches you will ever watch. a hispanic american
"here is an excerpt from their coverage of todd s interview:after decades of relative obscurity
"americans watched in horror as live chopper video showed a massive group of antifa thugs chasing down a lone trump supporter like a pack of hungry wolves. once they finally caught the trump supporter
 scenes of desperation increase [video]"
 female reporter and trump supporters attacked by antifa {video]"
"the obamas recently moved their oldest daughter
"paul goodloe was covering hurricane harvey for the weather channel when he spotted a downed american flag. what he did next was fantastic! not only did he pull the flag out of the water but he folded the flag properly  moment @weatherchannel reporter retrieved fallen american flag during harvey pic.twitter.com/0l7f7vfljg  breaking911 nature (@b911nature) august 27
 democrats and antifa force conservative prayer group to cancel event because “a lot of innocent people were going to get hurt”"
000 prisoners obama pardoned including crack dealer who committed horrific crime against 3 innocent americans"
"all we can say on this one is it s about time someone sued the southern poverty law center!on tuesday
"a kind woman brought fox news reporter casey stegall a beer on friday as he was reporting live in the midst of hurricane harvey. with rain and wind pouring down
 motherf*cker”"
"attorney dario navarro was one of several leftists who were all of a sudden concerned about the  constitutionality  of president trump s actions.if trump issued pardon with specific intent to obstruct justice
"former democratic national committee chairman howard dean hinted that president donald trump would not make it through his first term friday on msnbc s  morning joe. discussing sen. jeff flake s (r.
"the vfw in strongsville
"why is the media not asking why democrats are so hell-bent on vandalizing
"undercutting president trump s agenda is what mcconnell and ryan do best. it was most obvious during the obamacare effort to repeal and replace. it s maddening to us but can you imagine how president trump feels?he tweeted out his frustration last week and we can t blame him:the latest effort to block the maga agenda is happening because of ryan and mcconnell again!the daily caller reports below:president donald trump is angry with republican leaders because of a proposal floating around capitol hill that undercuts his legislative agenda and provides major concessions to democrats
"the democrats went down the path of identity politics long ago but it s only gotten worse in the past 8 years of obama. he was a mater at dividing groups and pitting americans against each other according to race
"rebel pundit decided to follow a local activist to see what the southside chicago residents think about moving a statue of george washington surprisingly
"not only is detroit lions quarterback matthew stafford s wife drop-dead gorgeous
"republican rep. steve king: the base is going to behind president trump's decision to pardon joe arpaio   cnn (@cnn) august 26
"update: white house official says
" reuters is reporting: u.s. president donald trump on friday granted a pardon to former arizona lawman and political ally joe arpaio
"you just can t make this stuff up the leftist rag
"has anyone seen barack obama lately? what about valerie jarrett
"when will americans stop being afraid of standing up to leftist agitators and tell them
"just days after the death of his own son in combat
"legal expert and constitutional law professor jonathan turley makes a case for why we need to add to statues and not take them down. he says we can learn more from keeping them up in direct opposition to what democrats are saying:turley recently argued against the removal of the george washington statue: george washington may have survived the winter at valley forge
"jake tapper gave an oscar-worthy performance with his fake concern for  most americans  who he claims are thinking president trump is  unfit for office . he jumped on comments made by sen. bob corker last week
"former secret service agent dan bongino has an explanation of the hometown identity of politicians and how it leads to an  insider swamp creature  like senate majority leader mitch mcconnell.bongino defended president trump and dismissed criticism by former director of national intelligence james clapper who questioned trump s  fitness  for office following a rally in phoenix
"you can t be black and support president trump. the intolerant left simply won t allow it boxing legend george foreman has had about enough of the disrespect of the united states he s seeing in some professional athletes
"nancy pelosi just flunked constitutional law! pelosi repeated her request that the national park service deny a permit to an alleged  alt-right demonstration  called patriot prayer. pelosi said  not allow these elements to use a national park to spew forth their venom.  she then said that  protecting people  was the park service s  first responsibility. this is a trend of the left lately they claim stopping free speech
"patriotism is alive and well at this florida school!coopergate school s facebook page has a statement on what two young patriots did: this is what respect looks like at coppergate. two of our safety patrols
"steyn:  now hillary knows how bill s victims feel haha! mark steyn was awesome tonight on tucker carlson:oh my gosh! we can t stop laughing at steyn s account of hillary on pretty much everything. the best had to be how clinton lied about how she was named. too funny!here s our previous report on the big whopper hillary told about her name: this story is from 2006 and is the first in a long series of hillary s lies that we ll be exposing over the next couple of months for more than a decade
"you d think people would be afraid to order a confederate flag after the riot in charlottesville but this alabama flag factory is seeing a huge jump in sales the story of how this single flag manufacturer was started and has flourished is bittersweet alabama flag & banner sales surge!sales of confederate flags surged at alabama flag & banner
"former director of national intelligence james clapper was way out of line and way too political last night when he showed his cards bigtime on president trump. he followed the latest leftist line that trump  isn t fit to serve yes
" dirty jobs  host mike rowe went off on a guy who claimed rowe is a  white nationalist . the usual happy-go-lucky rowe was clearly ticked when he wrote back to chuck adkins.chuck adkins asked rowe:  one of the tenants of white nationalism is that college educated people are academic elitists. comment? no? i m not surprised. you never take a political stand because you don t want to alienate anybody. its bad for business. i get it. but there is a current of anti intellectualism in this country   promoted by republicans. those people love you
"the media is in an all out frenzy today
"we can t wait for next year s midterm elections! this will be a huge chance for republicans to build a bigger majority in the senate.the senate map heavily favors republicans who look solid except for a couple seats. democrats don t have it so good. they ll have to defend 25 seats!here are the seven most vulnerable senate seats according to the hill:sen. dean heller (r-nev.) heller is the only republican up for reelection in 2018 who represents a state that hillary clinton won last november. making matters worse for heller
"the timing couldn t have been better. just as gary tuckman
"unhinged democrat protesters converged on the phoenix rally to disrupt and create chaos during and after president trump s speech. there were several instances of police officers being attacked. this is why the video below has gone viral. watch how the protester kicks the tear gas away then receives a rubber bullet to the groin. nice shot!phoenix trump protester ignores police orders
"president trump pulled a classic move that probably had chief of staff kelly wishing he had some duct tape on him. after speculation had been high that trump would use the rally to announce a pardon of sheriff joe arpaio
"president trump spoke to a huge and enthusiastic crowd tonight in phoenix
"president trump in phoenix speaking to his supporters maga! live stream below:this is where president trump is best! he s 100% right on what he s done so far for the american people all of the american people!we believe president trump will bring up afghanistan and the increase in troups. he said it s about defeating terrorism: just a reminder that president trump said he would  knock the h*ll out of isis  in the video below. we believe his move in afghanistan is helping that cause .here he is at the rolling thunder rally enjoy!donald trump addressed thousands of motorcyclists
" in the months and even weeks leading up the 2016 presidential election
 hungry women and children” on their way to europe…while 6.6 million more are waiting to cross"
"the usual suspects are going to show up tonight for president trump s rally in phoenix
"silly parents you don t get to decide if
000 order"
"bikers for trump announced their support for pro-trump attendees at tonight s phoenix rally for trump. this just got more interesting because the bikers will not put up with the antifa violence. check out the announcement below:the statement released by bikers for trump s steven emery:this group of brave patriots deserves our support! please check out the go fund me for bikers for trump.don t forget that violence against trump supporters has been over-the-top since last year. how could we forget the chicago
"this is mob rule again! the best part of this video is when mayor mike signer says  that s not the rules he must not have been watching the news lately. the rules don t apply to these kooks.this is like a bunch of toddlers who are warned over and over to stop misbehaving. is this what america wants? we hope people on all sides see how horrible this is!it s hard to feel sorry for the mayor and city council when they supported this mayhem. the real culprit in all this is their governor. perhaps they should go visit him to ask questions about what he did to turn the rally/ protest into a violent riot.our latest on the virginia governor: why did the democrat va governor throw gasoline on the fire after violent protests broke out in charlottesville? why did the radical democrat governor of virginia lie about weapons being stashed around the city of charlottesville prior to the march? was he just doing his part as a prominent member of the democrat party to help create more racial division in america? why did he lie about virginia police officers being underprepared for the violence and chaos that took place
"the pieces are in place ahead of president donald trump s rally in downtown phoenix on tuesday
"why did the democrat va governor throw gasoline on the fire after violent protests broke out in charlottesville? why did the radical democrat governor of virginia lie about weapons being stashed around the city of charlottesville prior to the march? was he just doing his part as a prominent member of the democrat party to help create more racial division in america? why did he lie about virginia police officers being underprepared for the violence and chaos that took place
"patriot artist john mcnaughton just revealed his latest painting a tribute to the middle class and trump supporters who are the forgotten people of america remember when mcnaughton revealed the painting during obamas s presidency that depicted the president burning the constitution?  one nation under socialism please check out:  john mcnaughton fine art the forgotten man    our previous report on that incredible painting: john mcnaughton is a special american painter because of his subject matter and the intensity in which he portrays our current government troubled and corrupt. the forgotten man painting is amazing in its symbolism.here s how mcnaughton describes the painting:against the background of a darkening sky
"chelsea clinton thought she was quite clever when she cited the  story of lucifer  to support her argument for removing confederate statues. what is it about the clinton s citing anything to do with faith to support their argument that makes everyone cringe?the story of lucifer-who rebelled against god-is part of many christians' traditions. i've never been in a church with a lucifer statue.  chelsea clinton (@chelseaclinton) august 18
"recall that in 2016 a muslim professor was caught on video [see below] explaining why cutting off hands as punishment for theft is a good punishment. bassam alhalabi believes in sharia law and was explaining why it s such a great idea and that it would cut down on crime. here s the video below:just to be clear   this man believes it s ok to chop off hands!  where there is no sharia
 after usa today attempts to make readers believe president trump is draining secret service funds dry"
 former girlfriend of two years…”i would never date a racist”"
"if you don t have the proper glasses to watch the historic solar eclipse today
 makes tearful apology"
 melania & barron…ivanka and kids [video]"
"oh my! the lefty boston globe is using the 2017 solar eclipse to make a case for a clinton presidential win. the over-the-top article goes out of its way to make the claim that trump lost to clinton it s delusional and twisted that the globe would use an article about the eclipse to continue down this path of delusion the globe asked: : is the eclipse throwing shade at clinton supporters?the path of ideal viewing spots for this month s highly-anticipated total solar eclipse cuts overwhelmingly through places that voted for president trump in november.it starts out nice enough to trump but then it s  wham! they pivot to make the case for how they sill believe clinton won in 2016!and about 92 percent of those counties swung in trump s favor
"a mexican columnist just repeatedly stabbed a president trump pi ata she got it on film thinking it would be funny but trump supporter marco gutierrez shared the video with the secret service in hopes that they would visit this nut job to let her know how serious this is.please make sure you visit @gloaeza & let her know how #usa feels of this acts of hers @fbi @alt_doj @secretservice @infowars @seanhannity pic.twitter.com/zrkuxfutal  marco gutierrez (@marcogutierrez) august 17
 race-obsessed colin kaepernick will be added to smithsonian black history museum
"oklahoma state rep. john bennett made a comment on facebook that was has since been removed after local muslims didn t see any moral equivalency between removing mosques after 9/11 and removing confederate statues. everyone freaked out about his comment even the governor of oklahoma. we d like to know what you think see below for more info on this patriot!oklahoma city   a facebook post by an oklahoma lawmaker is receiving a lot of attention after the post suggested removing mosques from america.the post by rep. john bennett suggests that if confederate monuments are being removed because of the civil war
" i think it s all senseless. all senseless.    bethlehem
"we ve seen an escalation in violence against police officers this past week that is really disturbing. mob rule has taken over in some cities with leaders who are more concerned with the vile and violent protesters than the cops who are protecting their right to be protest.a black boston cop is taunted by a young black woman:  you stupid a** black bitch. you re suppose to be on our side . #bostonfreespeechrally pic.twitter.com/nmxptkay93  based monitored   (@basedmonitored) august 20
 jihad and the quran"
"thousands of starbucks customers cut up their gold cards and boycotted their favorite coffee spot after starbucks ceo howard schultz stuck his foot in his mouth
 massive scandal”"
"this is rich! the guy who opened our borders to criminals during the obama era is now telling us that statues are a homeland security threat?  former obama administration official jeh johnson said on this week with martha raditz that the removal of confederate statues was a matter of  public safety and homeland security  on sunday oh brother!a single protest against the removal of a statue of robert e. lee turned violent last week. charlottesville
000 in fed funds on booze
"the washington post reported: the patriarchs of this quiet island of millionaires threw up roadblocks when donald trump swooped in and turned its historic oceanfront mar-a-lago mansion into a private club.the town council
"this copy of the antifa manual
"in case you missed this earlier today a woman was hit by an anarchist and then dragged by her american flag. she ran to find the attacker and came upon a group of black lives matter  girls  who taunted her. it s sickening to watch but shows just hoe hateful these people are. she explains in the second video down fox news: woman waving american flag hit
"president trump was right again! he said mob rule of removing statues is a slippery slope. where does it end? a great example of the problem is the latest statue to be vandalized:on top of people calling for the removal of george washington s statue and the jefferson memorial
"hate is what antifa does so well does the left really want to associate with these violent anarchists?leftist protestors follow boston police officers yelling cruel and vile language at them. this is sick. pic.twitter.com/lqlb7uj2hu  the rouser (@rousernews) august 19
 suspended eric bolling
"***warning***this video is very disturbing!try to imagine this brave man who voluntarily enlisted in our us military
 john mccain
 drag female senior citizen holding us flag at pro-free speech rally in boston…successfully shut down rally"
"the video below is a classic  from the campaign. it s rare that cnn doesn t cut people off like this man. gary frazier gives a dose of truth serum to the panel on cnn but they won t listen this is awesome!katrina pierson commented and then frazier was asked to respond. well
"the news that the forecast for the third quarter gdp is set to  expand  to 4.0 will be bad news for the democrats who are trying to take down president trump. it will be ignored by the mainstream media who are focused on statues and protests.this should be great news for trump s economic team of brilliant and successful businessmen but even greater news for all americans!  maga!reuters reported:  the u.s. economy is on track to expand at a 4.0 percent annualized pace in the third quarter with inventory investment contributing 1.12 percentage points to growth
"joel pollack has been with breitbart news through the years of obama and beyond so he knows this is a war. it s so much more that statues he gets it and it s great to know steve bannon will be back in the trenches with pollack.interesting @msnbc segment with @alivelshi and @joelpollak   ben jacobs (@bencjacobs) august 18
"the democrats and their allies in the media have spent most of this entire week condemning president trump for blaming both sides for the violent confrontations in charlottesville
"if you want to try to dispute dinesh d souza s arguments
"ted nugent hits the nail on the head ted nugent and david crosby are in the midst of a social-media spat over nugent s claim that  political correctness  is keeping him out of the rock and roll hall of fame. crosby has dismissed the motor city madman s work as not good enough
"the program is dead! operation choke point is no longer a huge nuisance to gun dealers. republican leaders like bob goodlatte made it clear to the trump administration s doj that they wanted this program to end asap.eric holder launched the program when he was attorney general. the program was a thorn in the side of gun dealers because it hurt a gun dealer s ability to receive financial services from banks.one statement from the doj stands out:  law abiding businesses should not be targeted simply for operating in an industry that a particular administration might disfavor. huh? shouldn t it go without saying that the doj shouldn t target certain businesses??? what in the world!gop lawmakers wrote:  operation choke point was an obama administration initiative that destroyed legitimate businesses to which that administration was ideologically opposed (e.g.
"former white house chief strategist stephen k. bannon left the white house today and has already returned as executive chairman of breitbart news
”have you ever cheated on your spouse?” [video]"
 steve bannon is gone!…ann coulter: not good news
"this is awesome! basketball great charles barkley spoke up on the confederate statues controversy and called out the people who are focussing on the statues and not their ability to help themselves
"cnn published a hate group map and list from the southern poverty law center that targeted many christian organizations. the organizations are fearful for their safety after the bogus  hate map  with the headline
"here we go yet another statue of a military hero is reportedly under fire. this figure astride a horse was vandalized with the spray-painted words  tear it down .who was this historical figure? general lee? stonewall jackson? nathan bedford forrest?no
"an unidentified black trump supporter blasted the cudahy city
"the media is trying their best to control what you see and how you see it when it comes to the alt-left. we re here to tell you the truth about the violence and who is instigating it. antifa and black lives matter have been instrumental from the days of trump s campaign up until now. the video below is a great compilation of who the real aggressors are the truth
 wanting a fight”"
"it is becoming increasingly difficult to separate leftists from islamic terrorists as both destroy monuments
"earlier today
"a tennessee democrat was literally salivating to tell what he plans to do to destroy president trump it s like a feeding frenzy out there has anyone out there ever seen anything like this? it s disgusting! we think we know why this putz is grandstanding see below this guy is a hater and is just like all of the other democrats who will lie and cheat to get trump out of office. but is there something more grandstanding for voteswe dug a little deeper and came up with the real reason cohen is blasting president trump:the 9th is a heavily democratic
"and once again
"dr. ben carson was interviewed by a local tv station and relayed a story of grace after his home was vandalized. he also discussed the events in charlottesville and the removal of confederate statues. the secretary of the u.s. department of housing and urban development said he believes dialogue can help overcome hate and bigotry.carson said his home was vandalized earlier this summer while he was away: we were out of town and our house was toilet papered
"the u.s. secret service is investigating a facebook post from missouri state sen. maria chappelle-nadal
"will the mainstream media report about this?contradicting statements by virginia gov. terry mcauliffe
 jefferson statues “need to come down” [video]"
"we love this lady! she gets what s really happening. she calls out the media and the left on hijacking the narrative on charlottesville:  i don t care about charlottesville
 mainstream media to twist meaning of president trump’s words"
"really andrew? does all of new york really stand against racism? isn t  al sharpton
"this is what mob rule does it s lawless idiots who decided to vandalize and tear down a  peace  monument in atlanta. has it come to this? where does this end?the paragraph below from the ajc is the most disturbing:a protester was hurt by metal falling from the edifice as the group tried to tear it down
"mainstream news channels rarely draw attention to the negative side of abortion
"in a city whose former mayor stephanie rawlings-blake
"the purge continues the nyc mayor has just opened a can of worms so big that it ll be hard to control it. he wants to review  all symbols of hate  on city property then leave it to his panel of  experts  to decide what stays and what goes. this should be interesting. isn t this subjective? someone might think one thing is a symbol of hate but not another. where does this purging end?mayor de blasio said late wednesday that the city will conduct a 90-day review of  all symbols of hate on city property  in the wake of violence sparked by white supremacist groups in charlottesville
"a member of the worker s world party pulled down the statue in durham
"mark dice nails it! van jones on cnn cries over president trump blaming both sides
"political grandstanding has become a blood sport it s obvious that the cnn anchor set up the question so dyson s answer could be to  slaughter  our president with his words shameful! professor dyson and mitt romney (who supports antifa) are clueless!dyson:  this man is lethally ignorant
"this is expected from this lefty college will it trickle out to other colleges? participants were able to move in before most other students.  privilege much? victimhood translates to doing exactly what the  so called  victims fought against .go figurethe university of california
"comey lied and has been caught in his lie what next? foia request him again. he said there were no tarmac documents but now it turns out there were. hundreds of documents were just recently turned over oops! it s also absurd that there were never
"how in the world did this racist thug get elected? he s disgusting! he kept calling potus  45  then chris cuomo asked why he was doing that his answer is idiotic and disrespectful:  that s just what i call him. i believe that when he begins to act as if he deserves to be in that office
"you have to give it to president trump who went after the fake news media in a big way today. he challenged them to answer if it s ok to take down statues of george washington where does this end?.@potus: george washington was a slave owner are we going to take down statues of george washington? pic.twitter.com/npnnqlqbiv  fox news (@foxnews) august 15
"president donald trump ripped the media today and it was great to see. he said he didn t want to comment on the events over the weekend in charlottesville
"the muslim activist group cair is really stepping over the line with their latest effort to change america. they ve made a  template (see below)for how we can ditch our history i kid you not! all we can say is h*ll no! they ve steamrolled over so many local governments that this shouldn t surprise anyone. cair is linked to terrorists and is doing their best to infiltrate all that is america to change it. removing confederate statues is just cair trying to score political points with the left. how dare they demand anything of us this terrorist group should be named and shamed.the daily caller reported:nihad awad
"the politicians are using our monuments to history as bargaining chips to gain votes. it s sickening to see the back and forth with the cowardly bunch of lily livered sellouts who would rather win their seat than fight for what the people want. yes
"shine a light on these violent groups!thank you to ag jeff sessions for digging into who s behind the antifa and other anti-trump groups!the trump department of justice has requested information on users from anti-trump website disruptj20.the department of justice has requested information on visitors to a website used to organize protests against president trump
"is this a case of the left protesting again by doing something so childish? this smells like the left. calling conservatives nazis is their latest attempt at using alinsky tactics to pick a target and attack it. the department store is looking at the camera footage to see who did this.a row of mannequins inside a north carolina department store were rearranged over the weekend to make it look like they were giving a nazi salute.a tactic of the left?a customer spotted the mannequins at belk department store in cary
 then it’s game on”"
 the guillotines? [video]"
 president trump”…mother of charlottesville victim releases statement while the left plans escalation of violence [video]"
"cnn s jim acosta keeps trolling president trump and keeps making a total fool of himself! the latest moment was after signing a trade bill when acosta asked why the president didn t hold a press conference trump s response is priceless!president trump to @acosta:  i like real news. not fake news. you re fake news.   pic.twitter.com/sq3ir8irdx  cspan (@cspan) august 14
 white supremacists
" baked alaska  is a former liberal who wrote for the ultra-liberal buzzfeed publication.  he s now a conservative activist and trump supporter who regularly attends pro-trump and free-speech rallies to document the violence from the left
"george soros is trying his best to destroy america! he is ramping up his efforts now! james woods said it best when he tweeted that soros would be happy with what happened in charlottesville: attorney general jeff sessions released a statement that there would be an investigation into what happened in charlottesville. we re hoping sessions digs deep! if ag jeff sessions doesn t dig deep asap to uncover soros  involvement in antifa and blm
 democrat senator robert byrd"
"following the situation in charlottesville
 injuring 35 others? [video]"
"oakland raiders running back marshawn lynch sat during the national anthem over the weekend
"pro-trump supporters have known the truth for a long time that conservatives are being attacked. do you have any idea of the number of attacks? you might be shocked to see the list created by the daily caller.we feel like it s even more important to know who s behind the effort to attack and silence conservatives in america. there are groups like moveon.org and black lives matter that have been instigating violence in a big way. antifa is the worst with their tactics of extreme violence and destruction.just as destructive as the violence is the left s effort to hijack the narrative anytime something happens between both sides. it s an alinsky tactic that the left has been using long before president trump came on the scene. the only difference now is that they re on overdrive with the attacks on trump! it s downright scary!take the the huffington post s recent article calling for the execution of trump and  everyone assisting his agenda. if you ve noticed a hijacking of the narrative on just about everything to do with president trump then look no further than the attack on his comments yesterday. trump s words were twisted
"alert! alinsky tactics at work here! remember  pick a target? well
"equinox los angeles
"a voice of reason speaks out! mike huckabee told fox news host judge jeanine pirro that he has a  special repulsion  for white supremacists and that trump did the right thing in his statements about charlottesville. it s part because i m white
"a defector from north korea is cautioning against underestimating kim jong un when it comes to nuclear weapons   and he says president donald trump may be key to stopping him.song byeok escaped from the north in 2002 and currently resides in south korea. in a new interview
"a tweet caught my eye after exploring all of the hate and violence posted from charlottesville. did you dig deeper and do you know: who paid for helmets
 after car plows through protesters…1 dead…19 injured…”we are all americans first”"
"katie couric took to twitter to call out charlottesville
"watch the euphoric reaction of clinton crony and abc host george stephanopoulos discuss the probability of hillary winning the presidential election against candidate trump with nate silver. according to stephaopoulos
"how did this man get this license plate? how did it pass the dmv s rules of no vulgarity? it s obvious that it s a plate that bashes president trump but someone in the dmv let it pass through. now he s going to fight for his right to keep an obviously vulgar license plate? maybe he should grow up and have a decent plate on his car. the trump-bashing is childish and this guy was a teacher!what does this license plate say? don butler of richmond
"arrogant and smug is what we d call mcconnell when he spoke to a group telling them trump has  excessive expectations  of government unbelievable!after 7 years of promises
"remember fusion gps (please see our previous report on this below)? they are the opposition research firm behind the trump  golden showers  dossier that attempted to embarrass the president with untrue stories of sexual escapades. well
"the publication that just can t seem to get over hillary s loss to president trump has sunk to a new low. and yes
"a united methodist minister
"wow! open threats that government will  kill  the president had to be clarified by jake tapper. but please listen to this unhinged commentator on cnn and tell us the  deep state  doesn t exist:i found the actual for video  you guys decide if this is okay or not. change agents=threats. words like this on national tv is not right. pic.twitter.com/dqkksw47ef  bobby axelrod   (@sirbobbyaxelrod) august 10
 “i’m done!” after facebook banned him for video he posted 18 months ago
"mocking a liberal snowflake is never a good idea..cnn severed ties with jeffrey lord on thursday
"lynnette hardway and rochelle richardson of north carolina
"it is now a year since the democratic national committee s mail system was compromised a year since events in the spring and early summer of 2016 were identified as remote hacks and
"this is priceless! president trump just gave the best response ever to a reporter s question! he said he wanted to thank russian president vladimir putin for reducing his payroll by firing u.s. embassy staff in moscow. hysterical and so quick! watch how trump doesn t skip a beat with his response:after sanctions on russia were put in place in july
"oklahoma city   the oklahoma supreme court ruled the cigarette tax passed late in the legislative session unconstitutional thursday morning.the tax was expected to bring in more than $200 million of revenue for the state budget by tacking on an extra $1.50 per pack of cigarettes. the budget was planned and passed assuming the tax would hold.the tax was originally passed after the deadline for revenue raising bills
"maxine waters told a tmz reporter that secretary of state rex tillerson should put threats aside and appease north korea by giving them the  things that they re asking for . she responded as she was leaving an upscale steakhouse in beverly hills. she told the reporter that we can t afford to go to war. pretty rich for a person who wants to spend unlimited amounts on everything else but what s most important to the u.s defense! i want us to be very careful
"great news! southern methodist university in texas has reversed its decision to relocate an annual 9/11 memorial display made up of nearly 3
 tells viewers hawaii’s been preparing for nuclear strike since trump took office…cnn’s best survival tip: “find a cave”"
"great news! a federal judge just ordered the state department to make another attempt at locating hillary clinton s missing emails about the 2012 benghazi terrorist attack. the interesting thing is that the judge is an obama appointee who ruled with judicial watch. didn t do enough .u.s. district court judge amit mehta ruled tuesday that the state department did not do enough to  track down messages clinton may have sent about the assault on the u.s. diplomatic compound on sept. 11
"msnbc s brian williams spoke the truth on tuesday night when he said that it is the media s job to  scare people to death  over north korea. wow! these are the first true words this serial liar has spoken in years!williams commented that he thought secretary of state rex tillerson s tone was different from president trump s north korea stance.andrea mitchell couldn t wait to jump in and criticize trump:  there s pressure. this could have been a signal to beijing as well;  listen up
"bolling tweeted a couple of messages
"president trump put north korea s brutal dictator on notice yesterday
"it s one thing to have the media constantly painting police officers in a bad light on a near daily basis. but it s entirely another thing to have civilians discriminating against them on completely illegitimate grounds. this is exactly what happened this week when jim chambers
"bill clinton was falsely confident in his plan to end north korea s nuclear threat with diplomacy. over 20 years later
"immediately following president trump s inauguration
"it s always a win-win when you can find a hobby you enjoy
"general mcinerney is on fire in this interview! general mcinerney is calling for president trump to prepare for war with north korea and calls this trump s  cuban missile crisis . mid-interview (the 1:50 point) is when general mcinerney drops the  songbird  nickname wow!you can tell their is no love lost between the general and mccain. why did he call mccain songbird? many believe that john  songbird  mccain spilled his guts to get out of being tortured. there is evidence that mccain received  special  medical treatment from a soviet physician and other  considerations  to avoid being tortured just so he could come home.no one disputes that mccain was a vietnam pow
 rice
"speaking at a rotary club gathering in kentucky on monday
"what a treat! laura ingraham interviewed president trump senior policy adviser stephen miller tonight:miller has been spot on from the beginning of his tenure as senior adviser to trump he often  warmed up  the trump rally crowds with incredibly uplifting speeches. he also gave a great speech about why not to vote for hillary:trump spokesperson stephen miller just hammers hillary clinton! you will love every minute of this!the guy is so dialed in on immigration and what needs to be done to reform it. one million people come into the u.s. yearly! 300k in the 70 s
"there is no debating the fact that tensions between the united states and north korea have reached a boiling point. but what s still being continuously debated is how to handle these tensions.president trump threatened to use  fire and fury  against north korea after it was revealed that north korea successfully created a miniaturized nuclear weapon designed to fit inside its missiles. in an interview with nbc s tim russert in 1999
"this is a must watch and share!if anyone s wondering why the media won t give up their obsession (fantasy) that somehow president trump colluded with russia to win the election
 after he alleged trump campaign collusion with russians"
"roseville
"president trump made a forceful statement regarding the news of nuclear warheads obtained by north korea:  north korea best not make any more threats to the united states. they will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen.    pdjt.@potus:  north korea best not make any more threats to the united states. they will be met with fire & fury like the world has never seen.  pic.twitter.com/hi1rm7c2pc  cspan (@cspan) august 8
"it s probably not the wisest decision to argue with dr. sebastian gorka about the use of the phrase  radical islamic terrorism    especially if you have absolutely no idea what you re talking about in the first place.dr. sebastian gorka defended the trump administration s use of the phrase  radical islamic terrorism  in an appearance on msnbc tuesday. we will call it  radical islamic terrorism. we will target the ideology
"it s being reported that the markings of china s involvement in the ability of north korea to get a nuclear warhead are there. this is disturbing to say the least!north korea has successfully created a miniaturized nuclear warhead that can fit inside missiles
"over 1 million people have dropped off of the food stamp lists great news!the surprising group that dropped off is illegals yes
"isn t it unbelievable that these so-called experts get to spout off their hatred towards president trump on a regular basis via msnbc? this village idiot connects mosque burnings to trump when anyone with half a brain knows the muslims are vandalizing their own mosques (see below)! they don t even know who burned the minnesota mosque!the blame has been put on president trump but could it be that the muslims set fire to these mosques to produce a backlash? some of the arson cases have not been solved so why is buzzfeed blaming the attacks on anti-muslim arsonists?buzzfeed makes false claims:in the past seven weeks
"a university of georgia professor has adopted a  stress reduction policy  that will allow students to select their own grades if they  feel unduly stressed  by the ones they earned.according to online course syllabi for two of dr. richard watson s fall business courses
"while the main stream media continues to chase anything and everything to try and take down president trump
 president trump quietly accomplished something so awesome
"close your eyes and picture speaker of the house paul ryan (r-wi) telling a white radio host that he wouldn t rule out an  all-white  party. now picture his political career and his personal life being destroyed. will the same thing happen to maxine waters
"we love this guy! factory worker keith ketzler: for eight horrible years i heard
 after former dem w. va governor switched parties at trump rally last week"
"but..b but it isn t fair to ask for voter id says the party that dominates the states that refuse to cooperate with trump s election commission. the more corruption that s exposed through post-election voting investigations
"you may remember the story of a new jersey high school that came under fire after president trump s campaign logo and slogan were digitally removed from two students  yearbook photos and another student s quote from the president was also excluded.the students complained about wall township high school s censorship
"the slippery slope continues college park is just the latest city in maryland to propose that illegals be given the right to vote in local elections. if you re not outraged by this
"here we go again another student art contest that brings with it a controversial painting. remember the  cops as pigs  painting that caused a stir in the capitol? this painting is taking the iconic symbol of the statue of liberty and making it a religious symbol of islam with the hijab. congressman correa needs to take this painting down!a student painting that depicts the statue of liberty wearing a muslim hijab
"of course
 p*ssy-hat wearing
"rep. maxine waters said today that if robert mueller  does his job  and is able to prove collusion between president donald trump s campaign and the russians
 “this week” host george stephanopoulos’ question about trump’s plans to run in 2020"
"supporters of the rule of law crashed a pro-illegal rally on august 4
"many on the left and in the liberal media are hoping president trump will butt heads with his new chief of staff
"esteemed democratic attorney alan dershowitz unloaded on left-wing sensation maxine waters on fox and friends sunday. dershowitz responded to waters calling him a  racist  on msnbc:alan dershowitz: well
"newsweek magazine has gone completely overboard with their latest cover picture and title! they ve done a hit piece on president trump that is so disgusting and offensive that trump supporters on social media are hitting back.newsweek posted the cover of president trump on facebook with this caption:the top comments in response to this post are outraged pro-trump followers:kim daskam let newsweek have it!our favorite comment:marian marek: he s so damn lazy that 1.the dow hit a record high of 22
"climate grifter al gore is confronted about global warming and sea levels in this classic video where he just can t explain himself.  one of the challenges is taking what the scientists say and believing    al goreour latest on al gore: nasa s new climate data exposes al gore s lies: the timing of his new movie couldn t be more inconveniental gore has become very wealthy from his invention of global warming and the creation of an inconvenient truth
"b b but baron trump wore a t-shirt that said  the expert! with classes at harvard starting in just a few short weeks
"right before eighth grade
"the atlantic
"more bad news for lyin  loretta or lyin  lizzie
"adam kredo of wfb asks the question we all want the answer to:  the fact that this information subsequently leaked to the press
 gains against isis have “dramatically accelerated”"
"half of the eight mayoral hopefuls on detroit s primary ballot next week have been convicted of felony crimes involving drugs
"soooo the irs lied to americans to  prod  them to comply and sign up for obamacare. they lied about the cost of obamacare. does anyone see the criminality in this? it s a classic bait and switch but by our government! the obama administration  misled  americans into thinking signing up for obamacare would be cheaper than it really was
"a new email dump from the fbi via a foia request by the aclj reveals what appears to be collusion between the media and the doj to squash the story about the 2016 meeting between loretta lynch and bill clinton on the tarmac in phoenix
"maxine waters wants the leaks to continue even if they are confidential! waters was on the view when she claimed she s glad that the leaks are happening! this woman is off her rocker!our latest video on  mad maxine :maxine got a makeover and is hopping mad about speculation she s running for potus in 2020. it can t help that tucker carlson is mocking her just about every night.waters was in a foul mood during an interview with her favorite news anchor joy reid. reid is a foot soldier for waters. these two get together every other day to bash trump. pitiful!the funny thing is that no one was criticizing waters. they were merely speculating if she is considering a presidential run
"remember when chelsea clinton faced the same scrutiny as the trump children by the media? remember when the media scrutinized her involvement in the crooked clinton foundation
"attorney general jeff sessions announced today that the doj is taking steps to reduce the amount of leaking from the white house:sessions said during his friday press briefing that everyone in government  can do better  and must practice more discipline when it comes to the leaking of classified information. simply put
"every american should read and share this brilliant article.so
"senator jeanne shaheen justifies leaking phone conversations of president trump! she says that trump s tweeting is  a problem  and that it s a  serious situation . she s on the foreign relations committee!msnbc s chris matthews asked shaheen what she thought of officials leaking the conversations: my experience is that when people feel like they need to leak something like that
"gregg jarrett says mueller must resign after his latest new hire for the panel of lawyers. the entire panel is biased. in addition
"west virginia governor jim justice gave trump fans a yuge surprise when he attended trump s massive rally and announced he was leaving the democrat party and would be moving over to join the republican s the party that just can t stop winning.governor justice to crowd: we hurt a lot of people. we walked away from the old. i came to only get something done. let me just say this to you as bluntly as i can say it. the democrats walked away from me. today i will tell you with lots of prayers and lots and thinking. today i have to tell you i can t help you any more being a democrat governor. so tomorrow i will be changing my registration to republican!the governor was a little late to the party
 she still has clearance"
"four days after james t. hodgkinson opened fire on a group of republican congressmen at a baseball field in alexandria
000 illegal alien apprehensions"
"kid rock keyboardist jimmie bones is shocked but sure that kid rock could win it all and defeat senator debbie stabenow to be the new senator from michigan.in an interview with billboard
"note to media: if you won t report the good things surrounding trump s spectacular 6 months in office
"ap published an article today that attempts to discredit the very popular fox news cable network over their coverage of the seth rich murder. instead of questioning fox news  coverage of the seth rich murder case
"brent bozell does political commentary on fox news. he just put the hurt on fake conservative senator jeff flake with a great oped calling flake out for being a rino on behalf of my late father and my family
"we wish president trump could clone senior advisor stephen miller! he s so brilliant and knows immigration like no other! we can t say the same for the white house press corp! the trump administration made some positive announcements on immigration and the left went nuts! miller got the best of them!stephen miller has been with president trump from the earlier days of the 2016 campaign. he would give incredible speeches to the rally audience. he s so well versed on immigration and american history that he could take on anyone and win in a debate! we love the guy! he s a patriot!fyi: the statue of liberty had nothing
 migrants…favors english speaking immigrants…protects jobs for minorities
"yesterday
"what the heck is going on? why is the media
"the trump administration is preparing to redirect resources of the justice department s civil rights division toward investigating and suing universities over affirmative action admissions policies deemed to discriminate against white applicants
"liberal heads explode in 5 4 3 2 1president trump could win the white house again in 2020   which likely would send hostile political operatives and the disapproving news media into an epic meltdown. news flash: get ready. mr. trump will likely win re-election
"sarah huckabee sanders let the white house press have it when they kept asking about russia
"remember during the effort to get obamacare passed when nancy pelosi said: we ll go through the gate. if the gate s closed
"judge napolitano had this to say about the dnc s muslim it worker:  he was arrested for some financial crime. that s the tip of the iceberg. the real crime against him was that he had contact
 leftist author of harry potter books apologizes for making up
"green party presidential candidate jill stein appeared on msnbc to discuss the north korean crisis. did anyone really expect her to have anything of value to say on the subject
"there is chatter within the white house that kellyanne conway is being looked at as the next communications director
"president trump has decided to remove anthony scaramucci from his position as communications director. it s also being reported that john kelly is a key player in the removal (see below). scaramucci was only on the job for three days but caused a stir when he unloaded a crude verbal tirade against other senior members of the president s senior staff.#breakingnews: @potus removing @scaramucci as communications director via @nytimes pic.twitter.com/8j0w6udkcu  fox business (@foxbusiness) july 31
 adam schiff
"firebrand conservative ann coulter exposed delta airlines who gave away a seat she had to pay extra for in order to accommodate her very long legs.conservative columnist ann coulter flew into a fit of fury saturday after delta airlines booted her from her reserved  comfort+  seat   which comes with 3 additional inches of legroom   and gave it to another passenger.in a two-hour tweeting tantrum
"do you just want to wring this guy s neck for claiming that obamacare  isn t hurting people ? it s obvious this democrat hasn t been out of the beltway in years he s another lying politician because in the video below this one he claims that  premiums and deductibles are going up how is that not hurting people?please enlighten senator van hollen on the nightmare of obamacare! here s his contact information:senator chris van hollenvan hollen twittervan hollen facebookplease contact this clueless senator at any of the links above!van hollen is a flip flopper! he says in the video below at the :30 point that premiums and deductibles were rising how does that not hurt people???van hollen responds to camerota s question of whether obamacare is hurting people:  let s start with that question the president poses one more time
"it s bad enough to have crazed costumed characters in times square begging and harassing tourists but the nypd can t even arrest the mostly illegal aliens because of the policy of the de blasio administration. costumed and nude panhandlers are giving the finger to attempts to rein them in
"the old guard democrats brought on the full court press: former vice president joe biden personally lobbied sen. john mccain before the senator cast the crucial vote to take down a republican attempt to repeal the obamacare
"the initial run of megyn kelly s sunday newsmagazine show will reportedly be taken off the air at least two episodes earlier than scheduled because of her disastrous ratings. last week
"bernie sanders should know his socialized medicine but in an exchange on sunday he failed when he was pressed to explain why a single-payer health care system was rejected in vermont and california
"nj governor chris christie was being heckled during a baseball game at miller park. he lost it and got in the face of a chicago cubs fan and said  yeah
"president trump tweeted that he was considering removing bailouts and forcing congress to pay for their health insurance at the same rates as the rest of the country. below
" minneapolis mayoral candidate raymond dehn proposes disarming cops in wake of damond shooting. only one year ago
"here s a question for the anti-trump media: if putin and trump have such a strong history of working together
"liz harrington
"president trump made a joke while speaking to law enforcement officers that was portrayed in the media as an endorsement of police brutality the left will do just about anything to bash president trump! go to the 22:30 mark to hear the joke:the daily caller reports that while speaking about violent gang-members in a speech to law enforcement officers that focused on ms-13
"president reagan warned of the dangers of liberalism
"not a day goes by that we have another gaffe from nancy pelosi term limits please!.@nancypelosi screws up the oath of office while lecturing reporters about the seriousness of her job. pic.twitter.com/hlgcxsqk4m  josh caplan (@joshdcaplan) july 30
 makes anti-trump comment to schumer then gathers with democrats [video]"
"a california farmer fined $2.8 million for plowing through vernal pools protected by the clean water act without a permit is appealing to the trump administration for help
"sometimes
 while living in pakistan…didn’t tell authorities muslim wife left country while under criminal investigation"
"when asked if a pre-emptive military strike is a possibility
"so what s worse
 trump invites him to whitehouse [video]"
"after sarah huckabee sanders read a letter from a little boy to the press (see below)
"sara carter of circa news is a very trusted source who goes deep like no other journalist we know. carter is reporting that national security advisor
"jk rowling and the left went on a twitter tirade claiming that president trump ignored a disabled boy:how stunning
"when was the last time being loyal to your boss was a negative
"establishment republican reince priebus is gone the establishment republican so many have blamed for white house leaks or ties to white house leakers met his fate today. after only 6 months as president trump s white house chief of staff
"while campaigning for president
"during congressional testimony
"in spite of senator john mccain s promise to his constituents only 9 months ago when he was running for reelection
"sarah huckabee sanders has taken control of the media and is no longer allowing them to push a false narrative when it comes to president trump and a non-existant russian connection.time and time again
"it s clear that some republicans never wanted obamacare to die susan collins of maine
"lt. col. tony shaffer opened a can of worms tonight when he said that the awan brothers sent sensitive intel to the muslim brotherhood as if this case couldn t get more bizarre! previous update on this bizarre case: dem rep. debbie wasserman-schultz pakistani it staffer imran awan was arrested at dulles airport while trying to flee the united states. get the back story from maria bartiromo:  how is it possible that 3 brothers are hired
"it s great to have a president who appreciates our special agents and police officers! trump honored the police officers and special agents who took down the lunatic who shot steve scalise last month during a baseball practice for a charity game:remember the horrible day that the lunatic opened fire trying to kill republicans?here s our report on the shooting:rep. steve scalise was shot wednesday morning in alexandria
"yes
"senator lindsey graham made a bold announcement the other day when he told his constituents in south carolina that if they were against amnesty for illegals and outsourcing
"the trend of young muslim men targeting and attacking white non-muslims continues world wide. a group of three muslim men attacked strangers at the liverpool city center because they were white  non-muslims.  one witness feared the men were isis terrorists because they were using  racist language
"you just can t make this stuff up! does anyone else see the huge irony in this?a marxist student group at swarthmore college disbanded itself earlier this year after realizing that its members were too rich and too white to be real commies.according to screenshots confidentially provided to campus reform by an individual with access to the group s private facebook page
"the unaccomplished chelsea clinton
"it s no secret that secretary of state rex tillerson is a tell-it-like-it is kind of guy. so when he was bombarded with rude questions ( are you committed to staying in your position as secretary of state?   how long will you stay for?   how s your relationship with the president right now?) from the press during a welcome with the qatari foreign minister
"democratic sen. chris murphy (conn.) said wednesday on msnbc s  morning joe  that republican efforts to repeal obamacare are based on the gop s  hatred of barack obama. msnbc contributor eddie glaude asked murphy what he believes the  animating commitment  behind the gop health care bill is and what it would take for him to work in a bipartisan way with republicans to fix the country s health care system. at this point
"hollywood stars took to social media wednesday to express outrage over president donald trump s announcement that transgender people will not be allowed to serve in the u.s. military
 senator mccain explains how to fix rancor in dc : “stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio
"the shocking revelations just keep on coming in this dnc it case. the main stream media refuses to jump in on this hot story because it leads to damaging information against the democrats. several muslim brotherhood connected people worked for the dnc and had access to the sensitive information from congress:it appears the it staffer had access to rep. pelosi s ipad:wikileaks has released the email below where it looks like imran has access to nancy pelosi s ipad! pelosi is doing closed door meeting. no staff or anyone allowed. kaitlyn come to rayburn room and get her ipad for imran. thanks.tracie and kate i will call kate. conf in tracierosalyn kumar rep. wasserman schultzthe bottom line in this case is that red flags were everywhere so why hasn t anyone blown this case wide open?some things stand out that should be looked at:awan smashed his hard drives in an effort to destroy them.awan and his relatives were paid large amounts of money ($4 million) over a decade but they declared bankruptcy in 2012.awan and his brothers are connected to the muslim brotherhooddebbie wasserman schultz threatened the capitol police  by saying there would be  consequences  if they didn t give a computer back that was being kept as part of the investigation:fraud charge: awan is accused of attempting to defraud the congressional federal credit union by obtaining a $165
"apparently breaking the law and scamming the government is excusable if you can conveniently blame discrimination. and when the media is ignoring your illegal activity
"a fly on the wall? more like a spy on the floor of your home. it turns out that your dog isn t the only one who should be weary of your roomba. this popular home cleaning device has been mapping homes using a camera and sensors since 2015 in order to maximize efficiency. however
"more manufactured news that exposes the hate our leftist media has for republicans even for those who haven t been in office in years.the boston globe set heads scratching tuesday after the newspaper published a story on former republican presidential candidate mitt romney s whereabouts during the senate health care vote.the former massachusetts governor is now a private citizen removed from the debate to repeal and replace obamacare. but the globe wrote a story highlighting romney s daughter-in-law s instagram post showing he was jetskiing at the time. while the senate debated health care
"you would think charlotte is lost to the liberals there are lefty democrats living there who don t understand that they don t get to decide who is involved in local government the voters do! dimple ajmera decided to characterize president trump as divisive but it s ironic that she is the one who s dividing people. after her nasty remarks about trump
"remember when the media used to think they controlled the narrative? that was before president trump
"william shatner is such a smarty pants on twitter. he gets his snarky point across with few words.shatner has been the subject of left-wing anger since he announced in may that he would not follow the lead of many in hollywood and attack president donald trump.shatner
"president trump just tweeted out a new policy in the us military that was made after consultation with military experts and generals:trump made the announcement
 nothing but promise.’ [video]"
"dem rep. debbie wasserman-schultz pakistani it staffer imran awan was arrested at dulles airport while trying to flee the united states. get the back story from maria bartiromo:  how is it possible that 3 brothers are hired
 anti-trumper with ties to reince priebus"
 senator john mccain returns to deliver stunning speech [video]"
"it s bad enough that democrat senators are speaking this way but rino susan collins didn t even defend her fellow senator! she took it to a new low. you can hear the harsh comments at the 1:30 point:sen. jack reed (d.
"a group of volunteer soldiers announced this week the first ever lgbt unit formed to kick isis butt.the queer insurrection and liberation army
"this isn t the first punch this group of black chicago residents have delivered to the failed democrat party. in 2015
"massachusetts is now a sanctuary state! the massachusetts supreme court just ruled that illegals are to be released and not held under federal law. this puts all americans at risk! tucker carlson previously interviewed a state rep. who supports subverting federal law. please listen to the skewed reasoning for not following federal law:in a ruling hailed by civil liberties advocates that ends a longstanding immigration enforcement practice
" republicans need to get a backbone
000 boy scouts boo barack obama…go crazy…chant “we love trump” during president trump’s visit to national scout jamboree"
"where s george soros when his top  fact  checkers
"this news is heartbreaking because it s the unnecessary delay in treatment that ultimately determined the fate of this little baby:  the window of opportunity has been lost chris gard and connie yates announced their decision as a high court judge was preparing to oversee the latest round of a five-month legal battle.the parents have said they want to withdraw their application for him to receive experimental treatment in the us because it was  too late  for it to work.in a move that would appear to bring an end to a protracted
"jared kushner just spoke out on being accused of  colluding  with the russians during the 2016 campaign: president trump had a better message & ran a smarter campaign. that is why he won. suggesting otherwise
"ami horowitz is a thought provoking filmmaker who took a lot of heat for exposing the truth about the horrific
"nice threat to potus:  the intelligence community will continue to convey truth to power even if power doesn t necessarily listen.  this entire video is disturbing but eye opening. they feel threatened by trump and this is clearly an effort to hurt president trump. this coming from two men who ok d spying on americans and who lied under oath:how convenient that cnn s wolf blitzer is the host for this bashfest of the current administration under president trump. how ironic is it that two men who lied under oath are speaking  truth  to power fyi: john brennan literally voted for the communist party in the 1970s during the height of the cold war now they re lecturing us about russia.these two men define the deep state this talk was really all about creating doubt on trump and to defend themselves post obama. can you imagine if the tables were turned and this vitriol was directed at obama? shameful!all you have to do is listen to clapper lie before congress and you know he has zero credibility to speak:remember the famous moment when us national intelligence chief james clapper was testifying about the nsa surveillance of americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. of course
"so now if you enter a contest
 i’m going to fire everybody.” [video]"
 discussed how they could “stop donald trump”"
"american pride and american exceptionalism is back. it shows in the confidence our military has in their newly elected commander in chief and in the confidence americans have in the private sector
"jake tapper and the new white house communications director went at it this morning. anthony scaramucci had the line of the day: i ll bring cnn a box of kleenex when trump wins in 2020anthony scaramucci: if i said some things about him
 38 locked inside tractor-trailer outside walmart…no a/c…101 degrees [video]"
"vickie paladino and her husband were driving through their neighborhood when they spotted the mayor. paladino was so upset over de blasio s trip to germany to speak at a g-20 protest in lieu of attending a vigil for slain new york police officer miosotis familia that she left the car to berate him.as de blasio approached her and a group of others to shake hands
 forced to do the unimaginable"
"maxine got a makeover and is hopping mad about speculation she s running for potus in 2020. it can t help that tucker carlson is mocking her just about every night.waters was in a foul mood during an interview with her favorite news anchor joy reid. reid is a foot soldier for waters. these two get together every other day to bash trump. pitiful!the funny thing is that no one was criticizing waters. they were merely speculating if she is considering a presidential run
"it s thursday
this is spot on! ned ryun joined tucker carlson to discuss the latest leak regarding ag jeff sessions. do we even have evidence that the source is in fact telling the truth? wapo went ahead and reported it anyway. ryun s right when he discusses the deep state and mueller subverting the will of the american voter: is dangerous territory and is so harmful to our president and his agenda. tucker carlson had more to say on this:  what are these transactions? basically any commercial activity that trump or his family and associates conducted over the last decade that might pertain to russia or anyone who has ever lived in russia. let s be clear about the politics here. this is a massive threat to the white house. a determined prosecutor can prove almost anything he wants. a prosecutor with no time limit or budget or accountability to voters? there is nobody more dangerous than that. the investigation has been slammed by very reputable lawyers who happen to be democrats! this needs to end asap!
"the center for immigration studies is a great resource for all the facts on illegals and taxpayer dollars. patty and i were lucky enough to attend a two-day workshop with them in dc. the main fact that stuck with us is that the current immigration system is unsustainable they used facts and figures to lay out the truth for us and it was frightening! this is why it is even more frightening that the feds are still giving preferential treatment to illegals when it comes to snap.cis s david north gives us the low down:it s been six months since donald trump took office
"katie couric is a wolf in sheep s clothing. dan rather
"former mi supreme court justice and black conservative bob young has officially thrown his hat in the senate race.firebrand lena epstein
"this guy is a joke! scott dworkin:  a paper trail leads directly back to mike pence pence knew michael flynn was a foreign agent  msnbc is actually ok with this lunatic spouting his bs? a paper trail leads directly back to mike pence pence knew michael flynn was a foreign agent  @funder on #amjoy   scott dworkin (@funder) july 15
"the hysterical terrence williams weighs in on the news that  poverty pimp  maxine waters might run for potus: .@maxinewaters for president 2020  oh no we don t elect poverty pimps   terrence williams (@w_terrence) july 21
"please note that this unhinged woman is a middle school teacher!after an eight-month investigation
"the mainstream media will never show you both sides of the story
"sean spicer resigned today from his position in president trump s administration. he tweeted out after his resignation a very gracious message of thanks:it s been an honor & a privilege to serve @potus @realdonaldtrump & this amazing country. i will continue my service through august  sean spicer (@presssec) july 21
"a uniformed police officer in virginia said he was refused service at a local mcdonald s because he was wearing a uniform
"senator john mccain just couldn t help himself. while millions of americans were praying for his recovery
"a woman who was born in nazi germany says that what reminds her of hitler more than anything else isn t donald trump
"australian senator larissa waters recently went viral after she made history by becoming the first woman to breastfeed in the country s parliament. but waters resigned today after it was revealed that she has dual citizenship in australia and canada
"judge andrew napolitano reacted to an interview president donald trump gave to the new york times about attorney general jeff sessions  decision to recuse himself earlier on in all matters pertaining to trump s 2016 presidential campaign:.@judgenap: jeff sessions should not have recused himself or accepted the nomination to be attorney general pic.twitter.com/3ekfgpqtm0  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) july 20
"dnc chair tom perez is a fear mongering racist who likes to stir up fake concerns for democrat voters. he s clearly afraid of the voter integrity policy of trump who wants to clean up voter lists. what s wrong with that? tom perez has a long history of fear mongering and racism judge jeanine ripped into the dem chair tom perez for his blistering speech (see video below) on how donald trump doesn t stand for  our values  and that we must  resist . she asks the questions perez should answer! judgejeanine:  don t stand for our values ? pray tell
"obama would have hurt himself doing this (see video below). the corning glass ceo visited the white house with other business leaders and had president trump test a specialty glass made by corning called valor glass. ceo wendell weeks had president trump press the lever on the old glass and then on the new corning s valor glass.the result was awesome! weeks told president trump:  my associate wanted me to inform you a thousand pounds is about the same as a punch from a professional boxer.  trump exerted 1
"rep. steve king of iowa was being interviewed by tucker carlson when he blurted out that opposition to trump s wall comes from speaker paul ryan at the 1:00 mark.  so who s obstructing the building of a wall with mexico? speaker paul ryan and the republicans who oppose trump! drain the swamp!paul ryan announces budget that doesn t include border wall funds:paul ryan nervously giggled during the republican announcement of the budget and obamacare replacement this morning. it s interesting to watch all of the republicans in the video below skip over the elephant in the room by redirecting everyone to other items they consider to be positive. ryan emphasized the funding for border patrol but skipped right over the border wall funding.why does the left bother with  resistance  theatrics when the republican congress funds their entire wish list anyway?is funding the nih (national institutes for health) with 2 billion dollars a good thing? that bloated and very wasteful item needs to be looked at more closely. remember shrimp on a treadmill? drunk monkeys? yes
 gop senate hopeful shiva ayyadurai just got great news…fake indian elizabeth warren aligns herself with hillary clinton in new fundraising email"
"judicial watch has released documents obtained in response to a court order including emails that show a pay to play game going on between the clintons and donors: a number of emails show the free flow of information and requests for favors between clinton s state department and the clinton foundation. what s even more disturbing is the lack of concern for national security in the heavily redacted emails:the heavily redacted documents from abedin s non-government account include an email from hillary clinton s brother
"jesse watters: gop can t drain the swamp when their own members are plugging the hole. jesse watters made an excellent point about republicans and their failure to repeal obamacare. the gop can t seem to get out of its own way. the gop can t drain the swamp when their own members are standing in the way.watters nailed it! this is so on point!msnbc s joy reid confirmed what watters said when she commented on the three women watters mentioned and called them the  resistance  to trump:wednesday on msnbc s  deadline: white house
"nancy pelosi decided to make a connection between the military budget and the republican budget saying it  stirs  up violence notice who is standing behind her in the video all people who come to the feds for a handout from taxpayers. the ironic thing is that it s the military that s supposed to be funded over any of these leeches.just last week pelosi giggled while talking about north korean aggression: nancy pelosi had a strange reaction to a reporter s question about north korean aggression she giggled!nancy pelosi holds a weekly press conference that has become a joke. every week she does something strange that hits the news. whether it s giggling or saying bush is president
"the mccain family has requested everyone s prayers sen. john mccain
"news broke a few days ago that there was more to the reported minor outpatient removal of a blood clot above john mccain s eye. suspicion has been growing that the surgery was more serious but we now know that it s as bad as it gets. senator john mccain has been diagnosed with brain cancer. please pray for senator mccain and his family. no matter what side of the aisle you re on
"a health care executive cheated medicare out of $132 million and blew the money on a $7 million franklin mansion and courtside nba tickets
"how corrupt is this? the usps allowed employees to work for presidential candidate hillary clinton. can you imagine if candidate trump did this? there would be hell to pay!the u.s. postal service spent $90
"less than one month before the 2016 presidential election
 big lie! a lie!… it was a lie by the president! …he said it 28 times!” (video)"
 we shouldn’t leave town.” [video]"
 unable to feel her legs after female somali immigrant attacks her for walking “unclean” dogs"
"it s no secret that rosie o donnell and donald trump don t get along. but o donnell s promotion of an online game where you make the president jump off a cliff has gone too far! can you imagine if the tables were turned and this was obama?push trump off a cliff again   rosie (@rosie) july 15
"former house speaker newt gingrich issued a dire warning to republicans to focus on economic growth or else nancy pelosi will return to the speaker s chair. gingrich suggested a  large tax cut  by thanksgiving that would be retroactive .@newtgingrich:  if we don t have economic growth next year
 and the media as the other party.” [video]"
"comedian mark dice explores the influence so-called comedians have on their viewers when it comes to pushing their political views on fans. as part of his example
"republican congressman david brat wasn t sitting back and waiting for msnbc host craig melvin to attack him or republican president donald trump. much to the msnbc host s surprise
"wow! conservative ann coulter was in fact targeted by delta employees who wanted to make the popular republican uncomfortable. coulter tweeted out a screenshot of a back and forth that confirms the employees decided to mess with her because of her political affiliation:beware of @delta republicans. texts from a flight attendant: it was political. @delta still won t give a reason. pic.twitter.com/tcxp2dlpa0  ann coulter (@anncoulter) july 18
"in an  impromptu  white house presser during president trump s lunch with vice president pence
"the hate for the trump family by the defeated liberal press is visceral msnbc political analyst joan walsh
"somali immigrant and minnesota police officer mohamed noor shot and killed a 40 yr. old australian woman when they arrived at her home to respond to a call she made about a potential sexual assault near her home. officer noor has only been a police officer for 2 years
"chris christie knows how to create awkward political moments that s for sure! (*see photo gaffe gallery below) remember the game hug? the very awkward moment behind candidate trump where he just stood there with a blank stare? his latest and most awkward political moment has to be  beachgate  where he was captured lounging with his family on a nj beach after closing it to the public. ouch! we re just happy he wasn t hired by president trump but was let go by jared kushner. wheeew!in previous reports
 newt gingrich rip obama’s national security advisor
"msnbc s mika brzezinski had a  snarkfest  with ap reporter julie pace during a series of questions that culminated in her saying that president donald trump s actions on obamacare made him  look like an idiot.  these two just brought journalism to a new low with this exchange:pace was speaking about the reasons why republicans were unable to pass a bill to repeal and replace obamacare. pace said that the white house had people connected on capitol hill who knew that the bill was in trouble. trump expressed confidence in the bill s passage as late as monday afternoon.brzezinski asked:  who s talking to the president before he gets out in front of the cameras at the white house with the vice president behind him saying  this is going to be good  an hour before this goes down in flames? does the right hand know what the left is doing
"while many on the left continue to accuse president trump and his administration of colluding with the russians
"walmart was apologizing on monday after an appalling description of a product by a third-party vendor made its way onto the retail giant s website.the retailer was slammed early monday after the color of a netting weave cap   used as a protective layer between a person s hair and sewn-in hair extensions   on its site was described as the color  n  brown. twitter user kwani luni tweeted a message about the wig color on walmart s website
"she wanted him to assimilate. she gave him a good job. she trusted him and offered the chance to prove he was willing to be a good employee. he slit her throat. there was nothing special or unique about mohammad hussain rashwani
"max blumenthal is a known progressive who s out to get his own party for the constant russia-trump bashing. he confronts rep. jamie raskin on the russia scandal:this is hysterical! blumenthal is awesome even though he s a leftist a rarity! note at the end of the video that he calls out raskin for saying  trump is a russian hoax earlier in july he proposed a panel to oust president trump: pointing to the outcry over president donald trump s latest controversial tweets
"president trump was sporting a commemorative stetson hat today when he introduced the  made in america  week starting with omaha steaks. he has a great one-liner  in the video below this one about opening the beef trade again with china:  the gentleman who was in charge of omaha beef. they do beef. he hugged me and he wanted to kiss me so badly. opening remarks:president trump says omaha steaks ceo  wanted to kiss me so badly  for opening beef trade in china   nbc politics (@nbcpolitics) july 17
 on crooked hillary and barack obama"
"low blow! political hack angela rye refused to say that president trump is the president of the united states during a cnn interview this morning. this bitter woman is truly childish. this is the same former exec director of the cbc who said trump gained success off the backs of  poor people  (see video below).arguing with former rep. jack kingston (r-ga)
"wow! talk about clueless! austen fletcher approaches anti-trump protesters and gets clueless answers on why they re against trump:thought you might enjoy this  @prisonplanet @allidoisowen @jackposobiec pic.twitter.com/kdym2wlfdb  austen fletcher (@fleccas) july 17
 slated to testify against clinton foundation corruption next week
"democrat alan dershowitz dismissed a major argument democrats have been making against donald trump jr.
"cnn is notorious for cutting the mic when they don t like what someone is saying on their network.rep. scott taylor was being interviewed by cnn host dana bash about the refugee ban when he began to say how the american people are overwhelmingly in support of the ban in the interest of their safety. he goes on to say that 30% of domestic terrorism is committed by refugees when his sound and picture is instantly cut out of the broadcast.bash is quick to blame the cut on  the tv gremlins .rep scott taylor's feed is cut off after he says 30% of refugees commit domestic terrorism selective journalism smh pic.twitter.com/klefdnawqq  eye on the sparrow (@2chron169) july 16
"kid rock has struck panic into the hearts of liberal politicians upon his announcement that he will be running for senate in michigan.kid rock
"more than 1
 as media still pushes lie that women hate trump"
"b b..but al gore and barack obama say scientists  were exposed for manipulating climate data during the 2011 climategate  scandal when 5
"there are some people you probably shouldn t cross. donald trump is one
"brigitte macron is 24 years older than her husband. she is 64-years old and is in great shape for a woman of her age. as a female
"maxine waters has a major brain freeze during an interview ripping on the trump administration karma?  recognize that evidence is pouring in and it s growing or what is matt  what what is wrong with them
"president trump called obama s agreement with australia to bring in economic parasites disguised as refugees to the us a  bad deal  and a  dumb deal . president obama made this deal right before leaving office dumping it into the lap of the incoming administration. trump was unhappy about this  dumb deal  but reluctantly decided to send us officials to vet the refugees:us officials just abruptly halted screening and left the offshore detention centre on friday. is this a sign that this  bad deal  is upside down and will not go forward? we certainly hope so!australia
"a 24-year-old somali man
"democrat senator and fake indian elizabeth warren took to twitter to criticize the evil republican s plan to replace obamacare.while her tweet in and of itself
"hillary would never have labeled one of her largest donors
 who earned $1.5 million per year as dc lawyer
"greg gutfeld scored a priceless tv moment during  the five . he mocked the cnn box-wearing trend that started with the wwe mocked-up wrestling video where president trump was wrestling with the cnn logo (see below).@greggutfeld is the best ever. opens @thefive with a @cnn box on his head!!! he s a savage!!! bless you gregg. pic.twitter.com/1wsn917fch  rev. james lake (@jamesplake721) july 15
"if you re not okay with taxpayers paying for exorbitant medical costs
"during a friday interview
"civil rights activist rev. jesse jackson sr. attended the rainbow/push coalition convention in chicago on thursday
"nancy pelosi had a strange reaction to a reporter s question about north korean aggression she giggled!nancy pelosi holds a weekly press conference that has become a joke. every week she does something strange that hits the news. whether it s giggling or saying bush is president
"this is huge! lou dobbs joined sean hannity to discuss the constant effort to destroy president trump. dobbs has mentioned a coup before (see below) but is doubling down on his concern that the deep state and lefty media are in a full court press to get trump out of office asap.lou dobbs had this to say about the effort to destroy trump: the double standard is more than that by a long measure. this is an effort to subvert the administration of president donald trump. it is nothing less. it is an effort by the deep state to roll over a duly elected president and a legitimate government and to break the will of the american people. this is no longer about republicans and democrats
"is anyone really shocked that another fake  trump-russian collusion  story points to obama and his crooked administration?today
"president donald trump told televangelist pat robertson in a new interview that he will make it safe to say  merry christmas you ll be saying merry christmas again soon pat robertson
"jpmorgan chase ceo jamie dimon went on a rant about the dysfunction in dc during the company s earnings conference call friday: the u.s. has become  one of the most bureaucratic
"more than 21
 gop operative who sought hillary clinton’s missing emails found dead in hotel room"
"where was the media s outrage when a sitting united states senator
 major hillary supporter"
 sensational coverage for your ratings
 france"
"sebastian gorka does a mic drop on cnn anchor alison camerota when he tells her more people watch nick at nite and cartoons than they watch cnn:watch and laugh: sebastian gorka tells cnn that more people watch nick-at-nite and cartoons then them. #trump #cnnblackmail pic.twitter.com/uwekmocqrr  tim young (@timrunshismouth) july 12
"meanwhile
"if this keeps up
 china welcomes back us beef to their multibillion-dollar market"
"kid rock
 dumb f**ks"
"republican senator charles grassley wants answers on why the russian lawyer who met with donald trump jr. was allowed in the us after her visa had been denied. grassley
"liberal logic 101 the new superintendent for detroit s public schools said he will recommend the school district no longer authorize charter schools and focus instead on improving its conventional schools
"much to the dismay of mainstream media journalists
 the other in iraq…what’s wrong with this picture?"
"msnbc s casey hunt was interviewing war-hawk and rino senator lindsey graham (r-sc) about the meeting donald trump jr. on capitol hill. senator lindsey graham appeared to be concerned about trump s decision to meet with the russian lawyer who ended up only wanting to talk about adoptions. graham inferred that trump jr. made a  rookie mistake  saying
"this is the dumbest and biggest crime in the history of american politics. there's not even a close second.  jared yates sexton (@jysexton) july 11
"donald trump jr. took to twitter today to release all email communication with the kremlin-linked lawyer
 for teens
"this afternoon
"the guy who wasn t funny enough to land the coveted tonight show gig after johnny carson retired
 he should have handcuffs on and go to jail"
"chris cuomo of fake news network cnn interviewed kellyanne conway on sunday. you would have thought by now
 comedian-actor george lopez says president trump should “deport the police” to make streets safer…leads audience in anti-trump chant “f**k that puto (male whore)” [video]"
"last week
"here s how fake news works in an effort to cast president trump s eldest son
"dnc staffer seth rich was shot in the back several times while walking home late at night
 who actually said “big story” of g20 was how far president trump and putin spread their legs [video]"
"new york city s radical leftist democrat mayor bill deblasio jetted off to hamburg
"why would president trump want america to enforce a travel ban on refugees from terror hotbed nations? why wouldn t we want to import so many nice
"twitter moments reported that alaska mom jolene jackinsky was waiting at an airport when she noticed the former president
"this group of black lives matter supporters marched at the minnesota state fair chanting
"cnn s ratings have been in the toilet ever since they made falsifying news about our president and his nonexistent russian connection a top priority. earlier this week
"melania and ivanka trump were standouts at the g20 summit. the trump women displayed plenty of style and grace while mingling with world leaders and their spouses. first lady melania trump was pure perfection the entire trip. the highlight was a show stopping white flapper dress worn for a dinner where she clearly charmed russia s vladimir putin.melania has a future in diplomacy:when the trump/putin meeting went over time
"communist mayor bill de blasio just can t help himself. he had to abandon nyc to go to hamburg
"the fbi finally delivered a dose of karma to a loony liberal from iowa who threatened to kill republican senator joni ernst. is the fbi cracking down on threats to u.s. officials? you have to wonder why the people who have threatened president trump haven t been given the same treatment. we know that the secret service interviewed kathy griffin after her  beheading trump  video came out. will antifa members who have threatened president trump be looked at by the fbi?liberal lunatic arrested for threats:an omaha man was arrested by the fbi on friday after he made threats to  kill  u.s. senator joni ernst (r-iowa)
"one month before the election
"french president emmanuel macron has prided himself as the world s anti-trump. he has arrogantly taken counter stances to president donald trump s on issues such as global warming and globalization. ironically
"lou dobbs went off on #fakepresident barack obama during his  dobb s commentary  segment. fox news host lou dobbs is furious that the former president
"cnn is finally seeing the serious repercussions of reporting #veryfakenews
"terrance williams is a conservative trump supporter and comedian who makes hilarious videos on twitter. anyone who watches williams  videos can t help but notice his contagious laugh. when williams went to apple s app store yesterday
"mayor bill de blasio on thursday skipped an nypd swearing-in ceremony made somber by this week s assassination of a cop   then hours later revealed he was busy preparing to jet off on a surprise trip to join leftist protesters at the g-20 summit in germany.hizzoner s overseas jaunt was kept under wraps until just 90 minutes before he took off from newark airport. a last-minute announcement said he  will attend several events surrounding the g-20 summit
"first lady melania trump was trapped inside her residence in hamburg on friday because of the violent protests outside the g20 summit
 open-borders clooney’s no longer feel secure in england…moving back to u.s"
 have the democrats so obstinately refused to accept the result of a lawful election” [video]"
"maxine waters is so filled with hate for anyone who disagrees with her
"when cnn
"last week
"although obama had 3 years to take action to fix the flint water problem
"mark steyn joined tucker carlson tonight to discuss the threat from cnn to the guy who made the video of president trump wrestling with the cnn logo (see below)  wolf blitzer has put a horse s head in some guy s bed    mark steynour previous reports on the cnn extortion: the hosts of  new day  dug a deeper hole for cnn on wednesday when they said that the network would not identify the reddit user behind the viral video of president trump wrestling a man with cnn s logo imposed over his face because he apologized. cnn had previously written that it had decided not to publicly identify the man because he was a private citizen who showed remorse
"project veritas just released yet another video of the cnn producer calling voters  stupid as sh*t  and even mocking on of their top news anchors  chris cuomo!the undercover reporter stroked carr s ego saying he had just as much  gravitas  as cuomo and he responded saying
 black lives matter anti-cop rhetoric?"
"the president and first lady touched down in warsaw
"beyond the pale abc reporter matthew dowd compared president donald trump with n. korea s kim jong un on good morning america wednesday when having discussion with former clinton white house communications director anchor george stephanopoulos.as for the objectivity and credibility of clinton foundation mega-donor george stephanopoulos
"president trump just made liberal heads explode! the liberal mantra has been to destroy anything to do with the civil war. civil war statues were recently removed from the city of new orleans and the gettysburg battlefield was the scene of a protest just last week .so here s where our awesome president just donated his first months salary:president trump just donated the first few months of his white house salary to antietam national battlefield
 hillary supporter inspired by democrat leaders
"the hosts of  new day  dug a deeper hole for cnn on wednesday when they said that the network would not identify the reddit user behind the viral video of president trump wrestling a man with cnn s logo imposed over his face because he apologized. cnn had previously written that it had decided not to publicly identify the man because he was a private citizen who showed remorse
"who could forget the  obamaphone lady  from cleveland
"cnn reported that they declined to expose a private citizen who made the wwe video of president trump wrestling with a cnn logo if  the guy promises not to do it again: cnn reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change.  this is blackmail right?#fraudnewscnn #fnn pic.twitter.com/wyunhjjujg  donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) july 2
 concerts and a military picnic [video]"
"president trump and first lady melania trump are attending the military families picnic today in support of our us military families and the brave men and women who serve. pres trump welcomed a very special guest: 1st lt michael pence
"former navy seal and gop rep. scott taylor
"mike huckabee appeared on fox s hannity show where kimberly guilfoyle was filling in for host sean hannity. guilfoyle congratulated the former governor mike huckabee s daughter deputy press secretary sarah huckabee sanders for her handling of the hypocritical press. guilfoyle talked about the media and how they attacked president trump for retweeting a hilarious video made to look like he was body-slamming cnn
"alisyn camerota sparred with rep. scott taylor (r-va) over president donald trump s weekend tweet of a video in which he beats vince mcmahon with a cnn graphic superimposed on the wwe commissioner s face.notice how camerota just keeps on going even though taylor shuts her down with so much truth! he s awesome! camerota is a political hack who has one agenda she only wants to make president trump look bad. in interview after interview
 millennials and ‘black lives matter’ morons decided to celebrate the 4th of july?"
"filmmaker dinesh d souza s eight things i love about america!  to make us love our country
"in february
"douglas murray
" are there any trump donors on the team? great question by tom fitton! judicial watch president tom fitton joined fox news to explain mueller s latest hire of andrew goldstein
"new jersey governor chris christie is catching heat on twitter after he spent sunday soaking up the sun with his family on a state beach that was closed to the public. the outrage was caused when the state legislators couldn t agree on a budget so they closed down 11 miles of state beaches to the general public during 4th of july weekend but the rules apparently don t apply to christy!christie hosted a private beach party! he was caught lounging at the beach with his entourage which catapulted the hashtag #chrischristie to the top of twitter trends on sunday night into monday morning photoshop gold! when you re chris christie in your last term dgaf when you re #chrischristie
"a disturbing video published by the washington post on june 29 shows a group of brainwashed students singing twitter posts by president donald trump attempting to mock him. a group of about twelve children
"former president barack obama seems to be feeling nostalgic for his old job
"cnn s ana navarro becomes totally unhinged in an attack on president trump and one of his advisers. her on-air tirade is so unhinged that the co-hosts just sit there in shock. the irony is that she speaks in hateful terms of trump while claiming he s going to cause someone to harm the news media. that s pretty funny since she said nothing when a play depicting trump being assassinated was all over the news and that kathy griffin  beheaded trump too! this woman is supposed to be a  republican strategist ???cry me a river  cnn is not the victim and a meme is not inciting violence. the left can t handle being called out! pic.twitter.com/3eswmqrqxd  corryn   (@corrynmb) july 2
"liberals have been telling american citizens for decades that  illegal aliens are doing the low-wage jobs americans won t do. is that really true?how much do those illegal aliens standing on various street corners make per hour
"abc political hack martha raddatz tried to bait homeland security adviser thomas bossert when she played the cnn wwe video and commented that it  seems like a threat . bossert didn t take the bait but praised president trump for standing up to the media. great job!new: homeland security adviser thomas bossert on trump s cnn tweet:  no one would perceive that as a threat. i hope they don t.  #thisweek pic.twitter.com/bfrwwt7bum  this week (@thisweekabc) july 2
 not ours! [video]"
"meanwhile
"nbc s chuck todd was no match for the astute hhs sec tom price in an interview today on the healthcare bill. todd tried to get price to badmouth trump at the 6:45 point not gonna happen! & human services secretary tom price joined nbc s chuck todd today to discuss healthcare but todd tried to get price to bad-mouth the president.chuck todd started out being combative on the healthcare bill and then moved on to bashing president trump.chuck todd goes there:  let me ask you about the tone of the president s tweets. many republicans in the senate condemned the personal attack on mika brzezinski and attacking on her looks. you have lindsey graham saying it was  beneath the office.  ben sasse
"president trump on sunday tweeted a video of him body-slamming world wrestling entertainment chairman vince mcmahon whose face was replaced by the cnn logo.the tweet
"obama urged indonesians on saturday to resist divisive politics based on race and religion it was really just another swipe at trump. he s done this fear mongering over and over before (see video below from 2016) and he s doing it again by taking a veiled swipe at president trump during his visit to indonesia: *fyi-he gave the same bs speech on 9/11
 harry!” crowd yells military hero’s name during president trump’s incredible speech to veterans [video]"
"neil cavuto faced off with congresswoman sheila jackson lee over her call for president trump to resign after his tweets attacking mika brzezinski and joe scarborough: enough is enough! @realdonaldtrump you need to resign!  this woman is just hateful! she claims to know trump is  unhappy gmafb! woman is a perfect example of the swamp in dc. she needs to go! she s mooched off of the american people for way too long and is a hateful racist!she says in the video above that she s gone through impeachments before
"as a college student
"emilie hoffer is mika brzezinski s daughter! she s on instagram so when you check out her photos there
"last year
"the most corrupt attorney general in the history of the united states is allegedly thinking of throwing his hat into the ring as a democrat contender in the 2020 presidential race. what better way to invigorate crooked democrats than to call on the very people who had his back at the doj to keep attacking president trump?former attorney general eric holder spoke in los angeles last week to promote a bill that some observers say would make california a  sanctuary state
"immigration advocate roberto hernandez joined tucker carlson to debate the controversial payout of $190k to an illegal for being turned over to ice. you won t believe the reasoning! this is insane!an illegal immigrant is set to be awarded $190
"tamara holder was a guest on joy reid s msnbc show this morning and mocked the women in president trump s life. ironically
"fox news legal expert gregg jarrett dropped a bomb on susan rice when he said she likely committed three crimes. jarrett was on with sara carter of circa news when he made the claim of criminal behavior by rice.gregg jarrett: susan rice
"rcp   in just a few minutes on thursday s edition of  hardball  on msnbc
"pro trump chicagoans decided to hit back after the city used taxpayer dollars to put a sculpture that says  real fake  in front of trump tower. they added a little cnn to it .@cnn is so fake that chicagoans are leaving the cnn logo on the #realfake sculpture meant to attack trump! #backfire cc rebelpundit pic.twitter.com/uuufnh0qwo  andrew marcus (@imandrewmarcus) june 30
"with all the anger and nasty comments coming from mika and joe of msnbc
"nancy pelosi had another strange moment during her weekly press conference as she was confused about what time of day it was
"conservative talk show host mark levin shredded joe scarborough and the media in defense of president trump as he pointed out that respect is a two-way street.levin
"president donald trump and south korea s president moon jae-in held a press conference earlier today and it got waaay out of control complete with a hot mic moment the press is so disrespectful! a hot mic at msnbc picked up this comment:  this shit is nuts   that guy was assaulting me  a lamp was almost knocked over (see video below) mob of media rushed like crazy people into the oval office! you can hear people saying  easy fellas go easy  as the press and photographers all jockeyed for position.as the media frenzy continued
 ignorant
"the windy city is under fire for turning public art into a political message using taxpayer dollars! the broke city of chicago installed a golden sculpture that spells out  real fake  right smack in front of trump international hotel and tower in the city s downtown area. so the city spent money they don t have to slam president trump? no wonder people are leaving the city in droves filmmaker @imandrewmarcus (me) reacts to #realfake sculpture that #realbroke chicago paid to install outside trump tower. #realdumb pic.twitter.com/2ap792wxf0  andrew marcus (@imandrewmarcus) june 30
"the justice department on thursday dropped the legal challenge to the the washington redskins  name
"project veritas  newest video from the american pravda: cnn series exposes jimmy carr
"only a liberal  man  who works for a magazine that made a fortune by exploiting women would complain that president trump s female deputy press secretary isn t giving him enough respect. yesterday a 56-year-old reporter representing playboy magazine had an epic meltdown in the white house press briefing room after white house deputy press secretary sarah huckabee-sanders put him in his place following the release of an undercover bombshell video by project veritas that exposed cnn as a network that fabricates news for ratings.brian karem complained about journalists being called out as  fake news  when they report falsehoods
 as stupid as we think they are’ [video]"
"john podesta is the guardian of the clintons just like valerie jarrett was for the obamas.  he was instrumental during the 2016 election as the clinton campaign chair and was exposed when the wikileaks hack happened. he was just interviewed by the house intel committee regarding the russia scam and was asked about it in the heated debate below: podesta is not just the former chairman of the hillary clinton s presidential campaign
"based stickman
john roberts was first to question the tweets from president trump   great job by sarah huckabee sanders. she was able to defend why president trump is  hitting back  at msnbc: hemmer had a milder conversation with sanders: president trump fights fire with fire    sarah huckabee sanders have certainly changed since the campaign season when mika and joe were a little friendlier to trump. that was then and things have gotten worse than ever now. trump is attacked every day with disgusting words that would be shocking if it had been done to president obama. can you imagine? trump is attacked for just about everything and the one time he hits back he s attacked even more.women are also outraged that he s attacked mika but mika has been dishing it out every day and obviously can t take it. does she want equality with men or not? trump will hit back no matter the sex. he s a fighter.we d love to know what you think about the latest tweet from president trump. did he go too far or are you happy he finally hit back at joe and mika of msnbc?here s what trump said in case you missed it:
"some day
"well
"the washington post published a propaganda organizing piece for the democrat party: democrats  resistance  calls for a july 4th recess push to kill gop billfrom the article: the moment that senate majority leader mitch mcconnell (r-ky.) told republicans that there could be no vote on the party s health-care bill this week
"tucker carlson is spot on in his commentary regarding cnn s coverage of the russia scam. it gets even better when mark steyn joins tucker to comment on the idiocy of cnn s reporting on a  nothing burger .the metaphors are many elmo
"deputy assistant to the president sebastian gorka warned syrian president bashar assad after evidence arose earlier this week that the assad regime could be planning another chemical weapons attack on its people. gorka says
 gender bias card on why she’s being ‘picked on’ about ‘unmasking’ of trump associates"
"fox news channel (fnc) has signed soon-to-be former congressman jason chaffetz (r-ut) to a contributor role.he will offer political analysis across fnc and fox business network s (fbn) daytime and primetime programming
"acting fbi director andrew mccabe is being investigated by the office of u.s. counsel violating the hatch act according to a new report by circa news.the hatch act prohibits fbi agents from campaigning in partisan races. photos of mccabe campaigning for his wife raised questions about mccabe s compliance with the law.acting fbi director andrew mccabe is being investigated by the office of u.s. special counsel for violating the hatch act that prohibits fbi agents from campaigning in partisan races.the office of u.s. special counsel
"only two weeks after u.s. congressman steve scalise and four others were shot during a baseball practice in a washington suburb by a man with a history of lashing out at republicans
"democratic senator claire mccaskill
 not trump
"a screaming white house reporter stood up and ranted at sarah huckabee sanders after she called out  fake news  in the media.  the reporter raised his voice and told the deputy press secretary that she was making  inflammatory  comments about the press can you believe that? he s got nerve!earlier in the press conference
"president donald trump welcomed india s prime minister narendra modi to the white house monday for their first meeting
"white house deputy press secretary sarah huckabee-sanders was the perfect choice to take on the media today following the release of a bombshell video by project veritas showing an undercover reporter capturing cnn s supervising producer admitting that most of the  news  they put out about the trump-russia collusion is  bullish*t! early this morning
"the obnoxious anti-trump hallie jackson of nbc is constantly trying to play  gotcha  with sean spicer on policy issues related to president trump. normally
"a 70-year tradition at east liverpool high school was removed from the graduation ceremony
"james o keefe s project veritas reporters went undercover at cnn to investigate the #veryfakenews network to determine the motivation behind cnn s trump-russia collusion obsession. since the inauguration
"tennessee lawmakers have something to say to their counterparts in california and it s perfect! we could love this more tennessee hits back at the loony state that banned all state travel to places that they think don t have the right policy in place. the response is epic: whereas
"james o keefe s project veritas reporters went undercover at cnn to investigate the #veryfakenews network to determine the motivation behind cnn s trump-russia collusion obsession. since the inauguration
"writing on twitter sunday
"cnn employees have resigned for their role in pushing fake news about the trump-russia story that claimed a member of the trump transition team was under investigation.reporter thomas frank
 while party girl malia obama’s escapades were “off-limits”"
"nancy pelosi said in an interview with joy reid that after she met president trump she  prayed for america she giggled nervously. this is the usual pelosi act where she giggles and then says something so bitter and mean that you just can t believe it.we have quite a collection of pelosi-isms   keep it up nancy!nancy can t call trump her president giggle
 wife of felon caught on tape bragging about inciting violence at trump rallies
"make america work again! white house counselor kellyanne conway says people on medicaid who will lose coverage under the republican plan to repeal obamacare could find jobs that provide health insurance.when the affordable care act expanded medicaid coverage
"this is gonna be a tough pill for the left to swallow after working so hard to stack the courts in a victory for the trump administration
"never mind that the trump s had a previous engagement it s just a great excuse for the left to justify their false claims that our president is an  islamaphobe president trump broke with 20 years of white house tradition by opting not to host a dinner to mark the end of ramadan
"a woman let it all hang out when she ranted like crazy at congresswoman maxine waters during a protest. everything this wonderful woman said is so true! the black community has been hurt by illegal immigration and waters is a hateful racist. all true! we reported on this protest in congresswoman water s district in california (see videos below)black trump supporter goes absolutely nuclear on maxine waters
"this is great! trump supporters did everything right but ironically were turned away at a maxine waters town hall because they don t live in her district well
"judge jeanine nailed it tonight describing the unhinged left. she is so right to say the left is a danger to us all. she is especially worried for our president and other leaders in dc. she s so right!pirro said:  we are now in a danger zone of complete hatred and chaos unlike anything we ve witnessed in american history. the normalization of calling for the assassination
"the music icon spoke at the north minneapolis conference on peace on saturday.stevie wonder spoke out about black lives matter and youth gun violence at the north minneapolis conference on peace on saturday. it is in your hands to stop all of the killing and the shooting wherever it might be
"sen. bernie sanders (i-vt) and his wife
 russia’ [video]"
 i wish he was f*cking dead…” [audio]"
"a top republican took to the senate floor thursday to blame fired fbi director james b. comey for fanning  conspiracy theories  about the u.s. election that  played right into russia s hands. sen. chuck grassley
"it s about time the senate judiciary committee opened a probe into former attorney general loretta lynch s efforts to shape the fbi s investigation into the 2016 democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton! the committee s chairman announced the bipartisan probe on friday:the committee sent a letter to lynch asking her to tell in detail everything about her involvement in the fbi s investigation. they want to know whether she ever assured clinton confidantes that the probe wouldn t  push too deeply into the matter.  this could get really good if they can get lynch to squeal.this is a bipartisan effort:senator feinstein called for an investigation in early june: how shocking is it that liberal senator diane feinstein is calling for a closer look at the possible collusion between lynch and comey:dianne feinstein calls on congress to investigate whether loretta lynch pressured comey to cover for hillary clinton s campaign.#comeygate pic.twitter.com/amwqoqsme0  josh caplan (@joshdcaplan) june 11
"a black woman went into a fit of rage after she spotted a confederate battle flag on a car at a local festival. ybia anderson posted a video of herself confronting a man who brought his  dukes of hazzard  inspired  general lee  car to the highland creek heritage festival. here s what she said on her facebook page:  at this racist-ass highland creek heritage festival where a car featuring two confederate flags is being celebrated. this wannabe hillbilly is trying to  educate  me on the civil war!!! guess he doesn t realize his side lost!!!  the video is sideways but you ll get the point: anderson shrieked:  this racist car has not one
"apparently actor johnny depp didn t learn anything from the not-funny  comedian  kathy griffin s career-ending attempt at  humor  when she made a gruesome video using a decapitated and bloodied head of  president trump.  introducing his 2004 film the libertine
"trey gowdy is ticked!  about eight hours ago
"americans are sick and tired of being lied to by the media. this awesome patriot and business owner is making sure abc gets the message!san antonio   a boerne man is making his voice heard loud and clear by renouncing abc news and recent news coverage of president donald trump with a large billboard at i-10 and buckskin drive.it reads: abc news: i grew up with you. we are through. the russians didn t elect donald trump. i did. the billboard was paid for by kyle courtney
"introducing his 2004 film the libertine
"a nervous nancy pelosi responded thursday to criticism from democratic colleagues asking her to step down from her leadership post and president donald trump s subsequent tweet mocking her for helping republicans politically.some republican members have said that it would be good for their party if pelosi remains the top democrat in the house. these remarks followed heavy criticism from democratic lawmakers of pelosi s leadership following tuesday s special election losses in georgia and south carolina.many within the democratic party are calling for new leadership in other words
"tucker carlson and jesse waters both went to trinity college who knew! carlson discussed the downfall of his college from a good college to a leftist indoctrination center unreal! please see our latest report on the professor who said  let them f*cking die the professor who s been a trinity for 20 years spewing hate speech  a connecticut college professor has created a firestorm for calling white people  inhuman a-holes  who need to  die  following last week s shooting attack on congressional republicans. professor johnny eric williams is a sociology professor! who wants to send their child to trinity college at $61
"rep. debbie wasserman schultz dropped a big bomb during an interview on cnn today. she claimed that jeh johnson s  testimony about the dnc computer hack is  wrong in every respect  and  utterly misinformed.  whoa! who s telling the truth?schultz told the cnn anchor  he s wrong in every respect. let me be very clear. at no point during my tenure at the dnc was i contacted by the fbi
"this is hysterical! senator chuck schumer can t even get a stunt right! he held a press conference to bash the senate s healthcare bill and tried to pull a childish stunt. he had someone place a sign with the word  mean  on it and then took out a sharpie and added the letters  e-r . the only problem is that you couldn t see the added letters at all! he had to go back and try to fill it in still couldn t see it! priceless! .@senschumer adds letters ""e-r"" to poster board next to him. ""the senate version of #trumpcare is even meaner than the house bill."" pic.twitter.com/u7r7l1skyr  cspan (@cspan) june 22
"president trump came out today and said he doesn t have tapes of former fbi director james comey but that the possibility of someone else taping the conversation is there. the lefty media went nuts and claimed that trump lied. the political analyst on msnbc even compared president trump to a suicide bomber. oh
"rep. trey gowdy was full of sarcasm (rightfully so) during comments about why the dnc didn t turn over its hacked computer server to authorities. the puzzling thing that raised red flags is that the organization said it never received federal assistance causing people to question whether the dnc had something it  didn t want law enforcement to see. congressman gowdy spoke with fox news  martha maccallum about why the dnc did not turn over its server to the dhs or fbi officials who could have helped to prevent future hackings:the dnc was hacked during the 2016 election and  emails were published by wikileaks. jkeh johnson
"cnn s chris cuomo freaked out at president donald trump s comment during a speech in iowa that he didn t want  a poor person  in economic cabinet positions. he said he couldn t believe trump supporters would applaud this comment. chris cuomo s faux outrage is hysterical!cuomo called the audience  apparently blue collar how does he know this audience isn t full of people from all backgrounds?cuomo commented:  i guess
"msnbc s chris matthews definitely didn t get a tingle up his leg when it came to democrat jon ossoff. turns out he s confused over what ossoff was  selling  matthews said about ossoff: i don t know what the hell he was selling. he wasn t selling much. ossoff lost a race that was the most expensive house election ever to republican karen handel on tuesday night in a race democrats hoped to turn blue as a sign of national discontent with president donald trump. outside donors from liberal states like california
"a connecticut college professor has created a firestorm for calling white people  inhuman a-holes  who need to  die  following last week s shooting attack on congressional republicans. professor johnny eric williams is a sociology professor! who wants to send their child to trinity college at $61
"sometimes all you can do is surrender to twitter.florida sen. marco rubio probably started out his day tuesday thinking about paid family leave
"rachel maddow is hysterical in the video below   she claims that democrats didn t vote because it rained. so does it just rain on democrats and not republicans?maddow has a history of idiocy!karen handel won a hard fought race in georgia s 6th district:karen handel won a hard fought congressional seat in georgia s 6th district. the democrats poured 50 million dollars into jon ossoff s campaign making it the most expensive congressional race ever! handel spoke and thanked president trump the crowd went nuts and chanted trump
"cnn anchor don lemon got snarky during reporting on republican karen handel s win in georgia s 6th district. he made a claim that this is pretty much no big deal. that s funny the democrats spent 50 million dollars and went all in on this election but are now downplaying or making excuses for the loss. lemon should do his homework: donald trump won the 6th district by slim margins in the 2016 election. this was a huge win for republicans! said
 trump
 lying
"what in the world is wrong with these press people at the state department! is the guy asking the question really serious when he asks the most idiotic question about the timing of the announcements over the release and then death of otto warmbier. we wish we knew the name of the jackhole reporter who asked the question! listen to this condescending jerk:the state department did release a statement when warmbier was released and when he passed away. so the question is just the nasty press being nasty.upon his release   press statement:press statement rex w. tillerson secretary of state washington
"hello megyn kelly! time for a little karma! word on the street is that megyn kelly will not be  welcomed back  at fox news even if she comes crawling back from nbc.she s had a rocky start at nbc with her putin interview and now with the much-hyped alex jones interview. you d think the controversy surrounding her contentious interview with jones would pump up the ratings but it didn t. perhaps it s because she s become so unlikeable on camera with her snarky questioning and cold as ice demeanor.even if she comes calling at fox
"president trump was lambasted by democrats and their allies in the media when he suggested that up to 3 million illegal aliens likely voted in the 2016 elections.fake fact checker snopes was quick to discredit his claim without any evidence. they even went as far as to say that cases of voter fraud were extremely rare:fake fact checker politifact gave president trump s claim of voter fraud a  pants on fire  rating:fox and friends host ainsley earhardt delivered the disturbing news to viewers this morning that an independent group has claimed up to 5.7 million illegal aliens voted in the 2008 election that gave us president barack hussein obama:as many as 5.7 million illegal immigrants might have voted in the 2008 election
"democrat jon ossoff said tuesday that he believes voters in georgia s sixth congressional district do not care that he does not live in the district he is running to represent
"ford will export the next-generation focus compact car from china to north america in 2019
"judicial watch today announced that the national security council (nsc) on may 23
"tucker carlson debated a new jersey democratic operative who tweeted an insensitive message after the shooting of rep. steve scalise (r-la.). we are in a war with selfish
"last week
"watch jim acosta wave his hands around and have a temper tantrum on air:  the white house press secretary is getting to a point
"we are so sad to report that otto warmbier has died. the university of cincinnati medical center announced monday that warmbier
"former nh governor john sununu let alison camarata have it when she asked about the russia investigation and robert mueller. sununu said that trump should have been notified if he was under investigation and then he slammed mueller for hiring all dems.camerota:  should the white house know if the president is being investigated for obstruction of justice? sununu:  if the president is being investigated for obstruction of justice
"the mosque in finsbury park
"wheel of fortune caved to the left and apologized for using what appeared to be  slaves  in a photo on the show on thursday:  we regret the use of this background image
"the ceo of outdoor clothing giant patagonia is burnishing her anti-republican bona fides again
"liberal hack mika brzezinski made a ridiculous claim today that there are no  real men  in the white house who can stand up to president donald trump. yes
"millions and millions of dollars from outside the state of georgia have made their way to the campaign of democrat challenger jon ossoff. the georgia election has become a referendum on president trump and could mean a symbolic gotcha moment for democrats. this is a big deal for both parties! this is kind of like a crown jewel of the republican party right now   holding on to this thing.    chris cox
"awesome! two protesters crashed the  trump assassination  play tonight yelling  goebbels would be proud!  and  liberal hate kills!  this is the second night protesters have jumped on stage at the shakespeare in the park production of julius caesar where a modern twist shows a president trump look-a-like assassinated. lovely
"a revenge attack in london is the scene again of terror but this time it took place in the muslim community. at 12:15 am at seven sister road in finsbury park
"president donald j. trump proclaims june 18
 i deal with fact and law” [video]"
"talk about projecting! on fareed zakaria s cnn show
 watching democrats ‘railroad their president’…only one republican is defending trump [video]"
"did president trump visit camp david this father s day weekend to give his secret service detail the weekend off? former president george bush was known to do the same at christmas. we know president trump isn t a huge fan of camp david calling it  rustic  earlier this year. the first family waved  to photographers as they left the white house. president trump looked dapper in a navy suit while melania wore a $1
000 muslims allegedly registered to “march against terror”…actual number is much less
"joy reid is known for her racist slant on the news. she s one bitter and angry woman we ve reported on numerous times for her over-the-top rhetoric. this latest rant is surprising even for reid. she goes after critically injured congressman steve scalise with the aide of a naacp board member. steve scalise cannot defend himself right now the left has no shame!reid:  there s a whole country out there and a lot of people
"debbie dooley and a crowd of great patriots marched in front of the cnn headquarters in atlanta today in a show of support for president trump and in protest against cnn s fake news. who isn t proud of these people literally walking the walk to voice their opposition to the constant drip
"the only two black jurors in the philando castile case were in favor of acquitting the cop responsible for his death
"do you see it? right below the word  birthday  you ll see a tiny spot. people really need something to do because social media has been on fire with questions about what the small mark means as if it has any meaning at all!  pic.twitter.com/tkgtma4ynn  melania trump (@flotus) june 15
"so much for putting a stop to the poisonous debate in washington. the effort to try and mend fences came to a screeching halt when during president trump s  unity speech  to the baseball crowd congressional staffers jeered and booed. the staffers even exhibited  vulgar gesticulations  at president trump.the message of unity was lost on these clowns:washington times reported:mr. trump delivered a message of unity
 laughing
"laura loomer of rebel media rushed the stage at the controversial nyc shakespeare in the park performance that takes a modern twist on julius caesar by playing out an assassination of a president trump look-alike. loomer yelled  stop leftist violence  before she was escorted off stage.we re huge fans and hope more people will follow her lead. can you imagine if the tables were turned and they performed the same play using obama as the one to be assassinated? the double standard here is unbelievable! you have the blood of steve scalise on your hands! the interesting irony is that the liberal crowd screamed and yelled at her. the left loves civil disobedience -except when it spoils their enjoyment of highbrow assassination porn. do they advocate for violence against our president?they literally have antifa chants during julius caesar before trump gets assassinated pic.twitter.com/6abhochsnc  jack posobiec   (@jackposobiec) june 17
"the inspiration behind the  black lives matter  movement   the individual cited by its founder and regularly quoted by its supporters   is a convicted cop killer who is on the fbi s  most wanted terrorists  list.in an article which details the philosophical foundation of  black lives matter 
"cnn political hack alison camarota wants to nail president trump but former independent counsel ken starr says he sees  no obstruction . starr goes on to say that it s a very hard case to make. camarota comes back and tries to make the  hope  comment by trump to be an admission of guilt starr isn t buying it:she really
"the deranged shooter who tried to kill republican congressmen practicing at a baseball field in alexandria
 author mike chernovich calls on americans to join him in disrupting trump assassination play in central park"
"president trump s remarks today in miami include a total change from the obama policy another campaign promise fulfilled:  i am canceling the last administration s completely one-sided deal with cuba. we will not lift sanctions on the cuban regime until all political prisoners are free we will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer
 chair of black caucus
 one who was working overtime to care for sick wife
"we just reported on the virginia shooter s message to karen handel (see below) and now this. is anyone going to want to be a candidate for anything if this threatening behavior continues? the left has gotten so dangerous in their rhetoric and their violence. whoever did this should be punished to the max to set an example for other leftists.georgia republican karen handel s neighborhood has been blocked off after reports that letters containing a white powdery substance and calling handel a  dirty fascist  were left at homes of her neighbors.police officers have been going from mailbox to mailbox after finding the  suspicious package
 i’ve never recorded another journalist
 usa flags…help police find him"
"shortly after 7 a.m. on wednesday
"another consequence of weak leadership nyp the father of the american who was recently sent home from north korea praised the trump administration on thursday after his son was released and said the obama administration s  results speak for themselves. fred warmbier spoke to the media about his son otto s comatose state and imprisonment by the north korean regime.after thanking sen. rob portman (r.
 who’s still alive in hospital [video]"
"well
"mark steyn was on fire last night! if you were lucky enough to hear his brilliant take on the left
"chris matthews tried his best to create sympathy for the loser who shot random republicans. can you believe it? msnbc host chris matthews got political in his defense of alexandria shooter james t. hodgkinson:  we don t know what sadness was in this guy s life 
"trump-hating
"what a class act! the president and first lady visited rep. steve scalise in the hospital last night:president #trump and first lady melania visit rep. steve scalise in the hospital and bring him flowers  pic.twitter.com/sskor0rm1l  john binder   (@jxhnbinder) june 15
"today s act of terror against a gop congressional baseball team by a bernie sanders supporter was about as ugly and hateful as anyone could imagine. but no one should be surprised by this violent act
 bleed
" we should not allow our political differences to escalate to violent attacks. we must all refuse to allow the politics of our country to be defined in this way
"noah nathan was with his two dogs in an adjacent dog park when shots rang out this morning at an alexandria
"virginia governor terry mcauliffe decided to get political today when he spoke out during the presser for the virginia shooting of congressman steve scalise. leave it to a political hack like mcauliffe to bring gun control into the discussion:  there are too many guns on the street. we lose 93 million americans a day to gun violence. confusion: va gov. terry mcauliffe:  there are too many guns on the street. we lose 93 million americans a day to gun violence.  pic.twitter.com/36eupl4jsb  josh caplan (@joshdcaplan) june 14
"the shooter at the congressional baseball practice has been identified. his name is james hodgkinson the 66-year old white male from illinois is a bernie sanders supporter. his facebook and twitter accounts are full of anti-trump/pro-bernie sanders posts and pictures:update: president trump just announced that hodgkinson has died from his injuries. his facebook page and twitter have been inundated with angry conservatives who are so sick of the vile and hateful rhetoric from the left. he s a huge leftist who clearly hastes president trump calling him a  traitor  on facebook:this man clearly represents trump derangement syndrome the left is still so angry that trump was elected. it s sick and twisted!from the shooter s facebook page:we just reported last weekend on protests across the country that got violent and even saw antifa attacking a police horse with a weapon:a  female  antifa member was arrested after using a flag pole w/ a silver nail at the end to stab a police horse in the neck during a riot. pic.twitter.com/ybmthryudn  /pol/ news forever (@polnewsforever) june 12
"our full report on the horrible shooting of rep. steve scalise is below these hate-filled comments from the left. we wanted you to see that the left wasted no time in continuing the rhetoric:soon after congressman steve scalise was shot by a crazed shooter
 two police officers shot in “deliberate attack”…cops prevented “massacre” [video]"
"remember when the first question reporters asked players after winning a national championship went something like this:   now that you ve reached the pinnacle of your career
"german social democrat leader martin schulz said that
"we love his style! secretary of state rex tillerson slammed a comment from former vice president joe biden about how budgets reflect priorities:  don t tell me what you value; show me your budget and i ll tell you what you value
 as the view hacks tried to prove president trump’s a “liar” [video]"
 daniel silva
"hakeem jeffries just exposed his trump derangement on the house floor. his hate for president trump is so offensive and inappropriate. he s the definition of a jacka$$:  we re wondering why were so many people who worship at the altar of white supremacy drawn to donald trump s campaign? racist and wrong of this man who says trump voters are  dripping in hatred unreal!during a speech on the house floor on monday
"full opening statement of attorney general sessions  statement: it was a very strong and passionate statement from a determined sessions.full transcript:thank you chairman burr and ranking member warner for allowing me to publicly appear before the committee today.i appreciate the committee s critically important efforts to investigate russian interference with our democratic process. such interference can never be tolerated and i encourage every effort to get to the bottom of any such allegations.as you know
"live feed of ag sessions testifying now are below video of opening statement he s on fire! his opening statement refutes any and all claims he did anything wrong!full opening statement:live feed of testimony   full transcript of opening statement below live feedthank you chairman burr and ranking member warner for allowing me to publicly appear before the committee today.i appreciate the committee s critically important efforts to investigate russian interference with our democratic process. such interference can never be tolerated and i encourage every effort to get to the bottom of any such allegations.as you know
"cnn cut away from a senate judiciary committee hearing this morning seconds after sen. lindsey graham (r-sc) raised concerns that special counsel robert mueller had hired a former clinton foundation attorney to assist with the probe into alleged russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. graham was questioning deputy attorney general rod rosenstein: we found the video exchange cnn censored:democrats have been accusing trump of colluding with russia but no evidence has been found!reports have emerged that mueller has hired four attorneys for his investigative team who had donated to hillary clinton in the past. one of the attorneys even represented the clinton foundation in its effort to block freedom of information act requests for e-mails on clinton s private server! no
"22-yr old american otto warmbier was arrested and imprisoned during barack obama s last term in office. he was released  at the direction  of president trump. although former president barack obama was unable to secure her release
"former ag mukasey went there during two morning show appearances today. he told bill hemmer he sees no crime in the russia probe then told maria bartiromo of fox business (video below) that obama may be guilty of obstruction in the investigation into hillary s email: president obama s statement that he thought she shouldn t be charged because she didn t intend to violate the law is the real clinton obstruction because that is a statement by him that this is the way i want that investigation to come out a take on the matter
 barack
"newt gingrich is dead on with his commentary on comey and leaking. comey created mueller! the bigger problem is that now mueller has hired four lawyers who are all clinton donors! holy smokes! do you think this is a set up or should president trump follow through with the investigation?.@newtgingrich knocks it outta the park!  comey helped create mueller
 anti-trump remarks are released"
"will austria s new mandates help to save their nation or is it already too late? have they already allowed political correctness to destroy their once unique culture and identity and replace it with radical islam?muslim students
"the annual la pride parade and resist march was held on sunday. bonkers rep. maxine waters led the crowd in a chant to  impeach 45 .  at the end of her hateful rant she yelled out  stay woke!  this is the definition of undignified and unprofessional!notice how adam schiff stands in approval next to waters. mind you
"senator john mccain took another swipe at president trump.  he claimed that american leadership was stronger under obama. the senator has been attacking trump non-stop making people wonder what in the world is wrong with him. president trump has only been in office 5 months!the hill had this to say about mccain s feelings on trump s leadership:sen. john mccain (r-ariz.) said american leadership was stronger under president trump s predecessor
"anti-trumper and faux conservative jedediah bila rarely takes a position on anything that may be in contrast to her fellow leftist hosts. in fact
"social media lit up like crazy when melania and barron trump arrived on air force one to move into the white house. why did the media ignore the obama girls
"   delta air lines and bank of america became the first companies to announce they are pulling their sponsorships of a manhattan-based theater company s portrayal of julius caesar as a donald trump look-alike in a business suit who gets stabbed to death on stage.delta and bank of america both announced their intentions on sunday. no matter what your political stance may be
"how shocking is it that liberal senator diane feinstein is calling for a closer look at the possible collusion between lynch and comey:dianne feinstein calls on congress to investigate whether loretta lynch pressured comey to cover for hillary clinton s campaign.#comeygate pic.twitter.com/amwqoqsme0  josh caplan (@joshdcaplan) june 11
"president trump made a surprise appearance at a wedding at trump national golf club in bedminster
" so much winning!  were  going to be winning so much
"protesters affiliated with the group no justice
"bernie sanders decided to go after the religion of a nominee for deputy director of the office of management and budget this was a vicious attack on russell vought who has strong christian beliefs that have absolutely nothing to do with what he was being questioned about. religious beliefs aren t budgetary concerns. this was a personal attack on a devoutly religious man who had written an article years past defending his christian college.part of the exchange between sanders and vought:sanders is quoting from an article that vought wrote:  muslims do not simply have a deficient theology. they do not know god because they have rejected jesus christ
"did you know that over 15 thousand so-called muslim  refugees  have been admitted to the us since inauguration day?where did they go? 15
"the rules must not apply to caroline biden
"on june 10
"former fbi director james comey admitted to the senate intelligence committee on thursday that he asked a columbia professor friend to leak a memo he kept regarding his conversation with president trump to the press.the memo was leaked to one of the key players in the witch hunt for a russian connection with president trump russia
"john coleman
"president trump spoke in the rose garden today in a presser with romania s leader it got contentious when cnn s jonathan karl asked questions about the comey testimony it s a classic!trump knows how to throw down the hammer on people. it s awesome!jonathan karl recently had a run in with sara huckabee-sanders: abc s jonathan karl asked a very spunky sara huckabee-sanders (yes
"president trump on overregulation:  they spent $29 million for an environmental report weighing 70 lbs. and costing $24
"appearing on msnbc s  morning joe
"judge jeanine commented this morning on the fbi director s testimony yesterday and in true judge jeanine style she didn t hold back! why is he so comfortable with leaking? the answers were hogwash! judge jeanine is spot on in her assessment of comey:james comey comes across as someone who is so wily and so calculating  he gets to the point that he says
"president trump spoke via pre-recorded video to cole miners at the announcement of the opening of the first coal mine in 6 years. this is another campaign promise fulfilled!trump speaking via pre-recorded video to ceremony marking #coal mine opening in somerset county
"members of a congressional committee ripped obama and his attorney general for covering up an investigation into the death of border patrol agent brian terry. terry was killed as a result of a botched government gun-running project known as operation fast and furious:the house oversight committee also wednesday released a scathing
 strangles him to death"
"he may not have been president trump s biggest fan during the primary season
"a columbia university professor from brooklyn went into hiding thursday after pal james comey revealed during his senate testimony that the man leaked memos detailing the former fbi chief s conversations with president trump to the press.but richman had vanished from his henry street digs by midday
"hillary has a track record of being a big phony she s been caught on numerous occasions breaking out a fake southern accent. it s just too funny! here she is at the cuny graduation spewing bs and faking her accent:bitter hillary clinton giving commencement speech at cuny during #comeytestimony: ""i wish i was flying in from the white house!"" pic.twitter.com/9dsqvwgtq5  josh caplan (@joshdcaplan) june 8
"how sweet is this? chris matthews had to admit that there s no case in the witch hunt on trump. chris matthews talks about how the theory  came apart :  the assumption of the critics of the president
"president trump s lawyer marc kasowitz made a statement after the comey testimony and nailed the fact that comey lied under oath! this is a whopper: comey testified that he only leaked the memos in response to a tweet. the public record reveals that the new york times was quoting from those memos the day before the referenced tweet.:  contrary to numerous false press accounts leading up to today s hearing
"james comey testified this morning that loretta lynch told his to refer to the clinton email investigation as a  matter  and not an investigation:james comey reveals ag lynch had asked him to refer to clinton email probe as a  matter  rather than an  investigation  #comeyhearings pic.twitter.com/82yokpunff  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) june 8
 including time he used u.s. taxpayer money to defeat conservative israeli leader [video]"
"wow! not until people like brett hume tweeted out bashing cnn for their fake news did cnn finally retract a lie about trump.cnn has finally corrected a tuesday report after the release of former fbi director james comey s opening statement for his thursday testimony in front of the senate intelligence committee contradicted the reports  sources.the cnn report said comey was expected to dispute president trump s claims that comey said he was not under investigation on multiple occasions.the report
"texas democrat rep. al green announced on wednesday he would draw up articles of impeachment against president donald trump. this is the second time he s done this he s obviously got trump derangement syndrome!two delusional democrats can t let this go   trump derangement syndrome!now there are two: rep. brad sherman joins rep. al green in call to impeach trump  pic.twitter.com/bhxq7ldpuq  mediaite (@mediaite) june 7
"andrew mccarthy is just awesome! he goes through the reasons why there is nothing on trump at all. tucker carlson even says at the end of the interview that mccarthy should work in the white house i don t know a single person who works at the white house who can explain things the way you can.  have to love the common sense and brilliance of mccarthy. here s a great mccarthy piece from the national review:finally
"watch what happens when laura loomer asks chelsea clinton to sign a copy of her book
"eric holder was the king of extortion from big companies. he had it all figured out and was able to redistribute money from these  settlements  to the favorite radical group of the day. that this went on at our justice department is the height of hypocrisy.the justice department announced wednesday it will no longer allow prosecutors to strike settlement agreements with big companies directing them to make payouts to outside groups
"read former fbi director james comey s full statement below:statement for the record senate select committee on intelligence james b. comey june 8
"judge napolitano just took the fun out of the democrat s party tomorrow they have nothing! it s what we ve known but it s great to hear from napolitano who is a fair guy.  it doesn t appear as though these conversations that the president had with director comey could constitute the level of constitutional obstruction of justice necessary to commence any further proceedings like impeachment like democrats want to do.    judge napoltanoearlier today   intel directors spoke up on the fact that trump did nothing: the senate intel committee is holding an open hearing on the foreign intelligence surveillance act today and the intel directors are saying there is nothing to the claim that trump asked anyone to shut down an investigation: nsa director adm. mike rogers says he s  never been directed to do anything  he deems  illegal
"sen. richard burr (r.
"the senate intel committee is holding an open hearing on the foreign intelligence surveillance act today and the intel directors are saying there is nothing to the claim that trump asked anyone to shut down an investigation: nsa director adm. mike rogers says he s  never been directed to do anything  he deems  illegal
"take a look at @publictheaterny's first shakespeare in the park production of 2017
"according to video filmed by one of the protesters
"president trump has nominated christopher wray to be the new director of the fbi. the president announced the pick in a tweet wednesday:  i will be nominating christopher a. wray
 vulgar tirade [video]"
 angry blm activist tells tucker carlson it’s okay to have “blacks only” celebrations [video]"
"a highlands county woman could be charged with a felony after investigators say she allowed a toddler to be bitten by a small snake as a lesson
"rude
"this is awesome! london mayor sadiq khan was drilled by piers morgan on why khan isn t keeping tabs on the 400 plus known isis radicals living in london: where are they? where are they?how are we letting trained jihadis back into the uk without knowing where they are? sadiq khan grilled by susanna reid and piers morgan pic.twitter.com/g7ygwe5mkv  the telegraph (@telegraph) june 6
"food stamp use has miraculously gone down in several states! it s a miracle! in 13 alabama counties
"london s muslim mayor sadiq khan
"france s armed police officers were at least prepared to handle the terror attack after shooting the terrorist
 home raided
 refuse to perform funeral rights for islamic terrorists [video]"
"donald trump jr slammed kathy griffin for playing the victim after the huge backlash to her  beheading trump  photo. saying she deserves whatever she gets. to run and claim victimhood
"msnbc s lawrence o donnell was really reaching today when he claimed president trump s announcement monday that he won t assert executive privilege and thus allow former fbi director james comey s upcoming congressional testimony could be the decision that  destroyed his presidency. wishful thinking on o donnell s part as much as they media would like it to be damaging for comey to testify
"the traitor just arrested is a piece of work. she s a georgia contractor who is pro-bernie
"here is the interview that made kelly so unpopular with fox news fans
"msnbc host thomas roberts on sunday was speculating whether president donald trump was trying to cause a terrorist attack on american soil to score political points.roberts took offense to some of trump s tweets sent in the wake of saturday s london terrorist attack
 we love you!”"
"chris cuomo tries to argue with the brilliant sebastian gorka this is epic!the discussion began on the travel ban and devolved into cnn s rating and fake news cuomo begins:  i explain it by you wanting to go with the original model to make it easier to pass because you were mimicking what  obama did
"president trump and first lady melania trump attended the ford s theatre gala tonight. president trump vowed to protect america from terror:  we renew our resolve
"former vp al gore told abc s george stephanopoulos  weather reports are like the book of revelation from the bible. can you believe this grifter? you wonder if he really believes his lies!stephanopoulos asked gore about president trump s decision to withdraw from the paris climate accord. he asked if it was significant
"this is in-your-face taunting of our president and it s creepy. you have a radical hamas-loving muslim woman leading the prayer of a group of muslims who take over the street in front of trump tower. is this any way to endear yourself to people? how about making an actual effort at stopping the terrorism? that would be a great move!#45 will respect #ourny! he gives us intolerance
"a nonprofit legal watchdog claimed thursday that newly unearthed documents show hillary clinton sent and received more classified information on her private server than previously known
"listen:after creating a video that included a vile
 uk"
"reza aslan is a cnn host who is a muslim  religious scholar  who should be fired but probably won t be. he tweeted out a vile response to president trump s tweet from the drudge report. he also called our president a  man baby  who should be ignored . what kind of jackwagon disrespects our president like this?aslan first tweeted that he considers trump a  man baby  who should be ignored. this is after our president scooped nbc when he retweeted the drudge tweet that it was  feared  that another terror attack happened in london. nbc tweeted (see below) that they wouldn t retweet trumps tweet. ridiculous move by nbc that turned out to backfire on them.  the president is a man baby that must be ignored in times of crisis    cnn s  religious scholar  reza aslan  the next tweet from aslan is the one getting the most press because of its hate and vulgar language:  this piece of shit is not just an embarrassment to america and a stain on the presidency. he s an embarrassment to humankind.    cnn s  religious scholar  reza aslan does cnn condone this vile behavior from its hosts? we ll see if they do anything about this hateful man who is no journalist!more information on him reveals he s an iranian-born cnn employee from his personal websitereza aslan is an internationally renowned writer
" we are with you. god bless!    president trumpin the aftermath of another terror attack in london
 celebrating
"just another day in the holy month of ramadan london is the scene of carnage again with another terror attack. a van plowed into pedestrians on london bridge with reports of men jumping out of the van to stab random people. we re posting details as they come in from the uk. the muslim mayor of london is too busy criticizing president trump for taking measures to ensure the united states is not subjected to never-ending acts of terrorism to actually identify and work to solve the radical muslim issue that is exploding in the uk.meanwhile
"if clinton and lynch just talked about grandkids then why is this such a top secret transcript? this is troubling because it portends to what we ve known all along bill clinton was meeting with lynch to fight hillary s battle. they won t reveal it because it would implicate so many people in government are we right?a citizen researcher from florida is attempting to have the recording of the infamous bill clinton/loretta lynch tarmac tape released to the public
 lash out after liberals use sacred wtc site to make anti-trump statement"
"such a compassionate faith bring an 8-year old girl in for a clitorectomy and watch how quickly they sharpen the knives a pakistani sewer worker died thursday after doctors refused to treat him due to the fact he was  unclean. irfan masih
"ted nugent isn t having it! he s being compared to kathy griffin by the left and he s had enough of it!we will never forget the night before the election at the very last rally for candidate trump ted nugent was there and played his heart out!conservative rocker ted nugent
"on friday night s episode of hbo s real time
"venues in new jersey
"after president trump pulled out of the paris accord
"remember when people paid attention to arnold scwarzenegger s political opinions? me neither the irrelevant former california governor
"in 2016
"backlash against kathy griffin continues to grow with at least four venues announcing that they had canceled her performances after the comedian posed with a likeness of president donald trump s severed head.venues in new jersey
"during nancy pelosi s remarks regarding president trump s decision to pull out of the paris accord
"the outspoken liberal comedian posed for a photo shoot with controversial photographer tyler shields in which she was seen holding a bloodied mask of president trump.donald trump was quick to condemn her on twitter:tmz later reported that 11-year old barron trump actually saw the image of his bloodied and decapitated father while watching tv.tmz reports: barron trump was watching tv & saw @kathygriffin holding the severed head. he thought it was his dad. my heart is broken.  liz wheeler (@liz_wheeler) may 31
 intolerant students held college administrators hostage…and no one cared [video]"
"a ridiculous kathy griffin breaks down over the fall out from her controversial photo:  i don t think i will have a career after this. i m going to be honest
"keith ellison blurted out some words that meant nothing and was called out on it this is as rare on msnbc as finding a unicorn brzezinski: i mean she says it was bankrupt. she says it was totally disorganized. she says it was a complete mess. is that the case?kay: and they didn t give her anything.brzezinski: and they didn t give her anything. is that true?rep. ellison: let me tell you
"the word  nothing-burger  has been tossed around so much lately but it s best used in referring to what the paris accord would do to change the climate. it would do nearly nothing! if you heard president trump s speech yesterday then you know this was one of the huge points within his remarks. the cost/benefit was so out of line and so unfair for america! it s safe to say that how much the accord would change climate is a nothing burger but the total loss to america would be huge!here s a list from breitbart news of the things you can say goodbye to now that our awesome president has removed us from the paris accord:goodbye to  american last.  the paris agreement was basically an attempt to halt climate change on the honor system. its only legal requirements were for signatories to announce goals and report progress
"this is so good! rand paul knows his climate truth. jake tapper is totally embarrassed by the argument from paul who tells tapper and all liberals to knock off the hysteria on climate:  my goodness
"kathy griffin is now digging herself a deeper hole. she s hired a high profile attorney because she s now claiming to be the victim after she pulled a horrific stunt that shocked people on both sides of the aisle. the word is that griffin is saying the trump family bullied her! if you ever wondered how low victimhood can go this could be it. this woman did something that traumatized  the trump family but is now claiming she s the victim???lisa bloom s twitter feed is full of extreme left tweets and claims about barron trump that are outrageous! she s a total lefty who s in this for the same reason griffin is flailing around like she was just  bullied liberalism really is a mental disorder!proud to announce that i represent kathy griffin. we will be holding a press conference tomorrow morning. here s the details. pic.twitter.com/1fejpngzov  lisa bloom (@lisabloom) june 2
"commerce secretary wilbur ross is one smart man when it comes to making an economic argument against the paris accord. he appeared on neil cavuto right before president trump spoke and brilliantly discussed why we need to get out of this boondoggle that will drain america of trillions of dollars. we re so lucky he s our commerce secretary! he s apolitical and strictly looking at what s best for america financially.background on the awesome wilbur ross and steve mnuchin: i did this because i believed in him    steve mnuchinisn t that all you need to know about the private sector picks for commerce and treasury? steve mnuchin is stepping up because he wants to help donald trump make america great again. fantastic!billionaire investor wilbur ross was picked for commerce secretary. does he need a boss? no! he s also doing this for all the right reasons!these two men are brilliant picks and have said they will coordinate and work to bring america roaring back.  private sector nominees for these two positions couldn t be better! no more bureaucrats!they both want responsible tax cuts and want trade to be front and center hedge fund manager steve mnuchin said this morning that president-elect donald trump had selected him to lead treasury mnuchin told cnbc.mnuchin spent 17 years working at goldman sachs
"former secretary of state hillary clinton once requested to fly in a separate plane rather than share one with then-first lady michelle obama
 not paris” [video]"
"fox news is announcing that president trump believes the paris accord is a  bad deal  and wants to jeep his promise to put americans first. we say amen to that! this is another mess obama got us into that president trump has to get us out of! the statement from the president will be any moment:this is a global redistribution of wealth and will hurt americans!our past report on this accord: john kerry and al gore are jubilant that we ve struck a deal (sort of) to limit carbon emissions what a couple of jokesters these guys are. it s really embarrassing that all these important people came together to discuss the weather and not our most pressing topic of what to do about terrorism. this is what happens when you let the liberals rule unicorns and rainbows:john kerry told fellow negotiators
"stuart varney asked hillary friend and adviser doug schoen if hillary plans on running in 2020 the answer he gives only confirms what we ve all been saying about hillary clinton she is firmly planted in the corner of delusion. she is one woman who can t take the blame for her failures but behaves like a child angrily pointing fingers at everyone but herself. introspection isn t in her wheelhouse.she plans on running again even though she just hammered the democrat party! she just burned the bridge with all who could help her if she runs again!we hope schoen is correct in his belief that she is running it s great news for the republicans. it s like we have the geriatric wing of democrats with biden and clinton planning to run. didn t someone tell them the old guard is pass ?stuart varney: is she running again?doug schoen: oh yeah! even if it s only in her own mind
"nigel farage: i don t think it s worth getting angry about hillary. i just think she looks sad and pathetic. from now on
"children s author and father of two
"chaos broke out after legal americans and illegal aliens clashed at a town hall in california:the los angeles times put their spin on what happened to make it seem as though  trump supporters  were the trouble. they downplayed the antifa anarchist in attendance and other pro-illegal people. it just didn t fit their narrative one of the other issues not addressed in the la times article is that these town halls have reportedly been used to teach illegals how to escape deportation and how to  work the system :  anti-illegal protesters aka american tax payers have characterized it as teaching people who are in the country illegally how to avoid deportation and get federal benefits. federal benefits and rights? they have no rights and shouldn t be getting any federal benefits! notice how they call the illegal aliens  immigrants congressman holds town hall to  explain  (illegal) immigrants  rights:the majority of calls into rep. lou correa s orange county congressional office are about immigration worries and what the trump administration s enforcement policies mean for correa s many latino constituents. there s a lot of fear in my district.  he said.so the freshman democrat has held seven town halls
"hillary clinton continues on the path to complete and total denial. #codecon 2017 included a blah
"finally! remember when senator lyndsey graham said he s  very disappointed  but said
"you re fired! yes
"thank goodness for president trump s new commission because the latest finding on voter fraud is just the tip of the voter fraud iceberg:here s what s going on:when maureen erickson registered to vote in prince william county
 yet blistering response to kathy griffin’s isis inspired photo of decapitated president trump"
000 refugees this year!"
"president trump just let comic kathy griffin know that she  should be ashamed of herself  for the photo holding a head resembling trump s. he added that the photo had upset barron
"the usaa financial services firm is reinstating its advertising on sean hannity s fox news channel program after receiving heavy criticism for its initial decision from many of the military members and veterans that it serves.the san antonio
 new york times reporter…calls him out for reporting specific “fake news” story…walks off stage [video]"
"nancy pelosi couldn t sink any lower than this. she was doing a question and answer when she giggled and said she can t call donald trump president trump. the oddest behavior comes after the giggles. she goes on to brag about her position in the democrat party and how she was so looking forward to hillary s win. it s quite a delusional rant. how can the democrats be taken seriously when they behave this way? pelosi isn t the only one. maxine waters is a very close second in the wacky category. see the video below this one where she goes ballistic on a woman who said  i love my president .pelosi giggles like a child:maxine waters goes ballistic: the latest video of maxine waters is downright hysterical! she s confronted by one of her constituents who says they re going to work every day to make sure that president trump isn t impeached and that waters is impeached.  mad max  didn t care for that comment and shot back:  you can t impeach a woman of congress constituent:  well i just want to talk about your representation in washington and our president as well.waters:  i can t stand him! he s the most horrible man i ve ever seen in my life! constituent:  i love my president. waters:  i m glad you do! your president is a dishonorable
 decapitated head"
"kathy griffin probably thought this would be great publicity for her. nope
"as a wellesley graduate
how obvious can she be? alison camerota interviewed former nh governor john sununu and decided to do some pouting when she didn t hear what she wanted to. the discussion was about the trump-russia fake news camerota:  you should be concerned if there was collusion and that s what congress-sununu:  i don t see any evidence of collusion. do you? camerota:  no. sununu:  ok that should end your reporting right there! you should put an exclamation point after your  no ! camerota went on to say that we re still at the beginning of the investigation despite the fact that we are several months in.sununu:  you re seven months into the investigation! you re seven months! how much crow are you going to eat? we have to agree! how much longer is this charade going to go on?it s being reported today that it was the russians that asked for a  back channel  with kushner. kushner has agreed to testify on the matter. president trump is totally backing his son-in-law calling him a  good person .
"if you weren t convinced of the fabulousness of first lady melania trump before her 9-day foreign trip
"gold star family brittany jacobs and her 6-year-old son christian who met president trump yesterday:meet gold star family brittany jacobs and her 6-year-old son christian who met president trump yesterday at @arlingtonnatl pic.twitter.com/gwabqq5sla  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) may 30
"the latest video of maxine waters is downright hysterical! she s confronted by one of her constituents who says they re going to work every day to make sure that president trump isn t impeached and that waters is impeached.  mad max  didn t care for that comment and shot back:  you can t impeach a woman of congress constituent:  well i just want to talk about your representation in washington and our president as well.waters:  i can t stand him! he s the most horrible man i ve ever seen in my life! constituent:  i love my president. waters:  i m glad you do! your president is a dishonorable
"remember when experts came out after hillary collapsed following her visit to the 9-11 memorial in nyc and revealed that the odd blue-colored sunglasses hillary was sporting that day are used by epileptic patients to avoid having a seizure.who could forget hillary s bizarre collapse that day
"families of fallen soldiers were surprised today when president trump and vp pence made an unexpected visit to section 60 at arlington national cemetery. this area is where the graves of iraq
"the ban
"austin   a shoving match and war of words nearly turned into a fistfight on the texas house floor monday
"naveed jamali is supposed to be a professional analyst on msnbc but we re guessing that s just too much to ask of these news hacks. he makes the claim that jared kushner is a double agent for the russians! he goes on to make claims about others in the trump administration with zero evidence! to say this is way past crazy is an understatement! the liberal media must have all gotten their orders to saturate the airwaves with horrible lies about trump s inner circle. this is dangerous stuff because there is no evidence at all but people will come away with a tainted view of kushner no matter what happens.jamali:  you look for patterns and this is a clear pattern emerging. it s a pattern that shows a consistent effort to deceive. and when you have that
"fox news  harris faulkner blows up the whole russia collusion theory with one smart question that we re sure the media will ignore!on sunday
"as we listen 24/7 to the fake news and fake outrage about russia spying and stealing our election
"newt gingrich:  you start putting a few people in jail
"president trump is scheduled to attend the wreath laying cermony at arlington national cemetery today.the president tweeted out a message of thanks on this day to remember: today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. thank you
"secretary of state rex tillerson was a participant in rolling thunder 2017! what a great show of support! candidate donald trump was at the event last year. his speech to the crowd was a heartfelt call for more concern for our veterans and a vow to rebuild the military.secretaryof state rex w. tillerson at rolling thunder 2017!!!! @cnn @msnbc pic.twitter.com/gz6ezwtors  victor martinez (@vjmar1) may 28
 mayor deblasio employee arrested on child porn charges: possessed videos of female babies as young as 6 months involved in sex acts"
 pope francis delivers surprising message to italian workers"
"secretary of defense james mattis was asked in an interview airing sunday what keeps him up at night his answer is epic! this man is a great choice by president trump!at the end of an interview on  face the nation 
 debbie wasserman-schultz"
"there is no question that whoopi goldberg is a talented actress and has the ability to make people laugh
"the video below is more important than ever! after the berlin attack
"judge jeanine pirro s opening statement focused on the one big problem she says president trump needs to fix..the leakers!pirro called on trump to make every effort to find the leaker in the white house: found and will be dealt with by the president:the latest report on the white house leakers raises many questions. the main question to ask is why there are any  obama holdovers  left working at the white house.  trump should fire them all because it s turning out that they just want to sabotage his presidency!breitbart news is reporting that at least two separate news organizations have credible information that three distinct leakers have been identified at the white house and that president donald trump is expected to fire them when he returns from his first overseas trip. cbs news has confirmed from two sources that three leakers of classified information at the white house have been identified and are expected to be fired
"the press has been lying about president trump since day one but it s never been more evident than during the 9-day trip the potus and flotus just finished.the press claimed that melania trump swatted the president s hand away during a walk. not true!the press decided that the president manhandled a guest at the g7 when he moved forward to take his assigned spot. not true!the latest lie is that president trump chose not to listen and not wear headphones during a speech. not true!the big problem with all of this is that the video of trump watching the speech went viral and the tweet making the false claim was retweeted thousands of times. the retraction was retweeted about 42 times. fake news and false allegations against our president end up becoming truth to those who read the fake news put out by the main stream media. in fact
"there was a heavy push and big-time lobbying from g7 leaders but president trump said no to endorsing the paris climate agreement. we hope this means another nail in the coffin of obama s legacy. obama set america up to pay a fortune to other nations in this major boondoggle of a redistribution of wealth to other nations. american taxpayers do not want to pay for this!trump has stated in the past that he would like to renegotiate the deal but we think he needs to get out of it. he tweeted he ll make his decision next week after saying that the discussion on climate was  very unsatisfying : whole discussion on climate was very unsatisfying  #merkel says after #g7taormina.  no indication whether us will stay in #parisagreement . pic.twitter.com/n1bh3lqb6u  maximilian hofmann (@maxhofmann) may 27
"bravo! polish prime minister beata szydlo just put her foot down! she told the eu that poland will not be  blackmailed  into accepting thousands of refugees under the eu quota system. szydlo hammered the weak eu for allowing the slow death of european culture and its people by taking in millions of refugees that are destroying the western nations financially
"president trump referred to canadian prime minister justin trudeau as  justin from canada  during his speech to the military at the u.s. naval air station in sigonella
"hillary clinton told a group of graduates how she coped with her election loss is anyone surprised that she hit the wine bottle to get over it? the only problem is that she just gave an interview full of bitter reasons why she feels she  beat  donald trump (see below). this woman is still in denial and still believes she s got a chance to run for anything!hillary clinton just made the claim that she  beat  president trump in the 2016 election. the bitter and delusional clinton is a woman who can t let the loss go in a lengthy interview in new york magazine
"america is falling in love with melania trump. you can t help but notice how melania lights up every time she is around children. her trip to a local hospital in rome was no exception. melania used her special gift of speaking fluently in 5 languages to speak in italian to the young patients. melania shined around the sick children and they responded with smiles. melania s visit with sick children at the hospital in rome was captured in this ap video:while the media was busy obsessing over her veil and celebrities ignorantly mocked her modest clothing choice during a trip to the vatican
"hillary clinton just made the claim that she  beat  president trump in the 2016 election. the bitter and delusional clinton is a woman who can t let the loss go in a lengthy interview in new york magazine
 not people. [video]"
"now we know for sure that nancy pelosi has lost it!during a press briefing on thursday
"first lady melania trump has been busy praying over sick children during her 9 day trip overseas   and it seems at least one of her prayers may have been answered.in fact
"all we re hearing from the left is fear mongering about president trump s budget. we love what welfare to work is coming back after obama stripped it out of requirements to receive benefits. food stamp enrollment exploded during obama s 8 years in office to be 44 million recipients.the american taxpayers are footing the bill for those who take advantage of the system. here s the truth about what the trump administration has proposed for food stamps:work requirements: in reality
"navy seal carl higbie had three words for katy perry: go to hell. carl higbie in a thursday interview on fox news criticized perry for her remarks following the deadly manchester terror attack that left 22 people dead and 59 injured
"president trump and first lady melania trump made a splash at the g7 with melania s incredible fashion sense and trump s bold leadership style. the first lady has been en pointe and president trump has been successful at keeping the summit topic off of the climate change and on terrorism and trade.first lady melania trump arrived in sicily in a beautiful floral jacket by italian designers dolce & gabanna stunning! first lady ditched the floral jacket when she met with our military:thank you to the @usarmy 1-214th aviation regiment for getting me & my staff to our mtgs safely! #g7 #catania #italy pic.twitter.com/utfjakfbtc  melania trump (@flotus) may 26
"hillary clinton was delivering the commencement speech at her alma mater today and had a coughing fit! can you believe it? just in case you forgot
"pleading ignorance is a perfect ploy for nancy pelosi who wouldn t believe she s clueless on pretty much everything. pelosi claims she s been busy with lots of  things . that s laughable! this case is a big deal! here s what the daily caller had to say about this stain on the democrats:u.s. capitol police and other agencies are probing the cyber activities of three brothers who had jobs as congressional staffers at the office of information technology for lawmakers on the house permanent select committee on intelligence
don lemon tries to blame donald trump for the incident in montana between a republican candidate and a reporter. the candidate  body-slammed  the reporter who was asking a question. the candidate went on to win the election but the left is determined to use this incident to score political points.paris dennard won t back down when lemon tries to blame trump. paris and lemon have a long history of heated discussions. great job by paris dennard!
"this is just too rich! the democrats threw tons of money into this race and then the republican candidate  body-slammed  an obnoxious reporter. it seemed like the dems really couldn t lose this one. bernie s socialist candidate would win in montana. the democrats were sure they could run leftists and win in red states not so fast!republican businessman greg gianforte won montana s sole house district in a special election thursday
"terrified concert goers fled an ariana grande gig after salman abedi
"companies including cars.com
 lawyer says feds need to investigate seth rich murder during russia-trump collusion discussion [video]"
"a shocking new video has just been released by the center for medical progress
"clifton park
" the former cia director told a house committee that obama started to spy on trump after he cracked a joke about russia releasing hillary clinton s lost emails:russia
president trump met for the first time with members of nato and scolded them for not paying their  fair share : members of the alliance must finally contribute their fair share and meet their financial obligations. twenty-three of the 28 member nations are still not paying what they should be paying and what they are supposed to be paying for their defense. this is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the united states.  was true trump style with his blunt speech telling them to pay up.
obama took a veiled shot at president trump that was beyond tacky. he needs to move on but just can t let being president go. he s been trolling trump throughout the president s trip to europe. it s the shadow government working its way into the current administration. listen to this jackwagon take a shot at president trump with nodding approval from germany s merkel:merkel and obama have no business giving advice on immigration and walls. both have betrayed their people with open borders. shame on them!obama needs to go off into the sunset his time is over!
"president trump arrived  like a boss  to check out what s going on at the nato headquarters. they just spent big bucks on a new headquarters   trump s probably wondering why they didn t use that money more wisely:nato leaders have arranged an itinerary to appeal to the former real estate magnate: a ribbon-cutting of the alliance s glassy new headquarters
"mick mulvaney is one smart cookie. he s doing a fantastic job cutting where cuts need to be made. congress will complain about any cut to their voter base s favorite item. listen to the grandstanding from jackson-lee on cuts to medicaid:  they are begging for their medicaid the grandstanding is so sickening!it went downhill from there. jackson-lee wanted to try and make mulvaney out to be an uncaring guy. she s a total bully!he s one smart cooke! mulvaney just gave details of the budget cuts in a fantastic press conference. we highly recommend the entire video below: office of management and budgets (omb) director mick mulvaney outlines the structure
"former cia agent phil mudd is a jackwagon! he threatened congressman trey gowdy after hearing video of questioning from gowdy to ex-cia director john brennan. mudd made the threat that gowdy should have his  a** kicked . who says something like that on national tv? how the anchors on cnn say nothing back to mudd to knock it off. they probably loved the threat.in case you missed it: trey gowdy asked a pointed question of former cia director brennan:  did you have evidence of a connection between the trump campaign and russian state actors?  brennan replied:  as i said
"ami horowitz went to a new york conference on  white privilege  and asked the attendees to explain their whiteness. somebody told him
maxine waters made an appearance on cnbc trying to push the term  kremlin klan  to push the russia scam.she tried to name the offenders in the group but drew a blank after naming a few people. it s always interesting to hear her talking points and hear what the democrats are lying about every day. notice that the anchors repeat the term at the end do you think they might want this term to stick? clever  waters is on the financial services committee that s scary! 
"msnbc anchor joe scarborough was caught on a hot mic making a snarky suggestion that president donald trump is not a christian
the video below is unbelievable in its honest look at the press and how they didn t and won t accept the election of donald trump. these people exposed themselves to be leftists on the night of the election with their editorializing and outright hate speech. is it any wonder that we have the current hateful and twisted media coverage that we do? language alert:president donald trump has been bashed by the press since day one by these people they want to destroy him. we say we need to destroy the leftist media behind all of the lies about our president. please take the time to call out lies from the media when you see them!
"wow! this is fantastic! we highly recommend the entire video: office of management and budgets (omb) director mick mulvaney outlines the structure
"just another nice immigrant family trying to assimilate in the country who so generously took them in the 22-year-old british-born attacker was heard  chanting islamic prayers loudly in the street  outside his home in the south of the city. not that anyone reported him. that would have been  islamophobic. it s a good thing we have theresa may and the rest to tell us that this has nothing to do with islam. he was chanting islamic prayers loudly in the street : neighbours of british-born manchester suicide bomber tell of his  strange behaviour  in the weeks before deadly attack
 you won’t let it become europe [video]"
"what the heck is going on over at fox news
"trey gowdy asked a pointed question of former cia director brennan:  did you have evidence of a connection between the trump campaign and russian state actors?  brennan replied:  as i said
"ex-cia chief john brennan testified today before the house today and dropped a bomb of truth that president trump didn t pressure the intelligence community to drop the flynn investigation: adam schiff:  with respect to the allegations made recently that the president or his aides may have sought to enlist the member of the ic or director comey himself to drop the flynn investigation
"let s play a fun game called
"immediately after president trump s speech about the horrible manchester terror attack
"michelle obama has been wearing some interesting fashion choices during her overseas trip to italy. to each his own but the latest outfit crossed over the line because it was disrespectful to the religious guests of siena cathedral. women are supposed to cover their shoulders upon entry into the cathedral. who does that?rules must be for the little people and not for the obamas sienna
 yahoo writer” who wished trump would die before inauguration
 50 injured…panicked
"potus and flotus visited the israeli pm residence and got a very warm welcome! the video below is a rare behind the scenes look at the visit. the netanyahu family greeted the first couple and then enjoyed a visit with the family including the son. you can hear the netanyahu s son when he meets president trump. he says
"it looks like bill o reilly is getting the last laugh when the fox news channel fired cable news giant bill o reilly in april
"bob schieffer is an old-school newsman. there s no doubt that the former face the nationhost leans left
"israeli first lady sara netanyahu: i talk every place about her
"first lady melania trump has been stealing the spotlight from just about everyone on the middle east trip. from the beginning of the trip to saudi arabia to today s visit to israel
"last week
" among the findings:a complex fiscal picture welfare use. our findings show that many of the preconceived notions about the fiscal impact of illegal households turn out to be inaccurate. in terms of welfare use
"what a great photo of president trump joined by the president of egypt and saudi king salman to inaugurate the global center for combating extremist ideology.essentially the center appears to be a saudi data hub for monitoring multiple media and social media platforms
"the white house confirmed to fox business that priebus would be heading back to washington d.c. after the stop in saudi arabia
"ap reported:california s elected democrats had tough words for president donald trump and the gop congress on saturday
 no apologies speech to arab nations [video]"
"the classless democrats are at it again. the over-the-top potty talk by the chairman tom perez was bad enough but now the california dem chairman has raised the bar on nastiness. he prompts the crowd to yell out  f@ck donald trump!  the kicker is that nancy pelosi was caught laughing with the crowd. how unbelievably childish are these people?ap reported:california s elected democrats had tough words for president donald trump and the gop congress on saturday
"president trump is scheduled to deliver a historic speech in riyadh
"at the start of the fox news greg gutfeld show
"tim allen took to twitter to express his disappointment after discovering that the second highest rated comedy tv series on abc
"cnn host anderson cooper apologized for a  crude  remark directed at president trump supporter jeffrey lord during his show on friday
 wife kathryn
"the harvard study below will blow your mind! if you had any doubt trump is being sabotaged by the main stream media and washington old guards
"rep. maxine waters (d.
"president donald trump and first lady melania trump arrived in saudi arabia to rare red carpet treatment. what a great way to begin the  president s first foreign trip that will last 9 days.several symbolic gestures by the saudis show a sign of respect and friendship. this is very different from when obama went to saudi arabia last year and the kind didn t even come to the airport to greet him. he touched down in the middle east this morning
"the double standard here is unbelievable! we just reported on a high school student in big trouble for saying  build the wall  in her yearbook quote. that s pretty harmless but the school took back the yearbooks .fast forward and a high school student wrote out their thoughts on president trump in the yearbook i would like to behead him. i do not like him. see the huge difference here?minneapolis (wcco)   just under a month after a big lake trap team s photo was banned from the high school yearbook
"punishing rich
 race agitator colin kaepernick?"
"tick tock. america will now wait until conservative news sources release his motive.update: the man who attempted to breach the cockpit has been identified as a turkish man. flight attendants
"deputy attorney general rod rosenstein doubled down today when he told congress he stands by a memo he wrote that the white house has cited as a justification for the firing last week of fbi director james comey.in closed-door meetings with lawmakers on thursday and friday
"bob beckel is gone from fox news after he was terminated for a racist comment who knew this democrat was as nasty as this? wow!variety reported:fox news  human resources department was made aware of a complaint about what one person familiar with the situation characterized as a  racially insensitive remark  on tuesday evening. executives conducted an internal investigation
"david plouffe was a campaign manager and senior adviser for obama and has many
"former fbi director james comey testified under senate oath may 3rd that the trump administration had not pressured his agency to halt any investigation for political purposes. comey admitted that the fbi has always been free to operate without political interference flying in the face of democrats  paranoid delusions about russia and president donald j. trump
"got news-  new york times mexican telecom mogul carlos slim s blogger michael schmidt told professional liar brian williams that he hadn t seen the memos that james comey allegedly wrote.  someone that had seen them recounted details to me
"hillary clinton always goes back to the black community and this is just another case of pandering. it s pretty sickening that she s even being asked to speak at a college commencement any college commencement! the clinton grifters also owe the haitian community answers on where money went after the haiti earthquake relief effort.  the haitian community is up in arms over much that happened after the 2010 earthquake. this should be interesting:here is how the clinton s used the money that americans donated to help the devastated residents of haiti to enrich themselves:on june 8
"stories of governments removing citizens from their homes and apartments in european nations and replacing them with migrants in need of government subsidized housing is becoming more and more common. the obama regime set the ball in motion for  fair share housing  or social engineering. will our legislators be able to stop the insanity of displacing citizens who are receiving housing subsidies from our government in favor of refugees or illegal aliens? having lived in the same flat for 16 years
"this is by far the best analysis yet of the entire ordeal of the trump-russia collusion lie. victor davis hanson goes through what brought us to where we are with this charade. he goes through all of the things that obama and clinton did that could be misconstrued as supporting the russians remember the sale of our uranium? how about the big reset button that hillary clinton presented to the russians yes
"this is truly where we re heading with freedom of speech in america and it s scary. there are people on the left who want to silence conservatives. the only speech allowed is the speech from the left. sounds very 1930 s germany to us. the left wants you to march in lock-step to what they say or they ll beat the h*ll out of you. just try and wear a  make america great again  hat to a rally and see what the lefties do to you. this is disturbing but what s even more disturbing is that we have lawmakers who are going overboard in their rhetoric barbara lee is a great example of this: stay woke!    democrat barbara leedemocratic lawmakers joined alt-left protesters who want to ban conservative news websites at a protest outside of the federal communications commission
"the funniest part of the video comes when msnbc guest host ben stein attempts to force maxine to give an actual reason why president trump should be impeached and unhinged maxine goes off on her theory about who came up with the very popular (and accurate) nick-name of  crooked hillary  for hillary clinton during the campaign. and as a bonus
"senator lindsey graham:  i have reason to believe dnc
"this is one of the best accounts we ve seen of who really committed a crime in all of this craziness. judge napolitano is dead on with his assessment of the unmasking for political reasons: were senators under surveillance by obama administration? rand paul and other senators were under surveillance for political purposes according to senator paul. the unmasking using the name that was unmasked for political reasons is a felony. the principal unmasker is susan rice so susan rice needs to be dealt with. did she unmask illegally and for political purposes?senator rand paul talks about fbi director james comey being fired by president donald trump. paul believes comey should have been fired a long time ago for some major missteps during his tenure including the terrorist attack in orlando
deep state is trying to take down a president   it needs to stop   dennis kucinich goes there and tells sean hannity that the deep state is trying to destroy america as we know it. this man is a democrat who is brave enough to speak out!  you have a politicization of the agencies. that is resulting in leaks from anonymous unknown people and the intention is to take down a president.this is very dangerous to america.it is a threat to our republic. it constitutes a clear and present danger to our way of life.what is the motive of these people? who s putting these leaks out? why isn t somebody coming forward to make that charge and put their name and their reputation behind it instead of attacking through the media and not substantiating their position? 
"this blogger s piece is a glimpse into the future of america. unless we all find a way to stand together and stop barack obama and the democrat party s fundamental transformation from happening we ll be looking for another country who cares more about its citizens than its immigrant population this is the last post on this blog. i am leaving sweden for good shortly
"charles payne and economist liz peek discuss the booming trump economy and why the hateful media won t report on it: payne: these are blue collar jobs maybe that s not  sexy  to the main stream media.peek: how many of those economists are talking about how the market is up 13%?payne is so correct about the media s lack of interest in the booming trump economy. the american people see it and are feeling it too. as long as president trump keeps his focus and continues improving the economy
"what a great pick by the trump administration!the trump administration tapped milwaukee county sheriff david clarke to serve as assistant secretary of the department of homeland security for partnership and engagement.clarke
"president trump just put this to bed! the leakers are hopefully going to be exposed now (see statement below) that the doj has appointed former fbi director robert mueller iii as special counsel to its investigation into possible russian interference in our presidential election. the wall street journal reported:deputy attorney general rod rosenstein announced the appointment because attorney general jeff sessions recused himself from any investigation related to the 2016 race. mr. rosenstein said in a statement that  i determined that it is in the public interest for me to exercise my authority and appoint a special counsel to assume responsibility of this matter.  he cautioned that his decision wasn t the result of a  finding that crimes have been committed or that any prosecution is warranted. he signed the order on wednesday. mr. mueller
"legal expert jonathan turley listened as joe scarborough laid out a lengthy timeline to make a case of obstruction on president trump. his response is awesome and very precise in its reasons for not recommending obstruction charges. turley is a democrat but is a very fair legal expert who rules according to the law how refreshing! while the left freaks out about nothing
"greg gutfeld is so passionate and so on target with his commentary about the comey memo disclosure. this is truly epic! gutfeld said all of this comes down to the non-political way trump communicates. when you say you  hope  for something
"a navy seal carl higbie was blasted and screeched at by a cnn anchor who was shocked that higbie asked for more evidence and truth in the trump controversy. yikes! she s got snowflake written all over her. it s just how the left rolls you have to march in lock-step with what they believe to be true even if it s not true. just go with it
"putin just trolled the democrats haha!vladimir putin said on wednesday that u.s. president donald trump had not divulged any secrets during a meeting in washington with russian officials and offered to prove it by supplying congress with a transcript.but a leading u.s. republican politician said he would have little faith in any notes putin might supply.two u.s. officials said on monday trump had disclosed classified information about a planned islamic state operation to russian foreign minister sergei lavrov when they met last week
 you’re sadly mistaken.”"
"president trump gave the commencement speech for the coast guard graduating class and hit back at the media during the speech: the coast guard academy was the location for the speech but the speech could be directed at all aemricans plus the media and critics of trump. he says what everyone else is thinking awesome! now i want to take this opportunity to offer you some advice. over the course of your life you will find that things are not always fair. you will find that things happen to you that you do not deserve  you have to put your head down and fight
"sean hannity and tucker carlson went after the deep state with commentary on who they believe is trying to harm trump: five entities in government and the media are trying to cripple the trump administration. the leaks are also putting our national security at risk. this is not just fun and games politics anymore. this is the deep state at war with a sitting president!the destroy trump propaganda media
"former cia analyst and retired u.s. army reserve lieutenant colonel tony shaffer told lou dobbs on tuesday president trump needs to understand deep state has declared war against his administration.   he needs to fire top two levels in intelligence to clean house.the deep state:never in american history has there been a more highly organized group of people
"rod wheeler was on hannity last night with startling information on the seth rich murder mystery. he spoke about the mystery of why they can t locate the computer rich used. they went on to discuss clues in the case that point to collusion between the dc police and the dnc. the most shocking information comes at the 4:20 mark when wheeler says this:rod wheeler:  here s one other thing that is going to be startling i m just gonna say this right now. i reached out to the police department way back in march when the family first hired me right..to get involved. i didn t hear anything from the police department for 2-3 days.guess what i learned yesterday from the family of seth rich? the police department did not call me back because someone
"home depot co-founder kenneth langone:  the fake news media hates president trump because he makes them irrelevant where they belong langone supports president trump all the way and isn t shy about saying so:ken langone
"just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of rich s death
"the glowing review we gave to miss usa kara mccullough must be revoked bummer!she was our hero when she defended liberty from the liberals who believe healthcare is not a right but a privilege. liberals wasted no time exploding in rage
"hey parents are you  woke  yet? a high school in north carolina confiscated student yearbooks after one of the students quoted president trump as her senior quote.the charlotte observer reports administrators at richmond early college high school
"spewing falsehoods has become the favorite pastime of democrats it s really pitiful to watch  last night
"the national security advisor held a press conference to reconfirm that the washington post article is fake news.it s most disturbing that there are leaks within the white house after meetings with foreign dignitaries. undermining the credibility of the president is happening daily and is not good! hopefully
000 dnc emails to journalist
"tucker takes on the co-director of popular resistance
"in the realm of the nba
"judy woodruff has been a staple on liberal leaning pbs for so long that it s hard to remember she started out in atlanta just decades ago lol! here s the best clip of the week where woodruff tries to bait our good friend jessica vaughn of the center for immigration studies in answering this question: did pres. trump send a message that every one of the undocumented immigrants in the u.s. is a threat? i ve called jessica vaughan  my hero  because she s simply brilliant with facts on immigration and doesn t get off message when interviewed by the left. watch how she stays calm and just states the facts to woodruff awesome!if you haven t heard of the center for immigration studies
"the washington post just got called out big time on a fake story they published this is a screenshot of the article:the big lie from washington post: president trump revealed highly classified information to the russian foreign minister and ambassador in a white house meeting last week
judge napolitano spoke out today about the  unmasking  of people in government by obama. he began to discuss allegations senator rand paul and another senator were under surveillance by the obama administration but dropped a bomb on the obama administration spying on the us supreme court.judge napolitano: justice scalia told me that he often thought the court was being surveilled. and he told me that probably four or five years ago if they had to unmask senator paul s name to reveal a conversation he was having with a foreign agent and the foreign agent was hostile to the united states they can do that. that s not what he s talking about. they re talking about unmasking him when he s having a conversation with his campaign manager when he s running in the republican primary.during the discussion judge napolitano also said barack obama could be subpoenaed to testify if he viewed the unmasked intelligence.
 covered in tattoos [video]"
"the district of columbia has won back-to-back miss usa titles.kara mccullough
"the democrats just keep on pushing the fake news of trump colluding with the russians to win the election. the striking thing is the coordination in talking points. unreal! they must email every person to push over and over the same words so we re all brainwashed to believe the lies:earlier in the week
"all you have to do is listen to clapper lie before congress and you know he has zero credibility to speak:remember the famous moment when us national intelligence chief james clapper was testifying about the nsa surveillance of americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. of course
"the video below begins with a hispanic man telling the videographer to  go back to europe . he continues n his rant ending with what he must consider a derogatory term pilgrim! . this is california and this is the attitude of many hispanics. notice how the t-shirts some of the hispanics are wearing say
"north korea said on monday it had successfully conducted a newly developed mid-to-long range missile test on sunday
"what a nut job! a 10th-grade teacher invited radicals into the classroom to brainwash and enlist children to join the radical group bamn. a brave student recorded these commies describing stuff that s totally made up. this is total indoctrination and fear mongering that should never be allowed to take place in school.they re making trump sound like he s doing something terribly wrong. enforcing the law is pretty much a normal thing but we had 8 years of obama s lawlessness that it s foreign for these people to understand the rule of law. a california teacher was caught on a cellphone camera having livier perez from bamn
 we worship god” [video]"
"lil wayne
"chuck todd exposed his nasty side when he totally abused the secretary of state rex tillerson on his show meet the press: of course
"joy reid is unbelievable when she claims the texas anti-sanctuary city law  sounds almost like an apartheid-era law so now enforcing the law is just like south african apartheid???the aclu lawyer even agrees with reid about the law these lefty political hacks are undermining the rule of law in america:abbott signs bill on sanctuary cities: texas governor abbott just signed a ban on so-called  sanctuary cities common sense is back!chances of this not being challenged in court are slim. it s pretty sad when your governor can t even enforce laws already on the books. pitiful!texas gov. greg abbott on sunday signed a law targeting so-called  sanctuary cities  that allows police to ask about a person s immigration status and threatens sheriffs with jail if they don t cooperate with federal authorities.he signed the bill on facebook today:governor abbott stated before signing the bill:  let s be clear about something. we all support legal immigration. it helped to build america and texas. legal immigration is different from harboring people who have committed dangerous crimes. this law cracks down on policies like the travis county sheriff who declared she would not detain known criminals accused of violent crimes. those policies are sanctuary city policies and won t be tolerated in texas. abbott
"it s no secret that president trump is very much a hands-on type of manager. should anyone really be surprised by the firing and hiring of people in his inner-circle
"governor scott walker
"term limits
"judge jeanine pirro s interview with president trump:president donald trump doubled down on his threat to end the white house daily press briefing
 comey and russia"
"deputy press secretary sarah huckabee sanders found herself behind the briefing room lectern last wednesday fielding questions about the firing of fbi director james comey and the investigation into russia s involvement in the 2016 campaign.her calm
"fist lady melania trump hosted military moms at the white house on friday. she gave a heartwarming and heartfelt speech about what it means to be a mother. she s beautiful inside and out!notice how president trump looks on lovingly and proudly. the first lady speaks with empathy about how hard it must be for them to send their military son or daughter to fight for america: thank you for all that you do
anderson cooper decided it would be a good idea to roll his eyes numerous times during his interview with kellyanne conway not smart!the cameras caught his eye rolls classless move! conway responded by calling his move  sexist . we have to agree because you know he wouldn t pull this move with anyone else. conway has been just one more person the left has targeted with their slings and arrows. it s not professional critique but nasty and very sophomoric comments about anything from the way conway dresses to her physical appearance. it s been brutal but she s such a strong woman that she just keeps bringing great commentary. we say bravo!the disrespect is unbelievable!
 jr destroys heckler at rally…crowd erupts in applause! [video]"
"veteran newscaster tom brokaw called out political hack andrea mitchell on her ridiculous comey narrative. he said
"tim allen s hit sitcom  last man standing  has seen its final days.abc announced it has canceled allen s show after six seasons. this was a scheduling decision
"four candidates for fbi director are being interviewed today. it looks like president trump is going for candidates who are apolitical. john cornyn would be the only exception to the group interviewing. why the texas republican senator?the remaining three are:alice fisher -lawyermichael garcia   judgeandrew mccabe   assistant fbi director (acting director)we re hoping the assistant fbi director is being granted an interview out of courtesy and appearances. he should be fired!mccabe is under investigation and is a huge clinton crony! the list of reasons not to give him the job are a mile long!a few of our past reports on mccabe:republican turns tables on fbi: deputy director on the hot seat nowbreaking: crooked va governor
"it s becoming fairly commonplace for public acts of violence to occur when liberals don t get exactly what they want. we used to rely on free speech at town halls to debate our differences
judge jeanine pirro interviewed president trump on the press and the comey firing. the interview is fantastic! the interview begins with a discussion on james comey and the fbi. pirro says and trump agrees that people are  caught up  on the  comey issue . trump speaks about spicer and huckabee and how it s hard to keep up with his schedule. trump is very forthcoming about his day to day dealings with the press and world leaders. the newsmaker from the interview is trump s comment about possibly not doing press conferences with the white house press:  we do it with a piece of paper with a perfectly accurate beautiful answer  bill hemmer in for tucker carlson gets a great interview with judge pirro we love the proposal from trump that caused media heads to spin too funny! he trolls the press beautifully! 
"this is the greatest clip from a meeting with president trump by a group of teens from north carolina whose project was to build a rocket. he asked how they came up with the name  trump the answer is great!trump: why did you call your project name
"michelle came out of hiding today to take a baseball bat to president trump. she spoke to an audience about nutrition and  started out her speech by attacking president trump
"a russian man wanted by the justice department on charges connected to hacking u.s. companies now claims the fbioffered him immunity in exchange for accepting responsibility for cyberattacks targeting former democratic nominee hillary clinton.yevgeny nikulin
"the faux outrage from the press over any and every move that president trump makes is getting so old! just ask sean spicer he showed his awareness of the ridiculousness of the press with this smackdown of a reporter during his press conference today:i love how spicer dismisses the biased media and moves on. this is exactly how you have to deal with them.  #pressbriefing pic.twitter.com/q5e50hzpxb  alex   (@socal4trump) may 12
"so much for healthy debate on college campus instead
"donald trump lobbed a veiled threat at the former fbi director on friday
"we love sarah huckabee! she is a no-nonsense spokesperson for president trump! the video below is a classic! hold on jonathan
"a fresno state university professor was recently caught on camera scrubbing pro-life message off of the sidewalk and encouraging several of his students to do the same.here is gregory thatcher s profile on the fresno state college website. we thought we d post it before they take it down. his contact information is listed below
"tucker carlson debates the russia conspiracy with mustafa tameez
"the democrats are lying all over the place along with the main stream media it s hard to keep up with the lies. this is shameful and every one of these people should be called out on their lies. markey repeated something he read on two blogs! so who repeats as fact something they just read about on two blogs? unbelievable!senator ed markey was on cnn and lied during the interview about trump shame on him!sen. ed markey (d.
"abc s jonathan karl asked a very spunky sara huckabee-sanders (yes
"a tennessee woman has obviously bought into the left s playbook to act as crazy as possible when at a town hall the ironic thing in what she did is she now cannot vote. felons can t vote lol!weakely county
"fbi agents are coming forward now to voice their frustrations and concerns about fbi director james comey s inept policing of the fbi. specifically
 media allies on comey firing in one perfect video"
"the students of the historically black bethune-cookman university booed the invited commencement speaker
 heckle
"this is truly epic! mark levin goes after the democrats on their hypocrisy in the firing of comey and the russia/trump investigation .he specifically goes after chuck schumer:notice how he says
" those of us in the swamp knew who the alligators were in the swamp    former justice department official victoria toensingvictoria toensing and her husband joe digenova are two well respected lawyers in dc. because of their closeness to the intel community
"russian president vladimir putin got sassy with the press when he was approached by a reporter and asked about comey: what do we have to do with it? i m off to play hockey with my fans    putin s answer when asked how comey s firing will affect russia priceless!hahaha #putin reacts to #comeyfiring what do we have to do with it? i m off to play hockey with my fans #russiainvestigation pic.twitter.com/jlee6qw8uu  trump anomaly  (@anomaly1) may 10
"since the moment word got out about the firing of fbi director james comey
"in its 109-year history
"at the recommendation of both attorney general jeff sessions and from deputy attorney general rod j. rosenstein
"on more than one occasion
"this congresswoman has a potty mouth and a bitter attitude towards whites. she s a hateful racist who is paranoid that everyone is out to get her. she just tossed baseless accusations at the trump administration in an appearance on the washington post podcast  cape up with jonathan capehart.  (see our previous report on the interview below.)here are the lowlights:waters accused president trump of colluding with russia during the 2016 election
 
"in its 109-year history
"there are 20 democrats who at certain times have called for comey to be fired but all you hear this morning is that the firing was done by trump to stop the russia investigation. the hypocrisy is huge!these people are desperately trying to keep this ball moving down the field. the problem is that there is no  there  there in the trump/russia investigation.even maxine waters said the russia investigation has nothing on trump:there is probably no one in congress more openly opposed to president donald trump than maxine waters. we have already seen that she has called for trump s impeachment. therefore when even waters states there is not yet any evidence at this time of trump-russia collusion
"kellyanne conway went at it with anderson cooper and came out on top when she basically schooled cooper on the chain of command in government. the facts make no sense to him because he s in denial. conway said trump s decision to fire james comey had nothing to do with the fbi s investigation into russian interference in the presidential election. she goes on to explain to cooper that the letter recommending that comey be fired was sent to president trump. was trump supposed to then deny the assistant attorney general s decision? it s good to note that the assistant ag was just confirmed by over 90% of the senate. he s a bipartisan choice and a well respected man who came into his position under ag jeff sessions just two weeks ago. the letter sent to trump summarized the numerous things that prove the case for the recommendation of firing comey. trump did not do this alone but you have the fake news media beating the russia
tucker carlson spoke out tonight on the firing of comey he listed different times that comey was inept or undermined the president. clip after clip showed comey s inability to keep politics out of the fbi note the investigation into hillary clinton.carlson says the firing was  long overdue  and that no one should have that much power .
" he threw the reputation of the fbi under the bus former fbi agents don t seem as surprised as the rest of the world that james comey was fired by president trump today.in fact
white house press secretary sean spicer appeared on lou dobbs tonight to give the first set of explanatory points around the president s decision to fire fbi director james comey:
" he threw the reputation of the fbi under the bus former fbi agents don t seem as surprised as the rest of the world that james comey was fired by president trump today.in fact
"hillary clinton was dogged throughout her campaign by her decision to set up a private email server in the basement of her suburban new york home to handle communications as secretary of state. comey said in july that agents found 110 classified emails containing emails that were classified at the time they were sent or received. that included eight marked  top secret. although comey labeled clinton s behavior  extremely careless
"comey will inevitably be remembered for the controversial role he played in the 2016 presidential election
"wow! this is clearly something the white house prepared for because they had a packet of information available for the press to look over.deputy ag rosentein sent out an email with information regarding comey s gaffes. then this the white house released a statement confirming the dismissal of fbi director james comey:all we can say about this is   it s about time!comey had 7 years left in his 10 year tenure at the fbi.ag jeff sessions recommended this firing the white house announced tuesday afternoon that fbi director james comey was fired. today
"who knew? tiffany & co. just decided to show its hand when it comes to politics. we re not happy to tell you that the luxury retail jeweler just bought into the global warming scam hook
"stephanie ruhle of msnbc was on with a panel of liberals when she blurted out: i too have a pre-existing condition. i m a woman
"when he was running for president
 6th grade muslim students threaten to behead her [video]"
 men arrested after major brawl breaks out at florida airport over spirit airlines cancelled flights [video]"
"former acting attorney general sally yates was grilled about her refusal to defend the president s travel executive order she made huge mistake by assuming what trump said during the campaign could be admissible in court it can t!in a hearing centered on russian interference in the election
"like dominoes
"dr. abdul el-sayed
"martha
"according to the journal of blacks in higher education
 comes around’"
here s a compilation of president trump s most savage moments and we mean that in the best possible way! we love his honestly and his ability to fearlessly take anyone down. wolf blitzer has been a target many times but we have just one we really like that we posted below these videos:enjoy!best comebacks:wolf blitzer gets the savage treatment 
"barack obama implored members of congress to have the  courage  not to repeal the affordable care act sunday night.the former president made his first public remarks about the proposed health care legislation just days after house republicans voted to pass the measure 217 to 213. if it passes the senate
"there has never been a more uncourageous person in the white house than barack obama. he never faced a decision on foreign affairs without backing down. yes
"the next time you hear someone talk about how it s a shame our country is so divided
” be “tortured
"bill maher has been criticized for making an incest joke about ivanka trump and her father on his show.while on his hbo program real time with new york magazine reporter gabriel sherman on friday night
"paul joseph watson nails it in this look at the new leader of france: congrats to the government bureaucrat
"the french citizens just voted for their demise they elected macron over the nationalist candidate who would put france first.syrian rebel flags flying at the emmanuel macron celebration sound familiar? marine le pen is the donald trump of france. her views are aligned with conservatives who want a check on mass migration from third world hell holes.we consider le pen to be a hero and a voice for doing what is right for france. vive le pen! if you don t think france is dying
 feds gear up for day of violence [video]"
"judge jeanine pirro slams hillary clinton after clinton blamed wikileaks and jim comey s letter on october 28th for losing the election to president trump.judge jeanine called clinton a  loser  and told her to go back into the woods hillary
"this is so disturbing but such a wake up call for people who don t realize what s going on all over europe and what s coming our way. america is as naive as europe we also have our share of bleeding heart liberals who are happy to bring in anyone and everyone.watch what happens below and tell us you would want these people living with you: as soon as nicola porro connected with his correspondent around 11:30pm at the station terminal of rome to document the situation of the campers who congregate there at night
"thanks to judicial watch for keeping it up with the effort to find out more on what happened in benghazi. we know that the state department was and still is protecting hillary clinton and obama. we know that it s hard to keep up the hope that these crooks will be held accountable for what they did. rest assured that judicial watch is calling out the state department on this and especially patrick kennedy (see more on kennedy below).(washington
"kellyanne conway appeared on the sean hannity show with guest host eric bolling. she was clearly frustrated by the democrats attempt to mischaracterize the repeal of obamacare. the outspoken kellyanne conway blasted the democrats
"a large group of very diverse young adults who call themselves  the modern patriots videotaped themselves being kicked out of the  grill on the hill  bar located at amsterdam ave. and w. 140th st in harlem for wearing trump hats. 100 percent fed up spoke with one of the young adults who was part of the group to find out why they were kicked out. according to the young lady we spoke with
"did you know that in the state of texas alone over the last few years
"a city in pennsylvania is removing a park bench with a religious quote in order to placate angry atheists. the atheists wants to put their own bench there instead: this bench was put there to honor veterans! is nothing sacred anymore? the site reads:  the quote by william penn
"brian mast scorched the democrats for their lying about the health care bill:  i too am a person with preexisting conditions and i believe it s not something i should just do but a responsibility for me to be the staunchest advocate for people out there who have preexisting conditions. and that is why i m such an ardent supporter of this bill. i think every american and every person out there with preexisting conditions should be asking themselves
 president trump signs religious liberty exec order to protect “little sisters of the poor”"
"someone needs to educate ellen degeneres on president trump. she obviously knows nothing about him or his policies that do include all americans! he just not into identity politics like obama was.she claims that his views on immigrants and women aren t aligned with hers. so isn t she doing what she proclaims to object to when she refuses to have trump on simply because of his views?he is for immigrants but for legal immigrants. does ellen advocate for illegally coming to america? traditionally
"watch this hilarious video from our british conservative friend paul joseph watson (twitter name:@prisonplanet) who does a brilliant job exposing the hypocrisy of the left: pro-migrant french welcome more refugees! but when asked to house one
"police on tuesday arrested two people and were seeking a third after a shooting in northwest rochester
"what s all the fuss about if there s no there
"be careful what you ask for watch:  fbi director james comey testified wednesday before the senate judiciary committee that hillary clinton emails containing classified information were forwarded to the computer of anthony weiner
"the american health care act (hr 1628) passed by the house today reduces taxes on the american people by over $1 trillion. the bill abolishes the following taxes imposed by obama and the democrat party in 2010 as part of obamacare:-abolishes the obamacare individual mandate tax which hits 8 million americans each year.-abolishes the obamacare employer mandate tax. together with repeal of the individual mandate tax repeal this is a $270 billion tax cut.-abolishes obamacare s medicine cabinet tax which hits 20 million americans with health savings accounts and 30 million americans with flexible spending accounts. this is a $6 billion tax cut.-abolishes obamacare s flexible spending account tax on 30 million americans. this is a $20 billion tax cut.-abolishes obamacare s chronic care tax on 10 million americans with high out of pocket medical expenses. this is a $126 billion tax cut.-abolishes obamacare s hsa withdrawal tax. this is a $100 million tax cut.-abolishes obamacare s 10% excise tax on small businesses with indoor tanning services. this is a $600 million tax cut.-abolishes the obamacare health insurance tax. this is a $145 billion tax cut.-abolishes the obamacare 3.8% surtax on investment income. this is a $172 billion tax cut.-abolishes the obamacare medical device tax. this is a $20 billion tax cut.-abolishes the obamacare tax on prescription medicine. this is a $28 billion tax cut.-abolishes the obamacare tax on retiree prescription drug coverage. this is a $2 billion tax cut.as a presidential candidate in 2008
" prudence is thirty-four. she has had sex with twenty-one men and three women
 tells her to
"the 31-year old model
"johnny carson must be rolling over in his grave to see what s happened to late night comedy where he dedicated 30 years of his life to actually making people of all political persuasions laugh. if johnny carson had a particular political leaning
"after the release of tell-all book  shattered  that excoriated and exposed hillary clinton and her failed campaign
"the donald trump of france marine le pen is in the last stages of campaigning and it s getting uglier and uglier you know it s ugly when our hypocrite globalist former president interferes with the french election!yes
"after years of debate
 rapists to be freed from prison [video]"
 black bloc
 antifa leader follows muslim boyfriend to turkey… surprised when she was beaten
"did you see the testimony from fbi director comey yesterday? the two words that stand out are the words  mildly nauseous :fbi director james comey said he s  mildly nauseous  about the possibility that his announcement about reopening an investigation into hillary clinton s emails influenced the outcome of the election  tessa berenson
"barack obama s white college girlfriend sheila miyoshi jager
"susan rice just announced she won t testify before the senate on the russian hacking.senator lyndsey graham said he s  very disappointed  but said
"the sex secrets of the young barack obama have been revealed in an authoritative new biography of the ex-president.the new book by pulitzer prize winning author david j. garrow titled
 i’m a patriots fan…” [video]"
"pamela anderson is best known for her role on the tv show baywatch. lately
"a caller to british radio host katie hopkins whose name is jessica
"irish journalist and documentary filmmaker ann mcelhinney took down a clueless liberal student during a discussion on global warming ann is the quickest and smartest at debate. this liberal picked on the wrong person the student insults ann with the following comment: i can t take anything you said seriously because you said that washing machines were more liberating than the birth control pill
"iran is using the billions in cash resources provided under the landmark nuclear deal to engage in an unprecedented military buildup meant to transform the islamic republic s fighting force into an  offensive  juggernaut
 as a person
"president trump s chief strategist steve bannon just accidentally revealed his  to do  list to the world. bannon writes down his  to do  lists on a whiteboard in his office. the board appears to be totally full of things to work on a good sign that bannon is continuing his work for the people of america thank you mr. bannon for standing by your promises even though others have caved.rabbi shmuley boteach
"only a few days after his inauguration
"colbert   language warning! this late night host is one angry dude! he does everything he can to try and rip on president trump but it comes off as cold and just mean spirited.the disgusting rant at the end of his monologue has backfired on him .his homophobic slur was in poor taste and very offensive to just about everyone within earshot. you can even tell the audience was shocked when he said it. if this was said about anyone else
"laura ingraham is dialed in on the republican s inability to get a good budget bill. she held up the washington post to show how pelosi and schumer are celebrating the victory of the budget. the democrats got pretty much everything they wanted at the expense of the american people. we do not have a republican party on capitol hill that can get its act together.    laura ingrahamlet s face it the republicans didn t fight for us and ingraham knows it. she mentions key parts of the spending bill in her rant on fox & friends. we re happy she mentioned the ***refugee resettlement program because that s one part of the bill that we re very disappointed in. the refugee resettlement program is so bloated and needs to be overhauled or defunded altogether. we re sick about it:the bill would include a total of $3 billion towards migration and refugee assistance
"after a sighting of black student with a hot glue gun caused the tolerant
"this is what having no freedom of speech looks like this guy is awesome! i use whatever flag i want because i am free. i am not a hypocrite
"the media research center recently published a study showing that 91% of the coverage donald trump received during his campaign was considered negative or  hostile .was it even necessary to prove that almost all of candidate trump s media coverage was negative or  hostile  compared to hillary clinton s?  for the most part
"the bipartisan congressional language creates a headache for trump and his deputies because it flips the politically difficult problem from congress to the department of homeland security of deciding whether to provide extra wage-cutting h-2b contract workers to companies or else to improve job opportunities for trump s blue-collar voters.the new rule helps business groups offset rising pressure for wage increases
"tom perez decided to go there yesterday when he said during his may day speech that  no human being is illegal .so now the democrats are coming out with the truth they are openly advocating for open borders. pretty unbelievable
"paul ryan nervously giggled during the republican announcement of the budget and obamacare replacement this morning. it s interesting to watch all of the republicans in the video below skip over the elephant in the room by redirecting everyone to other items they consider to be positive. ryan emphasized the funding for border patrol but skipped right over the border wall funding.why does the left bother with  resistance  theatrics when the republican congress funds their entire wish list anyway?is funding the nih (national institutes for health) with 2 billion dollars a good thing? that bloated and very wasteful item needs to be looked at more closely. remember shrimp on a treadmill? drunk monkeys? yes
"tucker carlson had the head of the white house press association on tonight .it was a slugfest!this was a tense exchange because it was a personal gripe from carlson who was speaking about the business of journalism .jeff mason was a deer in the headlights:highlights from the interview: tucker hit him hard when he said he d  never seen a lamer speaker  at the event ouch!he went on to say
"real journalism hit washington today! one of our favorite citizen journalists went at the main stream media full force. the video below is what happens when you turn the tables on the press they freak out. they can t handle it. notice how the reporters in the video below are a little shocked when the tables are turned and someone yells a question to them. you ll love the question too! this is a classic!washington   the journalist who scooped the establishment media and unmasked susan rice as a key figure in the obama administration spying scandal turned the tables monday and grilled white house reporters about how they are doing their jobs.or not doing them as soon as press secretary sean spicer concluded his daily briefing and left the room
 burning flags [video]"
"senator elizabeth warren must be doing whatever nancy pelosi is doing the very strange comment by warren must require translation because we hope she didn t mean what she said!what is it anyway with the women in the democrat party? pelosi
"washington
"wow! republicans had a chance to stand up to the democrats and fight for the border wall
"bill maher began his interview with the yawn-inducing democrat senator elizabeth warren and the best hope for a presidential candidate in 2020
"here is a bit of the transcript of their discussion via cbs:john dickerson: did president obama give you any advice that was helpful? that you think
"nathan domingo is the founder of  identity europa  and is the guy who was seen by millions of viewers punching a female antifa thug the media tried to portray as a helpless woman that just happened to be in the area when fighting broke out at a free speech rally in berkeley
"the truth about springsteen is so disappointing (see below) but this one takes the cake!bruce springsteen has been a sellout all these years. he s not the person he portrayed himself to be to the american people.he just revealed he nearly gave up  one of his most iconic anthems born in the usa
 it is absolutely unbelievable that he could be the leader of the greatest nation in the world and we cannot allow him to stay in that position    california s own maxine waterscan you imagine if we had said these things about barack obama? maxine waters is getting more and more desperate she just pulled out the race card on msnbc:maxine waters and joy reid are always entertaining they feed off of each other. it s like waters forgets they re on tv and just lets it rip with the racist jargon. this is just laughable and hopefully most americans see through it except for the brainiacs who still vote for this hag in the james brown wig.it might sound harsh but this woman helped push the housing bubble with her pal barnie frank. she s a grifter who has lived off of the people for decades by dividing americans. here s another example of maxine watters and joy reid getting into a hatefest over trump. they make false claim after false claim about president trump just hateful! will make sure poor people aren t getting too much from government 
"for the second time in a matter of weeks
"soros paid protesters who blocked streets and created mass chaos in big cities cashed in before the election of president trump. for the most part
"climate march s are happening all over america. many of the same groups like antifa who turned out to burn
"president trump skipped the white house correspondents dinner to hold a rally in harrisburg
"wow! this is really epic! paris dennard nails paul begala on begala s trash talking of trump. you won t believe the response from david gergen! how can trump let someone down when they never believed in his policies to begin with?  we love paris dennard s effort to call out the liberal pundits   this is not just good it s great that he said what every american is thinking about cnn and msnbc:strategist @david_gergen clashes w/ @parisdennard: ""you respect the office not the man  but he is letting me down""  cnn newsroom (@cnnnewsroom) april 30
"this is a shocker! richard dreyfuss was on tucker carlson and blew us away with his knowledge of american government! you will be shocked at his comments he speaks about how important it is for all americans to know civics who knew richard dreyfuss could speak like this?this interview was so successful that the website for dreyfuss is having technical difficulties.the dreyfuss civics initiative has a facebook page with this message at the top:thank you tucker carlson and richard for the interview tonight. our website was overwhelmed by the interest and repsonse
 assaulting police during trump’s inauguration [video]"
"lou hobbs praised president donald trump for his historic first 100 days in office
"a conservative reporter was brave enough to grab the mic at the climate march and instruct people to yell  bill clinton is a rapist! everybody raise ya fist everybody raise ya fist bill clinton is a rapist bill clinton is a rapistthe crowd wasn t too happy! you ll see in the video below props to jack posobiec! grabbed the mic and trolled the #climatemarch into singing bill clinton is a rapist grabbed the mic and trolled the #climatemarch into singing bill clinton is a rapist pic.twitter.com/e8kszbtd4k  jack posobiec   (@jackposobiec) april 29
"watch as katy tur tries to hilariously convince the audience that the press doesn t have any biases:  if we have any bias
"a few weeks ago
"a brave london tour bus passenger saw a muslim with a large knife and was able to disarm him video belowthis shows what s happening all too often in the u.k. and all over europe. terrorism by jihadists using a knife to kill or injure anyone close-by has become the job of the so-called  lone wolf  jihadist. do you recall the american woman who was in london on vacation and was randomly murdered on the street by a jihadist? how soon we forget
"it was like garden and guns today for the president and first lady president trump spoke at the national rifle association convention in atlanta
"the woman who wants to be the next democrat candidate for president is doing exactly what democrats do best these days
"state police are searching for fugitive accused of running a million-dollar food stamp scam after they say he cut off his court-ordered gps monitoring bracelet and went on the run just as his high-profile fraud and money laundering trial was set to begin.martin b. santiago
 journalists lives a living hell”"
former white house advisor stephanie cutter totally piled on president trump in a rant that blamed him for keeping his promises. this was just two political hack hags ranting back and forth. ridiculous!stephanie cutter is bad enough but andrea mitchell is nasty!we know andrea mitchell needs to go we ve reported on her antics before. the last thing she did that s similar to this is did you hear about the reporter who was scolded by the russian foreign minister for being rude during a protocol meeting? it was all over the news this afternoon but the identity of the rude reporter wasn t known until now you ll love this!the russian foreign minister sergei lavrov scolded andrea mitchell today when she yelled a question to rex tillerson it really was a priceless moment for all of us who know what a political hack this woman is. she slobbered all over hillary clinton during the 2016 campaign. it was very obvious that she really wanted and expected hillary clinton to win the election. this is truly priceless! who brought you up? who taught you manners?    russian fma different vantage point: so funny!seems she s a serial offender:andrea mitchell makes an ass of herself in a press gaggle with rex tillerson and the leader of ukraine she yells questions over and over when told the photo op is over. she s downright obnoxious and it even looks staged on her part. she looks pleased as a peacock when she s escorted out hillary would be so pleased 
"what factors determine what makes the first 100 days of a president a success? roosevelt had urgency and opportunity as his two main  things others followed with not much focus on the first 100 days the wall street journal gives us the lowdown on all of the presidents and asks why trump is under the microscope unfair? arbitrary? we d like to know what you think here s what president trump had to say about his first 100 days in office: we re moving awfully well. we ve got a lot of things done. we are
"campus reform   saturday will mark donald trump s 100th day in office
"william stanford nye or bill nye is an american comedian
"bikers for trump leader chris cox spoke with fox s stuart varney regarding the shut down of ann coulter s speech at the university of california berkeley:the bikers for trump leader chris cox is now ready to take action on the university of california berkeley after conservative commentator ann coulter cancelled her speech on the campus thursday:  we are certainly not looking for a fight  we are here on the defense
"laura ingraham and sean hannity are hysterical! during an interview about free speech
"because what s funnier than tying up the lines for parents who ve lost children to violent crimes by someone who entered our country illegally? kate steinle s parents are probably not laughing.the centrepiece is a new hotline that victims can call for support and assistance. it was set up under the authority of an executive order on immigration from president trump in january.people began making clear exactly what people should not be using the line for.but others noted the hotline was launched on alien day (a yearly promotional day backed by the alien film franchise s producers).and soon
"tim poole is citizen journalist who s done some really important work exposing antifa
"typical! the new york times tries to blame conservatives for the violence totally caused by the antifa thugs. why does this not surprise us? leave it to the left to twist and turn the truth to fit their narrative.the new york times wrote:  conservatives are eagerly putting themselves into volatile situations on campuses watch this video and then tell us the conservatives are to blame   no way
"the video below is an excellent summary of what was reported by citizen journalists who attended the rally. gavin mcginnis made his announcement on twitter with a youtube video (language warning):the morons have arrived. #berkeleyprotest #deportantifa pic.twitter.com/li4pqa4zlg  the columbia bugle (@columbiabugle) april 27
"the mayor of new orleans is being evasive on who funded the removal of 4 statues in the heart of the city. he s also not responding to questions on when the remaining 3 statues will be taken down and what he plans on doing with them.who is funding the removal? shouldn t the citizens know? do the citizens of new orleans not have a say in any of this?here s the latest:new orleans   just hours after crews working for the city of new orleans removed the liberty place monument
"tucker carlson took on yvette felarca
"you remember this story
"from hanlon s piece in the new republic:rejecting campus speakers is not an assault on free speech. rather
"in fact
 
" the protesters win by scaring people into silence which is known in the law as  the heckler s veto.  when the hecklers scream so loudly
"the irony in this entire cancellation of a tradition in portland
"melanija knavs-trump was born on april 26
"the trump administration had proposed $1 billion for the wall in a spending bill
"president trump s  2017 tax reform for economic growth and american jobs  was announced today by national economic director cohn and treasury secretary mnuchin:three key things to remember (see photo below):-repeal the alternative minimum tax-reduce the top cap gains rate to 20%-repeal the so-called  death tax. tax plan reduces current 7 tax brackets to 3 and doubles standard deduction    gary cohn
"judge orrick in california ruled against president trump s effort to strip cities of federal funding if they identify themselves as sanctuary cities that harbor illegals. president trump went on a tweet storm to reply to this  egregious overreach :here we go again! another activist judge has shut down an effort by president trump to protect americans a president s #1 job!how do we know judge orrick of california is an activist? well
"here we go again! what in the world is wrong with this woman? is it her age or something like cocktails before dinner? wonder how much they paid her for that hot mess!pelosi has had her share of rants lately   here are a few of the latest: attacks trump on the border wall:house minority leader nancy pelosi was on meet the press and let out another gibberish laden response to a question. does anyone out there understand what she meant by her comments about the wall. how does it mean trump is weak if he wants a wall? twisted reasoning is all that comes from pelosi these days especially when in 2006 most prominent democrats voted to build a barrier at the border. immoral and unwise ? how is it immoral and unwise to want to protect your people? you have to understand this part of the country. there s a community going through it. attacks ivanka trump:house minority leader nancy pelosi (d.
"lou dobbs rips on speaker paul ryan because he s a do-nothing leader! as dobbs says
"laura ingraham reported to sean hannity that republican leaders don t want the border wall built and are actively working against preisdent trump one thing i know for sure
"it s a sad day in america when we allow the left to destroy american history the mayor of new orleans wanted treasured cultural monuments removed and he got what he wished for at the expense of the citizens of the city: we will no longer allow the confederacy to literally be put on a pedestal in the heart of our city.    new orleans mayor mitch landrieuthe city of new orleans removed the first of four confederate monuments this morning in an effort to appease those who believe the monuments represent racism or pretty much anything else they object to. by erasing our past
"a group called  people s action  just held their big gathering in washington
"in 2015
"do you remember the stories of bags of cash given to president karzai in afghanistan? the dod thinks it was $300 million annually on  ghost soldiers ! our government has spent $68 billion since 2002 helping afghanistan s military and security forces now president trump is asking the question that we all want to ask: where did this money go?this will make you crazy! how could the dod not check into this until recently?according to the special inspector general for afghanistan reconstruction
"here we go again! another activist judge has shut down an effort by president trump to protect americans a president s #1 job!how do we know judge orrick of california is an activist? well
"now one unlikely senator is about to put forth a bill
"nancy pelosi s latest claim is over the top:in a conference call with reporters
"the video below is from an abc news interview of obama. check out how george stephanopoulos corrects obama when obama says  my muslim faith the video is from 2008!there are many videos of obama praising islam why? you be the judge: heard the call at the break of dawn we d love to know what you think about what obama says in the videos above. i personally find this disturbing. his fundamental transformation is continuing even now. the refugee resettlement is bringing in approx. 900 muslim refugees per month. the number is much
"twisted reasoning is all that comes from pelosi these days especially when in 2006 most prominent democrats voted to build a barrier at the border.fred davis and john ladd are two arizona ranchers who were guests on fox and friends this morning. as ranchers who are living and making a living on our us-mexico border
"she s no stranger to nasty women in america who can t seem to get past their hate for her father to see that ivanka trump is a passionate advocate for women and a strong role model for working women raising a family. ivanka is an incredibly hard working woman who is very accomplished. she s everything the so-called  feminist movement  should be celebrating
"former white house press secretary josh earnest said monday that there were some  clear red lines  that would cause former president obama to speak out publicly against federal action.in an interview
"obama made wall street out to be the enemy during his presidency. he bashed them on one hand then supported them with the other speaking out of both sides of his mouth is a true talent obama has. he counts on the people to forget and forgive his misdeeds and they do. who else could get away with so many lies? remember when he called wall street every bad name in the book? fat cats?he also said
 and when it does…i think you’re going to be shaken” [listen]"
"what a shocker! a cnn panel rips on tom perez for his profanity laden speeches they turn it on trump but it s really interesting that they even questioned this so-called strategy: just in case you haven t heard perez speak:dnc chair tom perez was on msnbc (video below) to answer to critics who didn t like his nasty speech last week.he appeared at an event held by new jersey working families alliance
"thank you sean hannity for hitting back at the latest woman to claim harassment! hannity released a statement and spoke out on his show last night (video below) about blogger debbie schlussel s attempt to charge him with sexual harassment and it s dead on!sean hannity s statement: let me be clear   the comments about me on a radio show this week by this individual are 100% false and a complete fabrication.this individual is a serial harasser who has been lying about me for well over a decade. the individual has a history of making provably false statements against me in an effort to slander
"watch this video compilation where trump makes his stance on man-made global climate change very clear: as president donald trump contemplates whether to make good on his campaign promise to yank the united states out of the paris climate accord
"during a discussion about sexual harassment charges against fox news host bill o reilly
dick durbin might want to have a chat with nancy pelosi he says as long as the democrat says they re for roe v wade then they can play in the sand box with other democrats oops! nancy pelosi just said the opposite about abortion and democrats. which is it? to kill or not to kill? dick durbin:nancy pelosi:
"president trump was speaking to astronaut peggy whitson about innovations in space when he was told they drink their own urine in space. he was quick to say
"it s a sad day in new orleans cultural marxism has won the mayor of new orleans wanted treasured cultural monuments removed and he got what he wished for at the expense of the citizens of the city: we will no longer allow the confederacy to literally be put on a pedestal in the heart of our city.    new orleans mayor mitch landrieuthe city of new orleans removed the first of four confederate monuments this morning in an effort to appease those who believe the monuments represent racism or pretty much anything else they object to. by erasing our past
"house minority leader nancy pelosi was on meet the press and let out another gibberish laden response to a question. does anyone out there understand what she meant by her comments about the wall. how does it mean trump is weak if he wants a wall? twisted reasoning is all that comes from pelosi these days especially when in 2006 most prominent democrats voted to build a barrier at the border. immoral and unwise ? how is it immoral and unwise to want to protect your people? you have to understand this part of the country. there s a community going through it. what the heck happened to the 2006 border wall fence?remember the promise of a fence on our southern border? yes
"antifa member
"we ve written numerous articles on the horrible human rights  record in saudi arabia and how the u.s. keeps pushing them as arbiters of great human rights. it s very puzzling!saudi arabia is not only horrible when it comes to all human rights
 as country under siege by islamic radicals votes"
"the providence (ri) city council voted thursday to give first passage to the community safety act
"the poll below is why people shouldn t trust polls ever! always look at the sample size and breakdown of the people. are they mostly democrats? this popped up when  top news  was googled. this is fake news that even fox news is reporting today!the lead story this morning from nbc is that trump has hit  historic lows  for a president in the first 100 days false! when we looked a little closer
"judge jeanine lets it rip! she s concerned with the silencing of conservative voices in america: 
"bruce springsteen aka  the boss  is showing all of his fans just how out of touch he is with his latest song. he s been a fervent anti-trump guy and has been very outspoken against president donald trump. his new protest song refers to trump as a  con man . what a way to disrespect the leader of our nation! has bruce springsteen employed thousands of americans? it s interesting that trump just delivered one of the best ever speeches to the builders union. please watch the video provided below of what a real working man does for his crew. it s an awesome speech that totally discounts everything springsteen is trying to say to bash trump. shame on him!the 67-year-old rocker released his and joe grushecky s anti-trump song
"she burst on the scene last august when she upset a 44-year incumbent democrat in the minnesota state primary elections to become the nation s first female muslim state legislator.ilhan omar
"on the eve of the upcoming 2017 white house correspondents dinner
"hollywood actor james woods tweeted about trump s #1 fans diamond and silk today. in his tweet woods asks
"bill o reilly was dismissed overnight from fox news allegedly over allegations of sexual harassment by at least six women. was o reilly ousted from fox news over allegations made by women like the one who is already out promoting herself on tv shows like  the view 
"lauren southern is one tough reporter. she s not afraid to jump into the middle of the fire in order to get the truth out to americans who rely on unreliable leftist sources of information like nyt s
"americans were stunned when they were told the police officers were allegedly told to  stand down  and allow violent antifa and democrat rioters to attack students who came to hear schedule speaker and gay conservative milo yiannopolous at berkeley college in february. it turns out that the mayor who was accused of telling the police to stand down may have had a motive for allowing conservatives to be threatened and physically harmed. here s the description of bamn from their facebook page: bamn   coalition to defend affirmative action
"time s 100 most influential people in the world list was released
"the alleged genital mutilations were not performed by dr. nagarwala at the henry ford hospital in dearborn
 we’re coming for you!”"
"united states universities are obsessed with hiring politically correct professors through mandatory  diversity statements
 says border wall is “expression of hate”…gets destroyed by tucker [video]"
"another great move by the trump administration! they were proactive in securing the release of aya hijazi. hijazi s release was negotiated with egypt by president trump and his aides.they worked for several weeks with egyptian president abdel fatah al-sissi (pictured above) to secure the freedom of aya hijazi
"democrats are having a tough week. first their golden boy jon ossoff wasn t able to pull off an upset in the george special election to replace rep. tom price in a  red-leaning  district
"it is difficult to exaggerate the significance of fox news sacking of bill o reilly.not only was he the single most dominant public figure in america s vast conservative media environment
"the last accuser who could have been the nail in the coffin for bill o reilly spoke on the view about her sexual harassment lawsuit. perquita burgess and her lawyer were on the view for their 15 minutes of fame. attorney lisa bloom should know better than to send her client on to speak out about her allegations. lisa bloom has a track record as a high profile lawyer for cases like this she should know better but it could be that she s trying to gain sympathy for her client.please listen to the video and let us know what you think about what she said and about sexual harassment in the workplace:o reilly settled with other women over sexual harassment but how do we know if any of them has any credibility? how does a man protect himself from such charges?if this could be brought up on charges
"yes
 says trump’s win was”gut-wrenching” [video]"
"ted nugent is all smiles
 i spent days just weeping”"
"the accusations surrounding bill o reilly have been relentless. nothing has been proven but in the news business you have to be aware of every move. our litigious society will sue for any reason and that s just what this is .while appearing on his program early on in her career
"fox business news host stuart varney makes no secret about the fact that he s a huge president trump fan. he breaks into his show today so everyone can witness the signing of a bill by president trump that will give our brave veterans the ability to receive care from the private sector. this should have been done a long time ago
"here s cnn s tweet with pictures comparing obama s super bowl event to president trump s:photos on social media appear to show a difference in the new england patriots' turnout at the white house vs. 2015  pic.twitter.com/ww5mcd2mwj  cnn (@cnn) april 20
"rep. keith ellison (d-mn) said that president obama bore some of the blame for democrats  spectacular collapse in the 2016 election at an event at the university of minnesota wednesday.ellison was quick to say that he voted for every radical piece of legislature that barack obama pushed for
"the birthplace of free speech is now officially a place of oppression berkeley students came together to shut down the free speech rights of gay
"in an outdoor ceremony to celebrate the super bowl champ new england patriots
 advances…evidence of “smear campaign” by “far-left” has been uncovered"
"a disrespectful teacher at sherman jr senior high school in west virginia wore a  tuck frump  jacket during classes. a student s picture went viral.we re just wondering why this teacher wasn t fired on the spot! she s promoting her political beliefs in school and disrespecting our president with a twist on profanity. not funny and not cute no matter how short the time was that she wore the jacket her excuse doesn t fly.what say you?boone county
"it s interesting that a lighthearted moment like the one below could cause such anger and outrage from the left!rob gronkowksi popped into today s white house press briefing to ask sean spicer if he needed any help. spicer
 hollywood influence couldn’t put georgia’s 6th district democrat candidate in “win” column [video]"
"more fake news pushing a leftist agenda if you read the usa today report of juan manuel montes being deported you might believe their headline:  first protected dreamer deported under trump usa today reported tuesday that an illegal immigrant protected by barack obama s amnesty was deported in february after spending an evening with his girlfriend. however
"just when everyone thought the  crazy fat kid couldn t get any crazier! this has to be the funniest thing we ve seen in a long time don t think about asking your barber for  the kim jong un  in north korea.north koreans can choose between 15 sanctioned hairdos   none of which appear to include their leader s signature swept-back style.twitter user mika m kel inen shares an image board with 15 different snappy styles men are allowed to choose from when they visit their barber in n. korea.north korean men can choose between 15 approved haircut styles. i had the most popular one   and it's not like kim jong un. #ylemaailmalla pic.twitter.com/bvdcrgqg7r  mika m kel inen (@mikareport) april 14
" show of force the russian long-range tu-95 bear bombers breached airspace around the u.s and canada known as the alaskan air defense identification zone in which aircraft must be readily identified and report details of their course and destination. the russian bombers stayed in international airspace.the bombers flew near the aleutian islands. the russians also had maritime patrol aircraft in the vicinity.the u.s. scrambled two f-22 fighters from elmendorf air force base in anchorage
tom perez must not have taken the class about winning friends and influencing people. how can you win over voters with such bitterness and anger? the democrat party has sunk to a new low with this classless thug. who goes out there and speaks like this? we reported (see below) on the last speech perez gave and he said the same nasty things. what gives? are the deems so desperate that they re now resorting to profanity-filled speeches that make false claims about republicans and president trump? we think it s a losing strategy!perez has a long radical history connected to la raza and other open borders organizations. his track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of america. anyone who s a democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for dem chair.he just fired all democrat party staffers and is bringing in all new people. the party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any american. donald trump didn t win 
"the setting for this episode is yale university
"mi
"sandy springs
"a united nations employee was busted for robbing four manhattan banks   all during his lunch hour
"radical democratic chair tom perez was being interviewed by msnbc s joy reid about what democrats need to do to ensure they win more seats in congress. joy reid asked her viewers
enjoy:
"yesterday
 after using easter speech to brag about all of their accomplishments [video]"
"is it simply pandering for votes
 democrats
"watch well-organized anti-trump terrorists pull individual trump supporters into their crowd
"a conservation group and democrat congressman have filed a lawsuit to demanding an environmental study is performed before   construction of trump s wall on the border between the us and mexico. biologist jeff corwin paid a visit to msnbc to breathlessly warn viewers about the dangers of the wall president trump plans to build on the texas-mexico border national security purposes. he warned viewers of the  unprecedented environmental catastrophic  consequences trump s wall on wildlife. the msnbc host responds to his highly dramatic warning by asking drama queen jeff crowin
 ohio lunatic shooting randomly…one confirmed dead [video]"
 come legally” [video]"
"the berkeley
 hey
"pepsi got hammered by just about everyone for their lame attempt at glamorizing anti-trump and black lives matter violent protesters in an ad campaign with kendall jenner that made protesters look like they popped off the pages of a j. crew magazine for a party/protest.here s the pepsi ad:the marketing team for pepsi really needs to review the actual footage of these violent antifa and soros-funded democrat thugs
"watch these two stunning interviews
"war veteran johnny  joey  jones praised president trump for dropping the  mother of all bombs  on isis
"in a rare move
"first lady melania trump visits homesafe
"the secret service fired two uniformed division officers who were involved in the march 10th intrusion when jonathan tran jumped the white house fence and wandered the grounds for 16 minutes
"the big question this year for the white house easter egg roll is whether white house press scretary will show up as the easter bunny. a little known fact and tradition has been that spicer is the easter bunny! what a guy! who knew that the guy who dressed in the bunny costume would one day be the 45th president s press secretary 15 surprising facts about the white house easter egg roll:while the long-established custom of rolling eggs on the historic grounds has practically become a rite of passage for those who observe easter
"discussion in america has been officially hijacked by the unhinged left and is supported by radicals with deep pockets we know you re thinking george soros but there are more men with tons of money to support this effort to  fundamentally change  america. tom stayer
"during obama s 8 years in office
"you ll never guess which mainstream tv network is right around the corner from this operation! illegal  refugees  are flooding the 49th parallel from all over america to illegally cross into canada. according to rebel media s report
"it s been a bumpy pr ride for united airlines
"huma abedin is ready to tell all   for a cool $2 million. a nice pay day for a side kick to one of the most corrupt political families in american history. the problem is she ll not tell all but tell what she wants to tell. it ll be a woe is me tale of marital infidelity. her perv husband anthony weiner will be her co-star in this tale of woe gag! does anyone really want to rehash the disgusting behavior of this former congressman who was caught fooling around and sexting while he was watching his son. ewww!what we really want to hear about from abedin we know she won t tell us because she probably should be on the stand to tell of the corruption with the clintons.  because of this
"this is rich! lois lerner wants her testimony in an upcoming class-action case to remain sealed. the former irs official is accused of targeting hundreds of groups due to their conservative beliefs. this is all happening at the same time republicans just filed charges against lerner (see below)the washington times reported:former irs senior executive lois g. lerner told a federal court this week that she faces the possibility of death threats if her role in the tax agency s tea party-targeting becomes public
"the notoriously violent ms-13 street gang
" tmz published a staged promotional photo of chelsea clinton and her husband  taking a stroll  with this gag-worthy caption:chelsea clinton gets lost in bae s eyeschelsea clinton staring at bae likechelsea clinton s smile says it all   get yourself someone who looks at you the way her hubby does.the former first daughter couldn t hide her colgate smile while getting lost in her husband marc mezvinsky s eyes as they took a stroll to the lincoln center thursday in nyc. #adorbsit s soooo obvious that the clintons keep pushing this couple out there to promote chelsea for some sort of political office. it s truly laughable because every time she s on social media she gets hammered! she just doesn t have the  it factor  and the comments below should be proof of that harsh! chelsea hasn t had much luck on twitter either. every tweet is met with a blow back from someone who actually has a memory of all of the clinton crime families misdeeds: conservative talk radio host dana loesch reminded chelsea clinton on thursday that her mother
"president trump just signed a law overturning a last-minute obama-era regulation forcing states to fund planned parenthood
"who knew former cnn anchor piers morgan would criticize msnbc s chris matthews! matthews keeps comparing the trump family to the former royal family of russia the romanovs.it s not just one passing comment but several! the russian royal family lived a lavish life before being lined up and shot by the incoming communists. it s a horrific story and matthews keeps comparing the trumps to the tragic royal family. liberal lunacy!morgan ripped into the lunacy of the matthews theory about trump:  we re expected to believe that donald trump and vladimir putin get together
"here s the original post by the washington post:it s now illegal in russia to share an image of putin as a gay clown   washington post (@washingtonpost) april 5
"here s the original post by the washington post:it s now illegal in russia to share an image of putin as a gay clown   washington post (@washingtonpost) april 5
"is disney officially admitting they re in the business of indoctrinating our children to become good little progressives? for anyone who says this book has nothing to do with disney or their philosophy
 mi hospital arrested
"when will government officials who allowed this nightmare to grow like a cancer in sweden be held accountable? breitbart  two asylum seekers who are on trial for raping a swedish girl and streaming the ordeal live on facebook will not face deportation back to their home countries.the asylum seekers directly involved in the rape
 mi mayor forced to remove “sanctuary city” status after mi residents hammer him for arrogant announcement on tucker carlson [video]"
"peace through strength president reagan showed president trump the way had a very good call last night with the president of china concerning the menace of north korea
"the failed presidential candidate attacked her aides with a  potent mix of exhaustion and exasperation  after the embarrassing loss to her rival bernie sanders in march last year.clinton s top staff said she was  visibly
did you hear about the reporter who was scolded by the russian foreign minister for being rude during a protocol meeting? it was all over the news this afternoon but the identity of the rude reporter wasn t known until now you ll love this!the russian foreign minister sergei lavrov scolded andrea mitchell today when she yelled a question to rex tillerson it really was a priceless moment for all of us who know what a political hack this woman is. she slobbered all over hillary clinton during the 2016 campaign. it was very obvious that she really wanted and expected hillary clinton to win the election. this is truly priceless! who brought you up? who taught you manners?    russian fma different vantage point: so funny!seems she s a serial offender:
 i’m not going…i’m staying right here…i tell you…make a lawsuit against united airlines”"
"embattled fox news host bill o reilly announced on tuesday that he will be going off the air for almost two weeks
"border patrol council president brandon judd was  on varney and co. this morning after news hit that paul ryan would cave and not put funding for the border wall in the budget this year. he wasn t too happy about this news.paul ryan and the washington establishment continue to put up roadblocks to the trump agenda. this is outrageous!the strange thing is that there are reports that the wall will begin in san diego and that construction is set to start: president trump s proposed wall with mexico will kick off in the san diego border community of otay mesa
"is it possible the  good  dr. dao was simply setting himself up to be the benefactor of a massive lawsuit against united airlines?  you be the judge first underreported fact:initially
"notre dame students are freaking out over vice president pence s planned commencement speech. once again
"melania trump just accepted damages of approximately $3 million  from daily mail after they published a smut article claiming she prostituted herself during her modeling career. the  false and defamatory claims  got the left-leaning tabloid in hot water when they couldn t produce evidence.the daily mail has been anti-trump from the beginning. they often publish inflammatory and false articles on trump
"a german artist is in a whole heap of trouble. is this artist so oblivious to how muslims feel about this? she says it s  funny . yikes! run for the hills lady!despite describing her latest work as being apolitical
"a belgian psychologist and mother-of-one who worked with asylum seekers facing deportation has been named as the latest victim of friday s jihadi atrocity in stockholm.males dereymaeker
"remember when valerie jarrett signed with a hollywood talent agency? well
"salisbury city councilwoman april jackson posted a facebook status last thursday proclaiming that president trump is  retarded. ya lls president is retarded ..he s far pass the holly center
"a texas federal judge appointed by obama has again rejected the 2011 texas voter id law
"justice ruth bader ginsburg erroneously labeled south carolina sen. lindsey graham as one of the  women of the senate  on monday.ginsburg s misstatement came in her remarks upon accepting an allegheny college award given to her and the late justice antonin scalia for civility in public life. hours after justice neil gorsuch was sworn in to replace scalia
"this is very curious! the ap is reporting a story from a  senior u.s. official  on russia s involvement in the syria gas attack. this official is saying that the we have evidence that russia knew about the chemical weapon attack before it happened. this associated press report is interesting for a couple of reasons. is the release of this information by a senior u.s. official an effort to embarrass rex tillerson or cause trouble for his trip to russia?tillerson will be in russia in 36 hours so this will only add to the tension. could this actually be the strategy of the trump administration to give the upper hand to the u.s.?washington (ap)   a senior u.s. official says the united states has concluded that russia knew in advance of syria s chemical weapons attack last week.the official says a russian-operated drone flew over a hospital in syria as victims of the attack were rushing to get treatment.hours after the drone left
"between hollywood and our elected officials
 two others"
"who says president trump isn t moving on his agenda? neil gorsuch became the 113th justice of the supreme court today! be happy america! our president chose a perfect candidate to replace justic scalia.now if we can just get ruth to step down that would be great! she s hanging on for dear life because she knows trump will pick someone who s not a liberal hack. it s puzzling that she even made it on the court because of her very liberal views! she s an outspoken critic of president trump and has recently spoken out on his immigration policy.gorsuch took the constitutional oath in a private ceremony
"the syrian refugee who shocked cnn was on fox & friends to explain his position on the us and syria relations under obama: president obama destroyed the image of the united states in syria and all over the world. the united states always had a moral higher ground from all other nations
 war-hawk john mccain blames president trump for syrian chemical attack [video]"
"but o donnell told joy reid on msnbc s  am joy  on sunday that if they sue walsh
"neil m. gorsuch joins the supreme court just in time to cast potentially significant votes in cases that pit religious liberty against gay rights
"the comments on her facebook page are praising the attacks. it s a plethora of alahu akbars. unbelievable!this woman has over 1 million followers on facebook!translated from arabic   she praises the tactics of the suicide bombers: video bombing from another angle.. doesn t show the officer embrace (suicide)the detonation centre mainly inside away from the gate of the metal detector and explosives!! (halfway through the second 17)suicide s alleged decided to blow himself up in the 2 security officials veiled and undo blast inside the church.. in addition to high morals to go through the gate of explosive explosive detection.. obviously
"the truth about the air strike on syria.share:  pic.twitter.com/eoejpeb5w7  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) april 8
"wisconsin police were widening their hunt saturday for a 32-year-old man who allegedly burglarized a gun store after mailing an anti-government manifesto to president donald trump.joseph jakubowski has been on the run since tuesday
"this is so ironic! crazed leftists with an anti-trump agenda had a hard time relating to reason from a syrian refugee who actually has skin in the game. they claim to be speaking to protect this guy and other syrians
"omarosa manigault
"conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of seth rich. they reached a new frenzy after the hacking of dnc e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman
"have these two been watching the news?the russian president has immediately sent his admiral grigorovich frigate   armed with cruise missiles and a self-defence system   from the black sea to dock in syria later. it will pass through the east mediterranean waters where the uss ross and uss porter fired the 59 tomahawk missiles that pounded assad s al-shayrat military airfield near homs in the early hours of friday. bret baier tweeted out the news: putin today called it an  illegal act of aggression  and also ripped up an agreement to avoid mid-air clashes between russian and us fighter jets over syria. in the continuing fight back russian or syrian planes also bombed the town of khan sheikhoun
"this is by far the funniest video i've ever seen showing wh reporters behaving like kindergartners. lmao #flashbackfriday pic.twitter.com/x9po7oonog    cris   (@thepatriot143) april 7
"to set up the attack on trump
"in 2013
"dr. ben carson just found over $500 billion missing in an audit of hud: link to hud reportthe last paragraph of the report says it all:hud management is downplaying the severity of the condition and impact of the errors identified
"watch:good thing we don't have govt-controlled media in this country pic.twitter.com/flkt9lqza6  adam h. johnson (@adamjohnsonnyc) april 7
"the russian president has immediately sent his admiral grigorovich frigate   armed with cruise missiles and a self-defence system   from the black sea to dock in syria later. it will pass through the east mediterranean waters where the uss ross and uss porter fired the 59 tomahawk missiles that pounded assad s al-shayrat military airfield near homs in the early hours of friday. bret baier tweeted out the news: putin today called it an  illegal act of aggression  and also ripped up an agreement to avoid mid-air clashes between russian and us fighter jets over syria. in the continuing fight back russian or syrian planes also bombed the town of khan sheikhoun
" everyone knows not to talk to her in the white house unless you want to see it in the press
"the world is going to need to make some major adjustments now that the apologists have left the white house sec of state rex tillerson on chemical weapons attack on syrians:  well obviously
"a producer at the women in the world event had an awkward moment on thursday night when he was caught in the spotlight while leading hillary clinton onto the stage.the backstage producer could be seen with his hand on clinton s back leading her onto the stage and pointing her in which direction to walk to get to her position.hillary gingerly walking across the stage to greet samantha bee
 
"president donald trump and first lady melania trump officially welcomed chinese president xi jinping and his wife
"klayman discusses complaint against rep. adam schiff for obstruction of justice & ethics violations several leftwing activist groups have filed accusations against me with the office of congressional ethics. despite the baselessness of the charges
the weaponization of the security services is what you expect in a banana republic and a police state or authoritarian state. and let s just look into one more piece of evidence. these individuals are politically appointed. i am politically appointed. i served as a commissioned officer of the president. so did she. we understand that. but you re supposed to be a professional i challenge your viewers right now to go to her twitter feed and read her tweets after january 20th and read her colleagues  ben rhodes and colin kahl. you will see who these people really are just three weeks ago colin kahl used the word purge purging is the kind of word maoists use. these people have unmasked themselves purge susan rice and her cronies only want to destroy the trump administration. maoists all 
"here are a few facts:sexual violence in germany has reached epidemic proportions since chancellor angela merkel allowed into the country more than one million mostly male migrants from africa
 michelle obama…but we have pictures that tell a different story"
 his car
"what s better than a president who s a builder speaking to builders and construction workers. in president trump s speech he calls out people by name pretty great! he knows business and building. we re in good hands america!transcript: i want to thank sean mcgarvey and the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me with this great invitation. and i love that it s in washington
 but the fact is…” [video]"
"what do you think? we d like to know!watch: susan rice insists  i leaked nothing to nobody    msnbc (@msnbc) april 4
"dick durbin:  well andrea
"breaking: in un
"a muslim teenager from new jersey was accepted to the prestigious stanford university after he wrote  #blacklivesmatter  a hundred times on his college application.ziad ahmed
"watch the fascinating analysis of rice s body language here:the latest news from the daily caller proves that susan rice was lying in her pbs interview:former president barack obama s national security adviser susan rice ordered u.s. spy agencies to produce  detailed spreadsheets  of legal phone calls involving donald trump and his aides when he was running for president
"dems
"watch: susan rice insists  i leaked nothing to nobody    msnbc (@msnbc) april 4
"with senate republicans poised to use the  nuclear option  to confirm supreme court nominee neil gorsuch
"dnc chair tom perez was on msnbc (video below) to answer to critics who didn t like his nasty speech last week.he appeared at an event held by new jersey working families alliance
"the most laughable  news  network in america just proved how unreliable they are when it comes to honestly covering the news. cnn s leftist propagandist host don lemon actually told viewers they would not be covering the most important story in the news because fake news publication  the washington post  says
"during her tuesday interview with msnbc s andrea mitchell
"here s a special public service announcement created to silence the angry
"while obama hangs out in tahiti
"judge napolitano explains what s going on as only he can do   he does a great job! the senate has a rule they can force the senate to raise the majority to 60 that s called a filibuster.  napolitano goes on the explain that the dems are furious because obama s pick for the court wasn t given his day. they also obviously feel gorsuch is too conservative. the hypocrisy of the democrats and chuck schumer is exposed when a video of past approval for gorsuch is shown. schumer
 of course i do” [video]"
"ambassador john bolton was on lou dobbs tonight to comment on the susan rice news. it s being reported that she called for the unmasking of names for likely political reasons. if that s the case then she can be charged with fraud she should lawyer up asap. reports are showing that the unmasking and spying increased as it came closer to trump s inauguration. that could be the clue that this was stricly political. who can forget her lies on 5 different morning shows after benghazi. she s clearly someone who has zero credibility and who should be investigated for using intelligence for political purposes. throw her in the slammer or give her immunity and make her talk?john bolton    this is stunning news. and you can t
"according to court records
"intelligence sources said the logs discovered by national security council staff suggested rice s interest in the nsa materials
"a pair of high school students who take classes at suny oswego via a specialized program are upset at an assignment their  principles of literary representation  class received: defend hitler s final solution.citi/boces new vision program teacher michael denobile handed out a  top secret memorandum  to the class  addressed to senior nazi party members.  it asked students  to put themselves in the shoes of adolf hitler s top aides
"watch these hilarious examples of cnn having reckless disregard for facts when they interview a fake police chief
"zinke and brandyburg accompanied spicer to the podium on monday   where the white house press secretary announced that president donald trump was donating the salary from his entire first quarter as president to the national parks service. it is my pleasure
"from the white house website:first lady of the united states melania trump is the wife of president donald j. trump
"white house lawyers last month learned that the former national security adviser susan rice requested the identities of u.s. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the donald trump transition and campaign
"fox news alert: new details on @adamhousley s report; sources telling him the official who  unmasked  trump associates is  very high up  pic.twitter.com/nowhuiidsb  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) april 3
" a lot of this election was turned by white
" last week the commerce department released its third revision for fourth-quarter 2016 gross domestic product. the number came in at a paltry 2.1 percent
 
"as father and son comedy writers and liberal activists carl reiner and rob reiner appeared as guests on friday s tavis smiley show on pbs
"evelyn farkas:  ..dark campaign of fake news you know that s still ongoing. we see um even someone like myself get swept up in all of this you know when people like me are speaking on behalf of process
"when a group of imams tried to bring a form of  shariah light  to texas
" gchq director robert hannigan is stepping down after only two years as chief of the cyber spy agency for  personal reasons
"assuming all republicans support gorsuch
"ridiculous! sen. schumer on gorsuch nominee:  when a nominee doesn t get 60 votes
" all of the real evidence of real money and real influence buying by the russians relates to democrats.    newt gingrich leave it to newt to cut through all of the bs! .@newtgingrich: ""all of the real evidence of real money and real influence buying by the russians relates to democrats."" #sundayfutures pic.twitter.com/niwt9blrzj  fox news (@foxnews) april 2
"watch my #openingstatment   pic.twitter.com/qpkzw7ehiu  jeanine pirro (@judgejeanine) april 2
" sen. bernard sanders told cnn thursday that president trump s plan to prioritize job creation over climate change regulations is  stupid and dangerous.  the commander in chief signed an  energy independence  executive order tuesday as a means of rolling back former president barack obama s clean power plan. mr. trump said his policies will cause  wealth to pour into our communities
"trump compared the ongoing narrative to the same predictions during the election that turned out to be false. it is the same fake news media that said there is  no path to victory for trump  that is now pushing the phony russia story
 
"confusing different policies and different ideologies defines the modern democratic party whether it s on domestic or foreign policy
"thirteen reasons to declare muslim brotherhood a terrorist organization here s reason number 1   please go to the link above for the complete list1. the motto and logo of the muslim brotherhood speak for themselves. the motto is  allah is our objective. the prophet is our leader. the qur an is our law. jihad is our way. dying in the way of allah is our highest hope. [allah is greater!].  the logo includes crossed swords and the quran emblazoned across the earth. below the swords is the arabic word for  prepare
"mary anne marsh
"russia gave john podesta 35 millions dollars (1 billion rubles) while he advised hillary clinton and barack obama. pic.twitter.com/cf042xzleu  based vet   (@basedvet) march 28
 
fox news  adam housley just came out with a great report (video below) that totally vindicates intel chair devin nunes in the investigation into spying and unmasking names of trump and trump staff. watch the video below but here are a few highlights with tweets from housley included:here are a few of the highlights:1. the surveillance that led to the unmasking started way before trump was the gop nominee2. the person who did the unmasking is very high up in the intelligence world and is not in the fbi 3. the people reported by the ny times were not nunes sources. they only helped him navigate the intelligence4. nunes was told about the unmasking of trump s team back in january before trump s tweet about obama s spying. 5. it took a while to coordinate nunes seeing the intelligence reports in order to protect his source. they chose the white house because it was the only other location they could view the reporting without outing the source. 6. none of this has anything to do with russia. via: the right scoop
" senators have a constitutional obligation to advice and consent on a nominee to fill this supreme court vacancy and
"want a free cup of coffee? starbucks has got you covered.all you have to do is drink it while talking to someone you disagree with. that s the premise behind the coffee behemoth s collaboration with harvard business school startup  hi from the other side here s how it works: users can sign up for the app via facebook and are then paired with someone nearby who identifies with the opposing political party. each user then receives half of the information necessary to unlock a starbucks gift card. then
 close friend of reince preibus
"a drexel university professor   who said he wanted to  vomit  after he saw an airline passenger give their first-class seat to a u.s. soldier   engaged in a heated debate tonight with tucker carlson.watch: george ciccariello-maher argued that it s  irresponsible  to blindly support wars that lead to the deaths of americans and foreign civilians
 
" a society can be judged by how it deals with its most vulnerable: the aged
 
"in recent weeks

"two new jersey mothers appeared on the tucker carlson show to explain why they re upset about islamic propaganda being taught at their sons  chatam
"fbi director james comey wanted to go public with information about russia s interference in the 2016 election as early as last summer but was reportedly barred from doing so by the obama administration.according to newsweek sources
"the funny thing is
"the arizona republican s verbal put-down of dictator kim jong un earlier this month    this crazy fat kid    was met with a stiff
"comey would likely have pitched the op-ed to the new york times.democrats on intel committee continue their assertion of russian  meddling  when there was zero evidence of it:the question of collusion between russian interests and trump s campaign continues
"as his presidency drew to a close
"a long-time aide to hillary clinton sought to map out her funeral   and bill clinton s   in 2010 because  planning is best done when they are still with us
"our previous report on judge napolitan s claim about spying on trump: judge napolitano was on fox & friends this morning discussing the obama administration s efforts to spy on donald trump. three intel sources have disclosed to the network that obama went to british intelligence to get the goods on trump
"accidents are bound to happen when democrats become so comfortable with their allies in the liberal media that they forget they re on tv
"trump commented about it during the reception: hopefully it ll start being bipartisan. because everybody really wants the same thing: we want greatness for this country that we love chuck schumer was at the event with a smirk on his face peach of a guy
"it happened around 9:30 a.m. at the 100 block of independence ave.
"tucker to sanctuary city supporter: how did a law professor from nyc end up the spokesman for big employers who exploit low-wage labor? pic.twitter.com/aax6iwdcxm  tucker carlson (@tuckercarlson) march 29
"sen. dick durbin (d.
"the woman in the video isn t swedish
"hillary clinton criticized white house press secretary sean spicer and fox news host bill o reilly for comments each of them made about a prominent liberal woman on tuesday.in an appearance on  fox and friends  tuesday morning
 
 
"maxine is the worst enemy of the black community and americans! she needs the struggle to continue so she can be reelected. wouldn t it be dangerous to her reelection if donald trump was successful at helping the black community? the fear mongering is how she gets reelected! remember the housing crisis? maxine was responsible for much of the crash in housing yet she s never taken responsibility for it. she and barnie frank pushed and pushed to get home loans for people who should have never owned a home! the black community should run this woman out of town! in the period 1989-2008
 jared kushner to saddam hussein’s murderous
"a press release by bernards township
"freedom daily   the wounded warrior project (wwp) has been helping injured veterans since its inception in 2003
"question: how do you see the future of russian-us diplomatic relations in the context of the current atmosphere in washington? can you confirm that secretary of state rex tillerson will come to moscow in april?maria zakharova: apparently
" effective as of december 31
".@rep_devinnunes:  i m sure that @thedemocrats do want me to quit because they know i m quite effective at getting to the bottom of things.  pic.twitter.com/q8rfnflhzc  fox news (@foxnews) march 28
 woman punched in head
"things got tense sunday on 60 minutes as cbs evening news anchor scott pelley squared off with prominent trump supporter mike cernovich.as part of a segment on fake news
we have to agree that this one is actually pretty good a rare bright spot on snl!
000 a night! [video]"
000 refugees…questioned why schultz ignored obama’s travel ban [video]"
" it will bring back manufacturing jobs across the country
"president obama s white house press secretary spokes liar josh earnest has joined nbc news as a political analyst.nbc announced the addition of obama s spokesliar to their lineup in a memo form nbc news president noah oppenheim and msnbc president phil griffin:we are pleased to announce that josh earnest will join nbc news and msnbc as a political analyst. as you may have seen
 
 
 

"if you want to call me a hack

 
 
"trump is off and running now
 
"this picture is representative of the violence americans witnessed last year after former president obama made it clear (through his silence) to americans and to illegal aliens that it was acceptable to violently attack american citizens who held an opposing political view:this picture represents a post-obama america
" donald trump wanted to win
 
 
"senator elizabeth warren took to twitter to cheer the failure of the republicans first attempt at replacing the disastrous obamacare. she went on to lie to her followers saying she wasn t doing a  touchdown dance  as long as  the gop is still hell-bent on rigging the system for the rich and powerful. but i'm not doing a touchdown dance today. not when the gop is still hell-bent on rigging the system for the rich & powerful.  elizabeth warren (@senwarren) march 24
"in light of republican failure to pass the american health care act
 as masked antifa cowards wage war on trump supporters [video]"
"the huntington beach
 
"if the us department of state had been preparing for a 120-day pause to begin on march 16th
 
 
 
"new mexico led all states with 72 percent of the babies born there in 2015 having their births covered by medicaid.arkansas ranked second with 67 percent; louisiana ranked third with 65 percent; and three states mississippi
".@rosadelauro:  what does the gop stand for?  get old people.  that s what this bill does.  pic.twitter.com/9ekkg0nr5i  fox news (@foxnews) march 24
this video should rock every advocate of  free speech  to the core. is there a social media platform that isn t silencing the voice of conservatives?watch:
 
"karma it seems to be biting a lot of anti-trump libs pretty hard in the a*s lately a movie is in the works about hillary clinton and her amazing  criminal life
" i strongly believe we must do everything in our power to protect the rights guaranteed to all americans
 convicted palestinian terrorist stripped of u.s. citizenship…will be deported"
"speaker ryan:  we were on the cusp of achieving an ambition that we've all had for 7 years and we came a little short. we were close."" pic.twitter.com/o8vzsmi582  abc news (@abc) march 24
 


 
"republican congressional investigators expect a potential  smoking gun  establishing that the obama administration spied on the trump transition team
 
 another woman"
" i would love to see 237 votes on the house side  we are not there at this particular point
 
"the terrorist who killed three people and injured dozens in westminster on wednesday was a married 52-year-old living with his family in an inner city suburb of birmingham
read more:wt
 knives drives into busy shopping area at high speed [video]"
"the london terror attack was a horrific scene with injured bodies strewn everywhere after a vehicle plowed into pedestrians on the westminster bridge. while some simply walked by bodies on the street
the complete list is at the link above but these are the biggest offenders as you can see by the numbers: 

"nunes dropped a bombshell that obama admin spied on trump.london attack claimed lives of 5 people. wounded 40.meanwhile on cnn:  you thought this was a joke
 
"ben sasse asked supreme court nominee neil gorsuch what role does the declaration of independence play in interpreting the constitution?gorsuch
"freedom watch: fbi director comey lied to house intelligence committee about surveillance of trumpnunes pic.twitter.com/zzjjpdaivn  pamela moore (@pamela_moore13) march 22
000 british muslims downloaded a terrorist magazine last year…these people are waging war on us!” [video]"
 
 
"house intelligence committee chairman rep. devin nunes (r.
"it s a shame megyn kelly believed she had launch an attack at then candidate trump during his first debate in order to score points with the  feminist  crowd. she was the smart darling of conservatives until she crossed fox news viewers with her embarrassing and relentless attacks on donald trump during his campaign. there aren t too many conservatives who really care where she ends up
"mere months after being on the receiving end of one of the most stunning losses in presidential election history
"fox news  neil cavuto asked senator rand paul if he believed surveillance was used against the trump campaign. rand replied to cavuto by saying they already have evidence that surveillance of the campaign took place
 
"very interesting there s truth to president trump s claim that his iconic midtown skyscraper was wiretapped during the obama administration   only trump wasn t the target.the fbi listened in on phone conversations and monitored text messages for two years ending in 2013 while probing a sports-betting and money-laundering ring tied to the russian mob that operated out of a swanky pad in trump tower
"secret service personnel removed the alarm sensors along an area of fence line when the agency raised its height in response to previous fence-jumping incidents as a way to make it harder to scale. ironically
700 opinions over the last 10 years.” [video]"
"tom hanks
"professor olga cox
"could it be that expert bomb maker ibrahim al-asiri is trying to use an electronic device to take down a jet?ibrahim al-asiri has a long track record of bombing including trying to blow up a detroit-bound jet using explosives in underwear. remember that? the underwear bomber was thankfully caught but these people are constantly trying to discover new ways to terrorize people.advanced bomb-making techniques
"president @realdonaldtrump:  i inherited a mess. it s a mess.   pic.twitter.com/fnropdah8a  fox news (@foxnews) february 16
 
"conservative media company the blaze has suspended political commentator tomi lahren
 says she’s always been “pro-choice”…oops!…video emerges of lahren calling pro-choicer’s “straight up baby killers” only 3 months ago"
 
 
" with respect to the president s tweets about alleged wiretapping directed at him by the prior administration
"russians didn t hack any votes. period. #comeyhearing pic.twitter.com/yz6c76frz1  tennessee (@ten_gop) march 20
"eric trump
"a menacing donald trump is gazing down on phoenix s grand avenue.the president is flanked by mushroom clouds and swastikas configured like dollar signs. i think a lot of people are feeling this way and i m just trying to express what i think is on a lot of people s minds these days
 it would’ve been upheld [video]"
"whether from incompetence or malice
000 refugees backfires"
 liberal tourists not happy! american spring breakers chant “build that wall!” in cancun
"enough is enough. americans need to start making business owners and their employees pay up for discriminating against them simply because they dare to show their support for our president. good for this trump supporter for fighting back against the intolerant left. a lot of americans would be happy to contribute to his legal defense bartenders at a west village hot spot served up discrimination   with a liberal twist   refusing to serve a customer because he was wearing a  make america great again  hat
 liberal elites’ [video]"
"below is the comment in red that moveon.org put up before the video. notice how they say nothing about the budget but just state that the program helps people. they re clearly fear mongering with vague information and no facts. if you would like to go to the post on facebook and hammer them with the statement below that s directly from meals on wheels
"a judge has refused to toss out a federal lawsuit against the city of san jose
 cut
"jimmy kimmel started out his interview with guest comedian tim allen on the late show thursday night by asking him if he went to trump s inauguration. allen seemed a bit taken back by kimmel s  opening question that put him on the defense
000 jobs for vets after meeting with president trump"
"the mainstream media is clearly a leftist clique united against the trump administration. on thursday
 democrats
"during a meeting of the welsh members of the parliament
 
"msnbc host asks congressman ted leiu
 
 
"here s what politico s headline today looked like:here s what the leftist anti-american rag politico had to say about angela merkel s visit to the us to meet with our new president donald trump: this time the media hype surrounding a white house meeting is no wild exaggeration. when president donald trump and german chancellor angela merkel finally get together on friday
"barack obama and the democrat party were laser focused on opening the immigrant floodgates for 8 years. they re the first ones to cry when president trump mentions budget cuts to schools and programs for the elderly
" well
"veteran democratic operative donna brazile finally admitted that she used her former position as a cnn commentator to relay questions ahead of debates to hillary clinton during the democratic primary.for months
"trump to merkel on obama s wiretapping  at least we have something in common   pic.twitter.com/5bzta5kx52  wikileaks (@wikileaks) march 17
"a warning shot has been fired at north korea by the trump administration. there s a new sheriff in town and north korea s crazy little dictator may need to rethink his antagonistic behavior. he may be poking the wrong tiger secretary of state rex tillerson said friday it may be necessary to take pre-emptive military action against north korea if the threat from their weapons program reaches a level  that we believe requires action. tillerson outlined a tougher strategy to confront north korea s nuclear threat after visiting the world s most heavily armed border near the tense buffer zone between the rival koreas. he also closed the door on talks with pyongyang unless it denuclearizes and gives up its weapons of mass destruction.  chicago tribunethe us navy seal team that killed osama bin laden is reportedly set to join military training drills against north korea for the first time.along with other elite us units including the army rangers
"a laptop computer containing floor plans for trump tower
 
"after school satan club allowed by school district is your district next?the classification is offered to charitable
"the blood is on deblasio s hands! career criminals are walking the streets with a violent history and  sealed  arrest records. that is proof that the administration is not doing what is best for the civilian population. is he an illegal being protected by politicians who support sanctuary cities?this mother of 5 deserves answers:  the body of fdny emt yadira arroyo being carried into the medical examiner s office by fellow fdny emt s:the body of fdny emt yadira arroyo being carried into the medical examiner office by fellow fdny emt s. pic.twitter.com/hwxgu2mvt0  bmr breaking news (@bmrbreakingnews) march 17
"with a growing number of muslim refugees and immigrants living in america who are strict adherents of sharia law
this isn t the first time pelosi has lost it in front of the mic:

"a russian bank has reported to u.s. authorities that mysterious communications resumed recently between one of its computers and an email server tied to president trump s business empire
’ ‘a little bit unhinged’ [video]"
 you will die!” [video]"
"the fear mongering washington post gives you a bleeding heart story that should outrage you because not one illegal was interviewed for this story! they even changed the title to be even more alarming: this is the first title:  here s the second scarier title: the washington post even admits they have no first hand interviews with illegals who are afraid:the evidence is still anecdotal   and the washington post was unable to speak directly with immigrants who chose to cancel their snap benefits.luisa fortin sometimes sits up at night
 leftist propaganda public broadcasting corp."
"in any case
"president trump visited michigan to promote the auto industry and jobs. while he was at willow run
"activist judges are killing america! the judge in hawaii who just blocked president trump s executive order is wrong on his decision but who cares about the law when you re an activist  derrick kahala watson graduated from harvard with obama and is an obama-appointed judge. what s even crazier is that obama was just spotted in hawaiithe local news had a short comment on obama s  surprise  visit:coming off a string of high-profile meetings
"just two years ago
 
"michigan born and raised rock phenom kid rock is a big fan of president trump and he s not afraid to admit it. i m proud to say robert ritchie
"so rachel
 preaches equality [video]"
"is van jones on trump s payroll yet or is he just tired of being on the party of losers? van jones appeared on cnn s anderson cooper show last night and mocked the ridiculous attempt by rabid leftist msnbc host rachel maddow to embarrass president trump as part of her jihad on the president.after laughing about all the hype
 shut up!” [video]"
 
"here s maddow s tweet announcing her  bombshell  revelation on her show:breaking: we've got trump tax returns. tonight
 after she announces bombshell release of trump taxes on tonight’s show"
 you might want to rethink that felony."
"when you bring #nevertrumper @greggutfeld on-board the #trumptrain
"two weeks ago at middlebury college
 
 
"judge napolitano was on fox & friends this morning discussing the obama administration s efforts to spy on donald trump. three intel sources have disclosed to the network that obama went to british intelligence to get the goods on trump
 
 not in the future”"
the video takes a few seconds to load   if you see a black box it s just loading  
 
"president trump s administration has told the state department to cut more than 50 percent of u.s. funding to united nations programs
"fox news  catherine herridge exposes the dirty tactics of barack obama and his secretive efforts to undermine president trump no ex-potus in 100 yrs has set up a #shadowgovernment & gone to such length to undermine his successor #obamagate #arrestobama #vault7 pic.twitter.com/dujnd1xxei  brian fraser (@bfraser747) march 12
watch the hypocrisy in action:
 
 obama-fanboy snoop dogg uses gun to assassinate president trump in new video"
 
"kellyanne conway responded to a new york times article that actually claimed conway is being unfairly attacked by the media because she s a woman. during the interview with howard kurtz of fox news
"(from cnn) new video captured hours before michael brown was killed shows the 18-year-old exchanging marijuana for cigarillos with the clerks of a ferguson
027 “refugees” in 5 months: why are we taking “refugees” from places on this list?"
read more: daily mail
"the social media director for trump called them out on it:now we have the washington post accepting a videotape from crazy environmentalists who carved six feet tall letters into the 5th green on trump s golf course. they were so proud of their vandalism that they gave details to the post of how long it took to vandalize the property.when i went to the article to read it
 
 outspoken geert wilders is being called “the dutch trump”…why his plan to de-islamize the netherlands is resonating with voters"
"watch:flashback: when bill clinton had 93 out of 94 u.s. attorneys fired in one day. cnn didn t say a word..#peoplepower  preet bharara  pic.twitter.com/elupjy42mk  tennessee (@ten_gop) march 12
" farmers and ranchers are being run off their own property by armed terrorists  in texas
 
 
 so what?’ [video]"
 protest
"here s why we couldn t be happier! preet bharara was the same attorney who brought charges against conservative activist and author
" president trump took secretary kelly (dhs)
"julian assange became a computer hacker in his teen years. assange got married when he was 18 and has a son. he and his wife separated and in 1999
 beaten or victims of sexual abuse"
"kyle s own words:  so for those of you who don t know
 
 telling them who to vote for.”"
 trump-hater just got burned
compare the us debt burden under former president obama that was increased by more than $320 billion after his inauguration through march 8th 2009. here s the chart for comparison:via: gateway pundit
"#flashbackfriday 1993 #attorneygate clinton ag reno fires all 93 republican us attorneys in one day. #sessions is following tradition. #maga pic.twitter.com/ggf9ur1r9f   ia (@nia4_trump) march 10
" who is silencing political speech
" who is silencing political speech
read more: tmz
 
 helping minorities or women [video]"
 
"when you consider the stunning ways students are wasting their student loan money that should be going towards their education
"maxine waters said on msnbc that there must be a probe into the unsubstantiated dossier that surfaced last month
 
"reza aslan was just in hot water over name calling president trump but we have a flashback to end all flashbacks on this jackwagon:cnn reporter and islamist apologist reza aslan did something outrageously unethical and disgusting during a report on a hindu sect he ate human brains! yes
 you mattered a lot more” [video]"
"federal lawmakers are investigating how a former iraqi insurgent fighter was able to lie about his identity and still get through america s  extreme  vetting process.the senate homeland security and governmental affairs committee has asked attorney general jeff sessions to find out why the terror suspect s pending arrest was allegedly spiked just over a week before the election. trump had run on a tough-on-terror platform and had been critical of president obama s refugee policy. when [joint terrorism task force] and the u.s. attorney s office for the western district of texas sought to prosecute this refugee
we hope these women realize they were being used by george soros and other leftists to protest trump instead of to celebrate women!
"a court in ohio sentenced an environmental activist to six months in jail after pleading guilty to 13 felony counts of voter fraud.rebecca hammonds faced 35 counts of falsely registering people to vote and forging signatures on voter registration forms.  political insiderhammonds was a paid canvasser for the ohio organizing collaborative (ooc)
"cnn commentator van jones stood by his praise of president trump on cnn s new day wednesday. after trump s joint address to congress
" as an immigrant myself
"on march 6
 
"watch the local news report as they explain what happened in minnesota s state capitol located in st. paul:the youngest son of u.s. sen. tim kaine
 
 
"house republicans leaders on monday embraced a legislative plan to replace the affordable care act for the first time in the nearly seven years since democrats enacted the transformative health-insurance law.now
"ivanka trump s eponymous women s fashion line is reporting record sales figures despite calls for a boycott and controversies surrounding president trump. since the beginning of february
 he s created nothing except chaos    delusional nancy pelosi
"liberal delaware sen. chris coons caused a stir last week when he indicated during a televised interview that yet-undisclosed transcripts of recorded phone conversations conclusively prove that elements of the trump campaign explicitly colluded with the russian government during the 2016 presidential election. yet widely-circulated  bombshell  reports from the new york times and cnn in recent weeks quoted sources who had no choice but to underline that there is no evidence of such coordination
"sounds like a great deal
 media mocked betsy devos for suggesting schools may need guns to protect against bears?…look what just happened!"
 
 
"here is  base stick-man s  speech to other trump supporters explaining why he s wearing a gas mask and carrying a stick with an american flag attached to the top. ***language warning***here s a short video showing  base stick man  in action
 
"here s the background:on january 11
"i simply put together the stories that your profession reported
 
"hey mainstream media when are you going to take a break from manufacturing news about a trump connection to russians and actually report on the billions of us taxpayer dollars obama gave to leftist organizations via of all places
"fox and friends spoke with tucker carlson this morning about allegations president trump made on twitter over the weekend about obama wiretapping trump towers prior to the election.steve doocy asked tucker what he thinks about the trump allegations of wiretapping by barack obama. carlson responds by saying
 very powerful” database in place…”will have information about everything…on every individual in ways that it’s never been done before” [video]"
"wikileaks founder julian assange reminded us in a tweet that former president obama had a real penchant for wire tapping and/or hacking conversations of world leaders
this video from cnn has been blasted to daily mail and to other main stream fake news sources. this is so wrong! the press continues to actively try and destroy president trump!listen to the anchor speak about this like cnn has first-hand knowledge of what happened. then check out the screen shot below:
" i m a political refugee from iran. i ve been to prison. i ve been under islamic law. and i know how it starts
"the top democrat in the senate
"washington dc   foreigners aiming for temporary jobs at high-tech u.s. companies will undergo a longer visa approval process after the trump administration announced it will temporarily suspend expedited applications for h-1b visas.the u.s. citizenship and immigration services (uscis) said on friday that starting april 3 it will suspend  premium processing  for up to six months. under this expedited procedure
 obama’s ag loretta lynch had private meeting on plane"
"joy villa
 
 anti-american democrat party"
 

 
 
"thank you to the american mirror for putting this video together showing nancy s very bad week.nancy pelosi is apparently the best leadership democrats have to offer america
"the antifa anarchists are in all black:woman interviewed who has not clue why she s protesting    i m a friendly anarchist    i hate capitalism ambulance trying to get to trump supporter hit in the head:antifa anarchists chase and attack trump supporters:fighting is spreading to the streets in berkeley. this isn t a trump rally anymore. it s the anarchists. pic.twitter.com/cfiu7akcsx  lizzie johnson (@lizziejohnsonnn) march 4
"mar-a-lago trump rally !blacks for trump &trump volunteersmarch 4 trump !trump tower#fisa#wiretapping#wiretap pic.twitter.com/w8b2wqwfbz  charles trump2020 (@charlespm777) march 4
"the attorney representing the illegal aliens who were arrested alleges that
"can you pick this statement apart and let us know what you read between the lines? we ve got one right off the bat: barry says he didn t order the wiretapping hummm
 some have died…we did this before…we can do this again!”"
 child marriage and genital mutilation” [video]"
"an indian athlete who overcame a visa denial with the help of u.s. lawmakers and a local mayor to attend the world snowshoe championship in new york has been arrested on charges of the abuse of a minor.it was a long journey for indian snowshoe champion hussain and his coach to the world snowshoe championships in saranac lake
"after the photo was tweeted out
"president trump on saturday claimed president obama had his  wires tapped  in trump tower before election day
 
 destroyed 25 yr. marriage says trump has too much “baggage”…. quits celebrity apprentice"
 
" pelosi claims to have not had a meeting with the russian ambassador:pelosi with the ambassador in 2010: pelosi had her spokesperson make a statement after twitter comments about the photo came out: leader pelosi s answer to the question today was clearly about private
"according to the new yorker
"the trip to orlando included the new education secretary who s a big school choice advocate. the teachers unions aren t happy and made a few comments against the trip to the catholic school in orlando. you d think they d be so happy that we have a president who s very interested in helping all american children receive a great education. nope
 it’s not “good for the country to have a former president undermine a current president”"
"the media and the democrat party has been coming down pretty hard on president trump for not doing enough to call out the rise of hateful anti-semitism

"the cash flows through the state department and the famously corrupt u.s. agency of international development (usaid)
"flashback: hillary clinton s state department gave russia half of u.s. uranium to reward donorthe visitor logs
"cnn s president jeff zucker has dictated questions that are unfavorable of president donald trump to his anchors while they are live on set
 al gore and bono just got exactly what they deserve…and it’s glorious! [video]"
"with these loser democrats it s always russia
 racist 49’ers qb colin kaepernick just announced he’ll now stand for national anthem"
 
"here is the screen shot we took of his vile and hateful tweet just before he deleted his account on twitter:we also took a screen shot of his profile before he deleted it
"well
"while visiting the uss gerald r. ford today docked at newport news in virginia where he gave a wonderful speech
"watch: fox news' catherine herridge has the latest on ag jeff sessions and russia.  pic.twitter.com/i0djb4vszb  fox news (@foxnews) march 2
 take down police chief"
"obama can be seen addressing a crowd about religion and the role it plays in our lives and in politics. the most interesting line comes at the beginning of the video when he tells the crowd america is no longer a christian nation:  we are no longer a christian nation. at least not  just ! which passages of scripture should guide our public policy?   at some fundamental level
"barack obama is turning his new home in the posh kalorama section of the nation s capital   just two miles away from the white house   into the nerve center of the mounting insurgency against his successor
000 [video]"
"the grieving daughter in law of vice president joe biden has formed a relationship with hunter biden
"here s chris matthews attacking trump s speech and his acknowledgment of ryan owens  widow last night. matthews can be seen along with fellow msnb host rachel maddow demanding that trump take responsibility for the death of navy seal ryan owens. no such demand was ever made of barack obama or hillary clinton by her friends in the press (fake media):so lets take a closer look at obama s war legacy
 
 
 
"we are blessed to be joined tonight by carryn owens
"van jones praised president trump for honoring the widow of a navy seal killed during a raid in yemen
"the transcript of president trump s speech to congress: the videos are belowmr. speaker
 obama supporter mocks ryan owens’ widow carryn for “standing there and clapping like an idiot”"
 
"interior designer kenneth blasingame   who styled george w. bush s oval office   tells tmz he s nowhere near offended kellyanne put her pumps all over his old boss  couch   and neither should anyone else. blasingame says while he considers the space  sacred
"it was just announced today that the obama s are in the middle of a bidding war by publishers for their memoirs.the rights for barack and michelle obama s memoirs will sell for at least $60 million
 parents of children murdered by illegal aliens
 
 immigrants in schools"
"jennifer garner has not given up on donald trump s washington.the 44-year-old actress spent the weekend lobbying the town s pillars of power to support early education for poor rural children. she spent friday on capitol hill meeting dozens of top staff members. on saturday
"ohio secretary of state jon husted announced an investigation has uncovered that hundreds of non-us citizens are registered to vote in the state
"in a sit-down interview with fox and friends
 
 obamacare
 
 obama group planning to infiltrate
 
"liberals on twitter just can t find enough reasons to hate trump or anyone connected to him. tonight
"hardcore
"it s a must read! the first month of the trump administration has already changed the direction of the immigration debate
"two law enforcement officials from the utah resort area of park city drew cheers from a large crowd with their promises not to let officers help federal immigration officials apprehend people living in the u.s. without proper documents.summit county sheriff justin martinez and park city police chief wade carpenter told about 300 people thursday in summitville that they won t agree to deputize officers to carry out federal operations
"washington   sen. bernie sanders wouldn t commit on sunday to turning over his email list of progressive activists to the democratic national committee   a group he dubbed the  establishment s house. the vermont independent built up a list of activists throughout his presidential campaign that helped him raise nearly $238 million   largely from small-dollar individual donors.he s been under pressure from some to keep their personal information private from the dnc
"the video begins with a clearly agitated pro-illegal alien female approaching trump supporters. after a few of the agitators who were part of her group began to act in a hostile and threatening manner
"the fast food industry has been warning those demanding a $15/hr. wage that they could be easily replaced.in the social sciences
 
could this be a little bit of karma coming back after the nasty comments about president trump?
"as hollywood had its big night at the oscars
"but that s another story make a sub-standard movie win sub-standard prizes.moving on to 2017  who has time to worry about slights against black actors or directors this year
 
"dozens of supporters of us president donald trump rallied on the hollywood boulevard in los angeles
" all of this is a deflection from the fact that he has done nothing
"#merkellegacy pic.twitter.com/wbh5cjj2iw  james woods (@realjameswoods) february 24
"watch joy behar as she hilariously attempts to tie  anti-semitism  to breitbart news while interviewing their senior editor who happens to be an orthodox jew. when behar s attempt to prove that breitbart is an anti-semitic news site
"cosmetics brand lush
"the new york times is set to launch a television ad during the academy awards that seems to heavily target statements made by president donald trump.the 30-second ad

"a progressive group charged saturday that the democratic national committee s reliance on paper ballots in the race for dnc chair raises questions of transparency
 inventor of email announces run against fake indian
president trump just pulled the rug out from under the press yet another time he just tweeted he won t be going to the white house correspondents dinner this year:obama on trump:
"here s the wikileaks link to all references to tom perez: tom perez wikileakshere s one email to john podesta from perez via wikileaks:from:tomperez1@verizon.net to: john.podesta@gmail.com
"her father is a staunch supporter of life. although her mother was not vocal about it during her conservative husband george w. bush s presidency
"mack beggs
"the truth is mexico depends on the billions sent back by illegals:from the wall street journal feb 1
’ i’m going to punch you in the mouth”"
"sabo
 prominent lawyer alan dershowitz: if dems elect muslim keith ellison to dnc chair
 
"a group of mostly pro-life college students came together in detroit last weekend to stand up for  the most vulnerable among us. they were praying to end abortion when a group of loud
"hey president trump how s that hillary email investigation going? a message from @hillaryclinton: ""let resistance plus persistence equal progress for our party and our country."" #dncfuture pic.twitter.com/smbxqzqfpv  the democrats (@thedemocrats) february 24
"you re gonna love this!the left has been screaming for decades about the government interfering in their right to kill their babies. because after all
 
".@nigel_farage tells the #cpac2017 crowd his favourite part of 2016.   cpac 2017 (@cpac) february 24
"president donald trump returned to cpac on friday
"a u.s. army veteran was recently arrested on charges that he plotted a coordinated terrorist attack on behalf of the islamic state against civilian targets and military installations in kansas city.federal investigators believe robert hester wanted to murder his former military comrades and civilians through a series of bus and train attacks to be carried out on president s day
 
 
blow wrote in his article today for the new york times that he has no desire to work with trump voters. he clearly stated that there is no room for compromise with anyone who doesn t agree with him:
"speaking to bbc newsnight in a rare interview
 tells men to use girls restrooms to protest trump"
 liberal meltdown explained in one hilarious poem: “ode to liberal lunacy”"
 then deletes “trump is absolutely right about sweden” article…but oops! it was archived…and we’re happy to share its brutally honest content with you!"
"top officials from the justice department and the education department joined forces to write a letter rejecting the obama administration s policy on the nondiscrimination laws and supporting the rollback of the policy. they explained their belief that the directive was improperly devised
 i’m a little biased”…” i agree. i think it’s dishonest” [video]"
"cnn went on to trash the amazing james o keefe saying: o keefe
"have you ever had an argument with a liberal who swears on her mother s grave that educators in america don t fill our children s heads with propaganda and liberal lies? here s proof that they re wrong. we found this website listed on a radical leftist facebook page used to recruit activists in the fight against trump. one of their primary focuses in their battle against trump is how to turn kids against him. the google document we reference in this article was created by history educators in oakland
000 salary! [video]"
 repeats words then calls john kasich the gov. of illinois [video]"
wow! john mccain is leading a vicious campaign against the russian government since the november election.in january mccain suggested the russian  hacking  of the election was an  act of war. sworn donald trump enemy john mccain also admitted to passing a dossier of false claims of a russian blackmail plot against the president-elect to the fbi.but oops! it looks like it wasn t that long ago that senator mccain requested campaign donations from russian officials for his presidential campaign.wikileaks released documents this week following the sudden death of russian un ambassador vitaly churkin.there are several documents wikileaks has on mccain s request for donations from the russians.in 2008 the russian mission released a letter on a fundraising attempt from john mccain.  gpaccording to reddit users john mccain illegally asked for campaign donations from the russian ambassador. (the same ambassador that died suddenly on monday) this globalist shrieks about russian influence while he himself participated in it.the russians told mccain they would not donate to his campaign. 
"borderless travel through europe is dying
"subtitled video:here s another journalist s take on what s happened to sweden: sweden: from abba to allah in the 1970s sweden was a stable and wealthy country that was admired by many outsiders. it had international pop artists such as abba
"hundreds of universities across the nation are encouraging students to report other students or even professors who use what they deem to be offensive or even impolite verbiage.  the investigations are being done by bias response team robert shibley on what s going on at all these colleges; washington examiner:  over the past year
notice how the left is still pushing the false narrative that the russians hacked our election not true!
 mi city council caves on mega-mosque project in middle of christian neighborhood…council member caught on video admitting mosque is part of “religious war”"
"it s official the inmates are running the asylum a police department in northampton
"tolerance + trust = human bombs for islamic terror.  allahu akbar  dumbasses!  ronald fiddler was paid up to  1
"nbc news handpicked anti-trump tykes for two propaganda videos to make it appear that every child in american thinks pres. trump is an ignorant racist and threat to the country.the video starts out with a blurry picture of president trump (the kind of picture used in political ads by the opponent to make the candidate look bad) and goes downhill from there:not one child in either  dear mr. president: kids talk trump  or  dear mr. president: letters from the american children  says he actually supports trump s efforts to keep america safe from terrorism or stop the influx of illegal aliens.both videos open with smarmy
"a group of lawmakers is planning to request a congressional investigation of a $418 million u.s. weapons sale to kenya approved by the obama administration on its last day in office. the sale
"yes!  this is how you deal w/ radicalism. marine le pen refuses to cover her head and walks out instead! #vivalepenpic.twitter.com/0vo4was4yy  boston bobblehead (@dbloom451) february 21
"the nationwide depression among democrats
 
"there is only one way to stop this mosque from being built against the wishes of citizens in this residential area
"the owner of a masonry business in colorado is speaking out about his decision to fire more than 30 employees who did not show up for work in support of last week s  day without immigrants  protest.jim serowski
 cracked jokes after horrible lie obama’s national security advisor told media
"on saturday
000 somali refugees a month?"
"over a century ago
"sen. john mccain(r-ariz.) dug himself into a hole on meet the press when he was asked to respond to this tweet by the president.the fake news media (failing @nytimes
 like daughter: chelsea proves she’s unelectable with one simple tweet"
"national security council aide craig deare was dismissed on friday after it was learned that he harshly criticized the president and his top aides.deare s criticisms took place at an off-the-record roundtable and included attacking the president himself
 
 black lives matter: “for the first time in my life

 
"the jets flew at supersonic speeds and residents were startled by the loud boom
"a nashville
"watch naacp s cornell william brooks
 
"you will love
 told him to “take his hat off”…his response to her was epic!"
"everyone laughing after trump rebranded cnn as #veryfakenews. then they go on their networks saying how ""dangerous"" and ""not funny"" it was   pic.twitter.com/d3iiavh5vl  asa j   (@asamjulian) february 17
 including inmates should get free tuition
 
 
"it seems that with each new retail store that removes ivanka trump s line
"president trump is once again proving that he will be running the white house in a vastly different manner than his predecessor.for the past several years barack obama welcomed espn to the white house to fill out the ncaa tournament bracket.  the news called this  baracketology.  the sports network reached out to the trump staff
"wow! this young asian student nails it! he speaks for every american who has been a victim of obama s failed government experiment. the left has turned our world upside down and many people in america believe that we are very close to a civil war. this brilliant young asian student warns the left to turn back now
 hold congress accountable [video]"
"like megyn kelly
 
 help defeat ronald reagan"
 suggests hollywood invites un-vetted refugees
"during trump s press conference today
 hispanics about trump deportations…results are brutal news for democrat party leaders"
this is outrageous! you won t believe this!
the officials  decision to keep information cite  deep mistrust  judge napolitano has a great solution quit! the people who re loyal to barak obama need to go! 
 
"president donald trump is a man in a hurry. throughout his campaign he laid out his priorities. he s a man who likes to get things done and is intent on keeping his promises. we ve seen this before. but draining a swamp is never easy.as president trump begins the process of implementing commitments and draining the swamp through his executive orders and legislative initiatives
"president donald trump s pick for secretary of labor
"the driver pushed his way through the crowd
"the dekalb county georgia school superintendent
"last november
"much of the political world was shocked by the sudden resignation of national security adviser mike flynn from the administration of president donald trump
"watch npr employee and afghanistan refugee (who was eventually arrested) join others as they block our newly appointed secretary of education betsy devos from entering a school in dc on her first day on the job:back in 2011
 
"house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes does not plan on investigating the circumstances surrounding the resignation of former national security adviser mike flynn
 his grandson! [video]"
 
 charged with assault for blocking betsy devos from entering dc school"
"hungary s populist prime minister on friday lashed out against billionaire financier george soros
"michael flynn resigned as president donald trump s national security adviser monday night
"anila ali was born in karachi
"tonight
"the knights for socialism held an event where they allowed students to bash pinatas with the faces of president donald j. trump
 ca state officials ignored oroville dam warnings…while obama
"singer joy villa s album sales spiked significantly after the 25-year-old s pro-president trump grammys dress set social media on fire sunday. villa walked the red carpet wearing a red-white-and-blue dress decorated with trump s  make america great again  slogan.hours after unveiling the gown
" i can t possibly accept this award
" it s more so about love
 
"brigitte gabriel is a christian who
"singer/songwriter joy villa decided to follow the political theme at the grammy s tonight by wearing a gown that says  make america great again  on the front and  trump  on the back it might not be what the producers expected lol! we love it!if you tweet
"clinton sent out a taunting tweet of  3-0  after the three-judge panel from the 9th circuit court of appeals unanimously slapped a halt on trump s executive order on immigrants and  refugees.trump tweeted out  see you in court hillary responded with a snarky  3-0 her support for the ruling isn t surprising   clinton said she was for open borders at one point   but the gutter sniping was telling. the activist judges who based their ruling on their liberal politics instead of the constitution are the same kind she would appoint to the supreme court and all other federal courts if she were in the oval office.thankfully
"on thursday
"in case you missed it senator marco rubio gave a great speech about political tolerance in the senate that rings true here. how can we solve anything if we can t debate about it? what can we accomplish if half of the nation hates the other half? open-minded  liberals in washington
"in a fraught moment of political protest across the country
 
"paul sperry spoke with lou dobbs on his report about obama s shadow government:obama has two things going for him: the judiciary is his lethal weapon. he stacked the courts during his 8 years with liberal judges who can make things really difficult for president trump. we ve seen it in action with the 9th circuit court of appeals on trump s executive order. president trump should shake this court up asap! yes
 
 passionate supporter of slavery from res college…why not rename it after most famous black alum
"the presidents of nordstrom sent an email criticizing president donald trump s ban on immigrants from seven muslim-majority nations entering the united states just days before the retail giant dropped ivanka trump s clothing line:in the note
 
watch:
 
"the principal of a fancy new york city private school says the election of president trump is worse than the september 11
 

"u.s. immigration authorities arrested hundreds of undocumented immigrants in at least a half-dozen states this week in a series of raids that marked the first large-scale enforcement of president trump s jan. 26 order to crack down on the estimated 11 million immigrants living here illegally.the raids
"a woman who was born in nazi germany says that what reminds her of hitler more than anything else isn t donald trump
 
"3 congressional it employees have been fired for accessing members computer networks without permission. maria s on the show
"harvard law professor emeritus alan dershowitz was on msnbc to make a statement on the 9th circuit opinion: he stated that the 9th circuit court of appeals  ruling against president trump s immigration order is  not a solid decision.  and  looks like it s based more on policy than on constitutionality. look

"the head of the epa under president barack obama vehemently denied politicians and environmentalists waged a  war on coal. there s just one problem. she was sitting in front of a  coal sucks  poster in the office of california s top state senator.former epa chief gina mccarthy huddled with democratic lawmakers in sacramento thursday to advise them on how the state could move forward with policies aimed at fighting global warming while the trump administration dismantled obama s environmental agenda.mccarthy took over epa in obama s second term and oversaw the implementation of the president s  climate action plan
"president donald trump said his administration would be announcing a  big league  tax cut that would lower the burden on businesses within the next two or three weeks.the revelation saw the dow jones industrial average rise around 115 points to a record
"a federal appeals court ruled that the u.s. will remain open to refugees and visa holders from seven muslim-majority countries
"so i m concerned about what i m hearing from some of the priests representing iraqi christians in iraq. patriarch louis sako of baghdad said:  every reception policy that discriminates (between) the persecuted and suffering on religious grounds ultimately harms the christians of the east he went on to explain that prioritizing christians is not good because it invites harsher treatment from muslims
"when a woman in the audience objected
 mix line with general merchandise"
"tmz caught up with mavericks owner and hillary supporter mark cuban yesterday to ask what he thought of president donald j. trump. arizona citizens must be thrilled to hear billionaire mark cuban who has personal security surrounding him talk about how ridiculous trump s efforts to secure our borders and keep our nation safe from foreigners who sneak in with actual refugees with a goal of doing harm to our nation.watch cuban s sour grapes interview here:well
"garcia de rayos has a felony conviction for working under someone else s social security number. she also has kids who are u.s. citizens. the obama administration put garcia under supervision and required she do periodic check-ins with ice.garcia de rayos knew her status could change under trump. her supporters chanted in spanish
"update: nordstrom stock closed up slightly today
in case you missed the ridiculous display by liz warren on the senate floor:
"in 2013 dr kermit gosnell was convicted of killing four people
"with a vote of 52-47
 
 cop-bashing
 check point"
"senate majority leader mitch mcconnell shut down massachusetts sen. elizabeth warren during a senate floor speech on tuesday

"watch this hilarious edited video made to look like  trump s reacting to bill clinton and barack obama
so much for the scotus not being political check out her comments on equality for women. it s like she s time traveled back to the 50 s. what is the deal with these women that think we re still in the dark ages!
update video: language alert:
"watch history in the making!@vp breaks the tie to confirm betsy devos as sec of education! #magapic.twitter.com/hon6mfofyc  cc (@christichat) february 7
"thank goodness someone is closing down the free-for all that s been happening with immigration for way too long! did you know we let 50k  diversity lottery  winners come to america every year just because some government bureaucrat decided we needed more diversity. oy vey! this lottery has gotten to be scam whereby favored people are given preference to immigrate. it needs to end now!sen. tom cotton and georgia sen. david perdue have started taking steps to crack down on legal immigration
 
"this isn t the first time  scientists  have been caught manipulating evidence in their quest to convince the world global
"when will the democrats realize they lost the election because america is sick of their intolerant and hateful behavior and in the case of maxine waters and nancy pelosi
the group called freedom from religion has been going all over america to force towns to remove any religious symbols.mississippi town fights back against effort to remove christmas display:  i just feel like christians lose a lot nowadays because we re too polite. atheists sue governor of texas over display on capitol groundsthey re all over the place! it s time to fight back against this group!
"nothing says respect for america and for your elected office like using an executive order to make it easier for people who entered our country illegally to break the law without fear of persecution watch for the political stock of mohamed khairullah
"conservative filmmaker dennis michael lynch has made some shocking and eye-opening movies that address our nation s failure to properly secure our borders. lynch s  they come to america iii: the cost of obama s legacy  is his most compelling and shocking movie to date. there are some terrifying moments when lynch exposes muslim training camps right here in america. in addition to training camps in the us

"cnn s jake tapper asked new york city mayor bill de blasio if he would protect illegal aliens living in the sanctuary city of new york following president donald j. trump s executive orders on immigration
"protesters decrying president donald trump s two-week-old administration prevented an ambulance carrying a  critically ill  patient from getting to yale-new haven hospital during a protest saturday in new haven
"vp mike pence at pappas bbq in houston: pic.twitter.com/occ9wnodkx  edith gonzalez (@edithge_01) february 5
"watch now in full: @oreillyfactor s exclusive #superbowl interview with president @realdonaldtrump. pic.twitter.com/p2giid0fze  fox news (@foxnews) february 5
 

 we won! crybaby schumer leads chant “dump trump!” during nyc protest"
"president donald trump s senior counselor kellyanne conway clarified a comment in which she mistakenly referred to a  bowling green massacre. she said friday on twitter that she meant to say  terrorists  instead of  massacre
"trump on immigration appeal:  we ll win. for the safety of the country we ll win.  pic.twitter.com/ffopcgtpbv  jennifer epstein (@jeneps) february 5
"according to the center for immigration studies
"the flyer below reads:  new uscis guidelines permit immigrants and their children to use certain non-cash benefits and special purpose cash benefits without affecting their immigration status including:* medi-cal * food stamps * healthy families * prenatal care * foster care * adoption assistance * transportation vouchers * housing assistance * energy assistancethe democrats have become the party of unamerican behavior this is bs!judicial watch has done many reports on the us providing food stamps for illegal aliens:part of the report dated april 25

"congresswoman @maxinewaters
"opposing views and beliefs has much of this country in a heated feud. with donald trump being recently inaugurated as the 45th president of the united states of america
 
"first
"pelosi called abortion a  manhood thing :house minority leader nancy pelosi had this odd thing to say about defunding planned parenthood:  what are they doing in this bill? overturning the affordable care act
 he was there for me when my beloved wife died
"***update to story below***in a blow to every mainstream media news outlet (and likely hurting a lot of feelings)
" please rt until we identify this disgusting nyu professor slandering police as nazi sympathizers #bluelivesmatter pic.twitter.com/2wgrnju6md  democrats for trump (@youngdems4trump) february 3
"the president s visit stretches from friday afternoon to monday morning
" he s being nominated to sit in garland s seat
"wow! i was just getting ready to switch our tv
"nordstrom cancelled the ivanka trump line after a liberal organization called  grab your wallet  flooded them with complaints. shame on nordstrom!the trump family has had to sacrifice so much to do what they re doing for america. it s a shame that even though nordstrom had said they wouldn t cancel ivanka s product line leftists call for ivanka trump brand boycott this huge retailer is sticking with her they caved to the pressure from the left!please contact nordstrom and complain : nordstrom feedbackdaily mail reported:nordstrom denied partisanship in the decision to drop trump s brand
"peace through strength president donald trump raised the stakes with iran again this morning by dashing off a tweet.the tweet comes a day after the new president dramatically raised the possibility of military action against iran over its missiles test on thursday saying  nothing is off the table  amid news that a new round of sanctions could be coming within hours. sources told the associated press that up to two dozen iranian individuals
"here s just one video from last night that will tell you all you need to know: we have seen demonstrations   and i think you already talked about that   around the country. young people at berkeley protesting against this unconstitutional order. and i heard it say earlier that we need to get involved on the local and state level. but what concerns me is that the strain that has been placed on local government
"can anyone imagine a sitting republican senator calling for violence or fighting in the streets in opposition to a newly elected democratic president? on tuesday democratic senator time kaine told the morning joe in an interview that democrats need to fight the trump administration including online and on the streets in addition to  the ballot box.partial transcript:mika brzezinski
"the streets of paris have erupted into inter-migrant strife as north african youths have targeted  rich  chinese migrants amid growing tensions.police in france recorded more than 200 attacks on chinese immigrants last year
 
"last night
" smashing windows how progressive!protests against alt-right speaker milo move off uc berkeley campus and into the streets. pic.twitter.com/c8ckfszmpj  shane bauer (@shane_bauer) february 2
"is anyone else thinking what we re thinking about the violent riot that happened in berkeley
"priceless! milo destroys heckling muslim woman crowd chants usa! usa! usa! [video] the ironic thing is that a sign had a website on it called:  refuse fascism  we looked into refuse fascism.org and found it s funded by an organization called world can t wait (wcw): founders of wcw included members or supporters of the revolutionary communist party
" it seems to me that actually with all of the anti-trump rhetoric that is coming from everywhere actually what we re hearing is the true nature of the eu project which is genuine anti-americanism.  trump is motivated by protecting the united states of america from islamic terrorism
"barack obama has to be the world s biggest hypocrite. here he is in 2005 adamantly defending our borders: we simply cannot allow for people to pour in
"president trump bolted from the white house wednesday afternoon aboard marine one to make a trip that was unannounced
"so much for the cute little puppies and clydesdales budweiser has created a superbowl ad that is creating a lot of controversy. the 1-minute ad tries to explain to origins of the company s co-founder
"florida bill nelson (d) indiana joe donnelly (d) michigan debbie stabenow (d) missouri claire mccaskill (d) montana jon tester (d) new jersey bob menendez (d) north dakota heidi heitkamp (d) ohio sherrod brown (d) pennsylvania bob casey (d) virginia tim kaine (d) west virginia joe manchin (d) wisconsin tammy baldwin (d)these democrats are sitting members on the senate finance committee:these democrats wanted to stall confirmation of president trump s picks for treasury and hhs by boycotting the committee hearing! this is playing politics with the wishes of the american people! vote them out!ron wyden
"among the high profile companies opposing trump s seven muslim country refugee and immigration ban:  amazon.com (nasdaq: amzn) was down 0.83 percent. amazon has big operations in the phoenix area.                    amazon ceo jeff bezos bezos sent a memo to all of his employees stating
"judge neil gorsuch   a strict conservative similar to justice scalia   a strict constitutionalistjudge neil gorsuch
 
"just recently
 why are we accepting them?” [video]"
 
"alinsky s ideas for community organizing were controversial because he talked about fanning latent hostilities of low-income
for more on hias: refugee resettlement watch
 can you hear us?” [video]"
"democratic rep. maxine waters (calif.) joined protesters at los angeles international airport on sunday opposing president trump s executive order halting refugees from seven countries from coming to the united states.while at the airport
"hey al you do realize that obama was more than happy to give jobs that should have gone to the black communities to refugees
"the acting attorney general
"one california resident commented: lots of illegals vote here in california. crooked democrats run everything here and any illegal invader can go to the dmv and get a drivers license/id card which they can register to vote with.police
"airports across the country were inundated with crazy leftists who didn t educate themselves on the trump order on refugees. they literally went nuts as you ll see in the video blow. can you imagine the news if a conservative trump supporter had done this to a leftist? the press would be all over it but i ll bet you never heard of this horrific attack. watch how the protesters swarm and chant they must have realized they were on camera and then chanted  peaceful protest  as if to reassure the press that their intention was for peace. well
 
"on friday
 illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start wwiii” [video]"
000 refugees in response to trump’s 4 month refugee moratorium…ignored obama’s 6 month ban on refugees"
"by jesse lee peterson   president donald trump has issued a blunt warning to chicago mayor rahm emanuel about his city s out-of-control violence:  if the city doesn t fix the horrible carnage going on
 
"chuck schumer s crying over muslim refugees.after supporting the attack on libya that led to the deaths of thousands of muslim refugees. pic.twitter.com/velee6v7cp  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) january 29
"muslims take time away from protest to pray at dfw airport. #muslimban #muslimbanprotest @ldelucadmn pic.twitter.com/vjboedynuw  dmn photo (@dallasnewsphoto) january 29
"cnn s jake tapper raised the point that obama and former president jimmy carter had both taken similar moves during their presidencies as trump did with his executive order restricting immigration from certain countries with terrorism problems. now there have been times in the nation s history when detainees i m sorry
 
"while the lying media is perpetuating the lie refugees do not pose a terrorist threat
 
"an iraqi interpreter who put his life on the line for the u.s. military told reporters that he likes donald trump
"watch:muir: and as we walked through the white house
he will not divide us .
 
 

"a play scheduled to open saturday night in chicago targets barron trump
watch: 
"though they are officially  non-profit  organizations
"here s what president #donaldtrump has accomplished during his first week in office.  pic.twitter.com/msmbl0067m  fox news (@foxnews) january 27
"new us ambassador nikki haley strutted into the un on friday with a blunt message to american allies:  for those who don t have our backs
"nbc is canceling the third hour of  today  to make way for new star megyn kelly
 there goes that relationship!”"
"the washington post reported that higher ups in the state department jumped ship before rex tillerson could take the helm but we don t know that was the case. were the people who left asked to vacate their post or did they jump ship? wapo was even called out by cnn for the misleading headline.   one of the things that the main stream media doesn t mention is that these officials were knee deep in the benghazi scandal and one of those (see below for more on patrick kennedy) was knee deep in the clinton e-mail scandal too! it s what the press doesn t tell you that s important. we just don t know if this is a matter of these people resigning or a matter of our new president recognizing that we need to drain the swamp! could this be the smoking gun that trump called out on patrick kennedy: in what one congressman called the  flashing red light of potential criminality
 

"on march 31
 
"slowly but surely our nation will heal. it will take some time
"the us provides 22% of the budget for the united nations!donald trump is preparing executive orders that would dramatically reduce us funding of the united nations
"pres. trump on receiving nuclear codes:  it is a very sobering moment
"obama s unconstitutional government overreach was allowed to run rampant in dc for way too long. there s a new sheriff in town and under that new sheriff s leadership is a newly emboldened congress who miraculously just found their spine congressional lawmakers will review a final rule issued by president obama in december that stomps on the second amendment rights of social security beneficiaries.according to the national rifle association institute for legislative action
" his speech he honored some of the families who ve lost loved ones to illegal aliens. he said he d gotten to know people from the remembrance project over his time campaigning: i am joined this afternoon by parents whose children were horribly killed by people who came here illegally
"as we pointed out throughout the months leading up to the election
 
"the term  fake news  has become attached to some of america s major news outlets. now a ymca in valparaiso
 ‘oh no
"palm beach
"soon after newly elected travis county sheriff sally hernandez announced she would be scaling back her department s cooperation with federal immigration agents
 i was getting my ass shot at in afghanistan”"
"president trump has mentioned in the past that he would like to see isis completely wiped out within 30 days of taking office. if mattis  first day on the job was any indication
"the inauguration was a beautiful day full of great images but the images of the hate coming from anti-trump protesters will shake you. inaugural ball attendees were spat upon and had water thrown at them. the people trying to just walk from one area to the next were assaulted. bar patrons were even taunted with images of an isis beheading from a phone video. sick! is this what the democrats represent? anarchy and chaos rules the day for the lefty lunatics. one woman even tried to light another woman s hair on fire dc police are now asking for anyone to id her so they can arrest her. luckily
 
 it’s going to be only america first…”"
"three men in uppsala have been arrested on suspicion of rape after they raped a young woman and sent it live on facebook
"orlando
"approximately 200
 “he will not divide us” in face of young trump supporter [video]"
"lindsey graham

via: gateway pundit
"the ap
 
 
"katie couric asks betty white:  what do you think about the state of our county and how divided it seems to be? betty white responded
"it didn t take long for  democrats and a bitter former cia director john brennan to criticize the president:brennan s assistant released a statement from him: brennan is deeply saddened and angered at donald trump s despicable display of self-aggrandizement in front of cia s memorial wall of agency heroes. trump should be ashamed of himself. sour grapes? trump extends an olive branch to the intel community: president trump visited the cia on saturday in a conciliatory bid to end a feud with the intelligence community   a dispute he suggested was overblown by the media   while making clear one of his top priorities will be to destroy islamic state terror groups. we have to get rid of isis. we have no choice. radical islamic terrorism
"a spokesman for the secret service told the gateway pundit the agency is aware of the comment by aging pop star madonna made at a large liberal women s protest against president donald trump held in washington
this is scary this guy was our secretary of state! yikes! his tongue! 
"president donald trump didn t take long to put his stamp on the oval office
" this wasn t a smooth-talking politician inviting us to climb aboard his fancy word ship for a voyage beyond the stars. he did not call upon the angels. instead
"obama leaves u.s.a $9
 feminists will go nuts: president trump uses endearment to refer to kellyanne conway in thank you speech [video]"
 as george w. bush tries to put on a rain poncho…priceless! [video]"
"protesters gathered friday in los angeles for something called  united against hate inauguration march
***warning*** violence is graphic***this trump supporter used a fire extinguisher to put out a fire on the street in dc that was started by domestic terrorists who were rioting in opposition to trump s presidency.watch how these animals attack this brave young man for doing the right thing:
 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again”"
"the obama family ended their eight-year residency at 1600 pennsylvania avenue on friday
 trump women stun viewers"
via: npr
 
" supporter gets past #disruptj20 barricade but couldn't get back to his wife #inauguration pic.twitter.com/jfhocgct9c  alex rubinstein (@realalexrubi) january 20
"an anti-trump protester screams  no  as donald trump is sworn in as the 45th us president pic.twitter.com/qmsafmmskr  itv news (@itvnews) january 20
"#disruptj20 protesters on the move
"#disruptj20 protesters blocking men in air force uniforms from getting through the #inauguration checkpoint pic.twitter.com/xverohhbwg  ryan lovelace (@lovelaceryand) january 20
"boos and chants of  lock her up!  were heard in the crowd assembled at the west front of the u.s. capitol friday morning when defeated democratic party presidential nominee hillary clinton was introduced at the inaugural ceremony for president-elect donald trump.#inaugurationday lock her up pic.twitter.com/apvtyyyote  bill simms (@mittens1245) january 20
 
” streets of d.c. against trump supporters [video]"
franken asked perry if he enjoyed a meeting they recently had at his office:franken:  thank you so much for coming into my office. did you enjoy meeting me? perry:  i hope you re as much fun on that dias as you were on your couch. 
"immediately after this happened
 
 misplaced outrage of gay activists dancing near pence home [video]"
 
"cnn announced:  the justice department and supreme court will be covered by justice and supreme court correspondent pamela brown
 knowing it was “built by slaves”"
 
"some of the key regulations are thought to be with energy regulations
 huge democrat donor arrested for threatening to kill president-elect trump at inauguration"
 
president-elect donald j. trump s economic advisor steve moore told neil cavuto the incoming administration may introduce two separate tax bills to increase chances of prompt congressional approval. moore says trump s tax reform plan should primarily focus on slashing the corporate tax rate to somewhere between 15% and 20%. 
"besty devos is trump s conservative choice for education secretary. during her confirmation process leftist bernie sanders  most important question had absolutely nothing to do with providing our kids the best education possible. sanders had one burning question for betsy devos
” billionaire and shark tank host kevin o’leary announces run against “canada’s barack obama” [video]"
"morning   trump
 two years
 
"protesters who take to the streets in north dakota might want to look both ways for changes in the rules of the road.a bill sponsored by state rep. keith kempenich
 
 
 military “lifer” destroys crybaby democrats in scathing letter: “i sometimes wonder if i’ll get to heaven
"i could go on an on about susan rice does she really deserve anything after the poor job she did?valerie jarrett has been obama s right hand woman for 8 years will anyone ever forget what she said in election 2012?ben rhodes is another crooked person from obama s 8 years obama might be done in the white house in three days
"listen here to @legbacarrefour explaining his plan to #chainthetrains and stop the metro in dc. #disruptj20exposed pic.twitter.com/xot1tslzpl  james o'keefe (@jamesokeefeiii) january 17
 
"james o keefe released a blockbuster undercover video yesterday saying they were going to commit acts of terror against trump supporters who attend the deploraball in washington dc. the video can be seen here.one of the organizers of the  deploraball
 

"bill o reilly reacted to the approximate $500
 
"the left has called for a boycott against ll bean after discovering the granddaughter of the founder contributed to donald trump s campaign. conservatives decided to counter the protest by intentionally purchasing merchandise from ll bean to counter the efforts of the left. even president-elect donald trump came to the defense of l.l. bean inc. on thursday after a group called for the boycott of the outdoor clothing maker because a granddaughter of the founder supported his campaign for president. thank you to linda bean of l.l. bean for your great support and courage
"martin luther king iii met with president-elect donald trump on monday
 torture
"it s a free country
 
"country singer toby keith won t be bullied into submission by the left like other entertainers who won t perform or have cancelled their commitment to perform at trump s inauguration.keith
 ga resident slams rep john lewis: “what have you accomplished? why don’t you go on the news and talk about the black-on-black terrorism that’s happening in chicago?”[video]"
 terrorism at trump inauguration…”if you try to shut us down
 
 wife of felon threatens paul ryan on twitter over cutting federal funds to kill babies"
"our previous reports on jehmu greene:i will never understand why fox news has crazy liberals like jehmu greene on to contribute to any discussion! she s the racist witch who delivered a nasty takedown of tucker carlson a few years back exposing her racist attitude: carlson talking about elizabeth warren using her dna to get advantages    bow-tying white boy  jehmu greene made an outrageous claim that her family will die if the clinton foundation is shut down. she s out of her mind! the clinton foundation gave most of their donations to themselves! trish regan: it s not clear they re sending a majority of their money to charity
"as the pussyhat project s flier helpfully points out:we love the clever wordplay of  pussyhat  and  pussycat
"lady liberty will be depicted as a black women on a coin   the first time in the nation s history lady liberty has not been a white woman   the u.s. treasury department announced on thursday.the coin
 intolerance and injustice still blowing in this country” [video]"
" i m making almost $50
 
"wouldn t you know that the cia director had words for trump today brennan has some nerve  cautioning  president-elect trump:washington (reuters)   cia director john brennan on sunday had a stern parting message for republican donald trump days before he assumes the u.s. presidency
"in 2008
"opera star andrea bocelli backed out of singing at donald trump s inauguration after receiving death threats
 
000 black churches tell members to turn backs on race-baiter-for-hire al sharpton’s d.c. march against trump"
 
"donald trump has been hit with celebrity backlash after he tore into civil rights legend john lewis for questioning the legitimacy of the billionaire s white house victory.watch racist congressman lewis tell liberal hacktivist host of meet the press that he
"lady gaga
"the hill reported:the naacp president cornell william brooks is calling on donald trump to apologize to alabama rep. john lewis
"congressman lacy clay plans on filing a federal lawsuit regarding the removal of a painting that was taken down from display in the capitol building because it portrayed police officers as pigs. the truth is that the painting broke the rules of a contest that took place to pick the painting that would hang in the capitol. basically
"tom barnes mocks taylor swift in his latest article
 safe space feminists over women’s march against trump’s inauguration…and it’s hilarious!"
 
 
 
 aging pop-star madonna uses picture of pubic hair to recruit females for anti-trump inauguration march"
"democratic rep. john lewis of georgia says he doesn t view donald trump as a legitimate president and will be skipping next friday s inauguration.lewis tells nbc s  meet the press with chuck todd  that the russians helped trump get elected.it will be the first inauguration lewis has missed since he began serving in congress three decades ago. lewis says
 “we portray islam and all muslims as bad” [video]"
"donald trump wasn t the only presidential candidate whose campaign was boosted by officials of a former soviet bloc country.ukrainian government officials tried to help hillary clinton and undermine trump by publicly questioning his fitness for office. they also disseminated documents implicating a top trump aide in corruption and suggested they were investigating the matter
"aww poor @cnn   payback s a bitch  commentary by @teamcavuto pic.twitter.com/e2mi1ncgzz  boston bobblehead (@dbloom451) january 13
"it s time to drain obama s swamp! rep. jason chaffetz
 you saw this great spontaneous upsurge in spontaneous anger in the streets” [video]"
 
"former republican presidential candidate jeb bush has been forced to deny a claim that he ordered the outlandish  dirty dossier  on president-elect donald trump.the bbc initially named bush
"one of our biggest concerns is that so many americans don t realize the magnitude of just how much our nation is in deep trouble. with the election of trump
000 us jobs
"president-elect donald trump came to the defense of l.l. bean inc. on thursday after a group called for the boycott of the outdoor clothing maker because a granddaughter of the founder supported his campaign for president. thank you to linda bean of l.l. bean for your great support and courage
"she s travelling the world to promote her new australian film
 
 
"the inspector general will look at whether fbi director james comey s press conference and notifications to congress days prior to the election concerning the hillary clinton email probe were appropriate under doj guidelines:daily mail reports: the letter informed lawmakers 11 days before the election that the fbi was looking at newly discovered emails that related to its investigation of hillary clinton s emails. the disclosure caused a political firestorm and a rash of new reports about the investigation. ultimately
"dr. ben carson:  you remind me of columbo.  .@sensherrodbrown:  i ve heard that before.  pic.twitter.com/ikeqbefzb4  cspan (@cspan) january 12
"doris truong is a reporter for the hard left-leaning washington [com]post where they only have the highest regard for journalistic integrity right? well maybe not so much.during a break in the confirmation hearings for rex tillerson
 
"the senate is already rolling back president barack obama s legacy.here is trump only days before the election promising the republicans will repeal and replace obamacare:it passed the continuing resolution
 
line of the night from cohen: these accusations against trump have themselves become a grave national security threat! 
"the only possible explanation for this embarrassing misstep is that either obama s speechwriter isn t very fond of him or they simply forgot to proof-read his speech there have been no terrorist attacks on us soil during my 8 years.  except for the ones i m about to list. merica. pic.twitter.com/snplxggrhz  cloyd rivers (@cloydrivers) january 11
"here s @chucktodd s interview with @buzzfeedben about buzzfeed s decision to publish that dossier   bradd jaffy (@braddjaffy) january 11
"president barack obama faces being blackballed by a prestigious golf club over his hard-line stance on israel during the final days of his administration.it is understood that mr obama
"in mid-october 2016
"rush limbaugh nailed it today when he said:  trump s a different animal. they [the press] don t know how to deal with it
 
 rino john mccain admits he handed smear dossier outlining claims of kremlin blackmail to fbi"
"the sun reported: american news giant cnn opened the political can of worms by reporting that top us intelligence chiefs briefed trump on the explosive claims during a meeting on alleged russian interference in the presidential election.the full dossier of the british spy s unverified claims details allegations of  perverted sexual acts  by prostitutes in a russian hotel room containing trump.the report sensationally claims that president obama and first lady michelle obama slept in the same suite at the hotel and that trump wanted to  defile  the bed which they slept on because  he hated  them.the hotel room
"could this be the biggest fake news story of 2016?an anonymous intelligence officer told nbc no direct link was found between peotus donald trump and russia.nothing.the screaming headlines were all fake news.senior news editor and writer
" not fake news
"black pastors rally in washington for ag nominee jeff sessions.rt if you also think he will make a fantastic attorney general! pic.twitter.com/y1uv4nsif4  tennessee gop (@ten_gop) january 10
".@jessebwatters:  what specifically are you fearful of that trump will do?@jehmu: he said he wants to make america great again hmm    pic.twitter.com/xui5g3jsv6  students for trump (@socal4trump) january 8
".@seanhannity:  the obama nightmare is finally coming to an end!   watch #hannity shred obama s failed economic legacy:#obamafarewell pic.twitter.com/zcpocordop  students for trump (@socal4trump) january 11
"hillary clinton has turned down repeated requests by barack obama to join him in a nationwide political movement that he plans to lead against the presidency of donald trump. hillary s received two phone calls from obama and several from valerie [jarrett]
"watch @potus  teary tribute to his family. #obamafarewell   today (@todayshow) january 11
"it s hard to be famous for being a  victim  in an arab gulf state who settles their disputes in a sharia court of law. someone should have told  clock boy  that being a victim in a country where victims are plentiful isn t really that special. unlike america
"watch ted cruz completely annihilate the leftist false attacks on jeff sessions  character! #confirmationhearing pic.twitter.com/tbaz5rdroi  john binder   (@jxhnbinder) january 10
barbra mocks trump at a clinton fundraiser:
"streep s shameful attempt to paint trump as a heartless human being to golden globe award viewers can be found near the middle of this clip:at tonight's #goldenglobes we honor hollywood legend meryl streep with the prestigious cecil b. demille award. pic.twitter.com/dxpecdnxy6  golden globe awards (@goldenglobes) january 9
 
"take it down! blm supporter
"member statements senator chuck grassley r (ia) witnesses introducers the honorable richard shelby united states senator state of alabamathe honorable susan collins united states senator state of mainepanel isenator jeff sessionspanel ii the honorable michael mukasey former attorney general u.s. department of justice washington
 
she s pulling down a cool $2 million a year as the race-baiting host of abc s flailing the view talk show.watch goldberg take a line from hillary s dead broke book during this segment:
".@diamondandsilk wasn t pleased by the underhanded way that @merylstreeppage used her platform
"the largest armed u.s. military brigade to be deployed to europe since the end of the cold war arrived saturday at a port in northern germany
"the university of chicago s admissions office is offering a reward to its student tour guides who can dispel the notion among prospective students and their families that the city is  unsafe  and  scary. in an email obtained by the chicago maroon
"thank goodness there are still a few courageous
 i never saw you so unhappy!” [video]"
000 us jobs…moving ram truck production from mexico to us"
"kellyanne conway met with nbc s  meet the press  to discuss the findings by us intelligence agencies about russia and their alleged  hacking  into the dnc and john podesta emails. throughout his interview

"ownage. pic.twitter.com/yznlkcyimw  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) january 7
 
"fake #russianhacking report is nothing but @barackobama s attempt to undermine trump administration pic.twitter.com/snjvd6jdmd  trump for america (@artofthedealpac) january 6

"muslim men are flexing their muscles in france and using their own special  penal code  to enforce sharia law on french women. these women
"president obama blasted republican presidential front-runner donald trump in april
"a highly-anticipated declassified us intelligence report
"via: tmzolivia wilde posed for a black and white selfie with partner jason sudeikis yes
 russia didn’t hack our election” [video]"
 race-baiting
"in a stunning last minute power grab by the obama administration with just 14 days left in his presidency
 
"here s the scoop on what happened in december: ivanka trump just had a bumpy start to her xmas holiday   an out-of-control passenger on her flight began verbally berating her and  jeering  at her 3 kids.ivanka was on a jetblue flight leaving jfk thursday morning with her family when a passenger started screaming
"president-elect donald j. trump s transition staff has issued a blanket edict requiring politically appointed ambassadors to leave their overseas posts by inauguration day
 torture of white disabled teen by 4 black thugs [video]"
"wow! this interview is hysterical! sean spicer runs circles around political hack camerota it gets good around the 3:30 mark i know it s frustrating for you that we re doing it in a logical way
"cnn host don lemon asks guest  simone sanders
"makeup artist manny gutierrez is the first man to be chosen to rep for the maybelline make up brand.gutierrez is following in the footsteps of james charles
 
 
 
"obama and his supporters loved talking about history. his victory was historic. they were on the right side of history. history was an inevitable arc that bent their way.the tidal force of demographics had made the old america irrelevant. any progressive policy agenda was now possible because we were no longer america. we were obamerica. a hip
"think about it: it s really laughable that obama just officially declared himself the greatest public servant during his own tenure secretary carter awarded his boss with the medal on january 4 during the armed forces full honor farewell review for the president held at conmy hall
 desantis push for term limits: “it is well past time to put an end to the cronyism and deceit…”"
"the senate voted 51-48 this afternoon to proceed to the resolution
 economic
 
"barack obama recently kicked 35 russian diplomats and their families out of the us
 
".@ambjohnbolton on obama legacy:  he s history. we re just waiting for the calendar to turn. any exec order he signs can be reversed  #dobbs pic.twitter.com/uobwus5k96  lou dobbs (@loudobbs) january 4
"barnicle: so you re asking the democrats to be as fair as the republicans were  conway:   they were very fair. excuse me
 especially young children
"republicans have put forward a plan to stop obama administration s last minute regulations tuesday. these  midnight regulations  published after the 2016 presidential election could cost the american taxpayer over $44 billion.california republican rep. darrell issa re-introduced legislation tuesday that would allow congress to overturn executive branch regulations finalized in the last 60 legislative days of an outgoing presidential administration.the bill amends the congressional review act
"of course
"british pop singer rebecca ferguson
"what s worse is the second longer version of the audio where kerry spills the beans on how the end goal of creating isis was to cause regime change in syria but they didn t count on russia getting involved. language alert below but worth it:disgrace!john kerry says the problem with syria is that young americans don t want 2 die anymore secret audio john kerry behind closed doors pic.twitter.com/0k4fvluaut  trump anomaly (@anomaly1) january 3
" the government-orchestrated bankruptcies of general motors and chrysler led to tens of thousands of direct factory
 jobs
 anti-trump nbc"
remember when pelosi said it s  affordable : 
" the president prides himself on the fact that his administration hasn t had a scandal and he hasn t done something to embarrass himself
 
 you own it” [video]"
"1. disarm federal regulatory agenciesduring an eight-year period
 globalist koch brother and “author” friend off his west palm beach golf course"
"j-lo was sorry. she didn t mean to sing  happy birthday  to someone accused of grave human rights abuses.that s what she did when she serenaded gurbanguly berdimuhamedow
 obama can appoint a supreme court justice before he leaves…but will he?"
"according to the new york post:president obama is very particular about his   shower head. one thing that we were very aware of is the new president wanted a special shower head
 dem congressman hangs cop-hating

 obstruct
"whether they like it or not
don lemon wasted? doing shots on the air and getting his ear pierced! yikes!cnn cuts don lemon s mic after he begins to rant about  an  awful  2016: note the complete silence after the first sentence  
"president-elect donald trump played a round of golf at his jupiter golf course saturday morning   without notifying the traveling press pool that traditionally reports on his whereabouts. according to media reports
4
 
 obama…there is a magic wand! [video]"
"president-elect donald trump is throwing a private new year s eve party at his mar-a-lago club that is expected to draw hundreds of guests
 

"as usual milwaukee s outspoken sheriff david clarke nails it chicago has plunged ever further into chaos as gang violence gripped the city for yet another weekend.under the rule of democratic mayor rahm emanuel
"in this chess match of political wills
"it s too bad the darn russians and president-elect trump
"obama has been low key in the past few months even as he campaigned for a losing hillary clinton.suddenly obama and the democrats decided they care about russia and so obama got all tough with putin
 black lives matter terror group: new gallop poll shows love for police officers surged in 2016…near all-time high"
"president-elect donald trump said thursday  it s time for our country to move on to bigger and better things  after the obama administration issued sanctions against russia for its alleged 2016 election hacking. it s time for our country to move on to bigger and better things
".@diamondandsilk have something to say about kerry and obama stance on israel. pic.twitter.com/d3xsu7hmhl  diamond and silk  (@diamondandsilk) december 29
the link to instagram was the photo below: 
 
000 jobs! [video]"
"the russian response to barack obama s announcement that he was expelling 35 diplomats over the alleged cyber attack on the us election
"reuters reports:the united states expelled 35 russian diplomats and closed two russian compounds in new york and maryland in response to a campaign of harassment against american diplomats in moscow
 crack smoking
" says the guy who s been funding riots across america and dumping hundreds of millions into radical organizations meant to destroy america and our way of life.soros
"following a month-long series of national enquirer covers featuring president-elect donald trump
"the obama administration plans to announce on thursday a series of retaliatory measures against russia for hacking into u.s. political institutions and individuals and leaking information in an effort to help president-elect donald trump and other republican candidates
"lol! if i was cage s manager
 nevada…despite opposition…posts wrong picture of land"
"congress is already setting the stage to cut off u.s. funding to the united nations in the wake of a contested vote last week in which the obama administration permitted an anti-israel resolution to win overwhelming approval

"last december a report surfaced that barack obama intercepted communications between israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and us lawmakers. the obama white house targeted netanyahu because he opposed their insane nuclear deal with the iranian regime.last october obama ordered secretary of state john kerry and un ambassador samantha power to snub netanyahu at the un.lower level us state department officials attended the israeli prime minister s speech at the un.the obama administration spent $350
 mayor jim fouts allegedly caught on tape trashing mentally disabled: they’re “retards”…”not even human beings” should be “put in cages” [audio]"
"a georgetown university associate professor had a month-long meltdown after a muslim woman explained why she voted for president-elect donald trump.asra q. nomani
"thomas sowell:avoiding the fatal mistake of disregarding the record of the pastany honest man
" honolulu s caf  8   gets rave reviews on yelp for its  radiatore verde  and  italian stir fry
 
here are krauthammer s remarks but the full video is below this shorter one: 
 including gunfire break out across america on the day after christmas? [video]"
 1 libyan migrant arrested after setting sleeping homeless man on fire"
"kellyanne conway s response to williams  criticism is
"president obama said in an interview released monday that he could have beaten republican presidential nominee donald trump  if i had run again.  in his most pointed critique yet
" that has been a problem with our party. when we re in power
"christmas the perfect time to pander to muslims there is a reason his mother never let him be king. during a recent radio broadcast
enjoy 

"we all know the rules are a little different for the political class. but michelle obama s trips overseas hardly qualify as official business. they are lavish
"president barack obama asserts that he could have won a third term against donald trump if he had run again on his claim of hope and change. i am confident in this vision because i m confident that if i had run again and articulated it
 
" trump family has frequented the church many times in the past few decades. trump married his third and current wife


"the video featured a youtube prankster named adam saleh claiming to be kicked off of a delta flight for speaking arabic
 
"two days before the berlin killings resurrected the darkest period in his life
 
"from tmzivanka trump just had a bumpy start to her xmas holiday   an out-of-control passenger on her flight began verbally berating her and  jeering  at her 3 kids.ivanka was on a jetblue flight leaving jfk thursday morning with her family when a passenger started screaming
 
"a schlotsky s assistant manager in seguin
"kellyanne conway will be joining the white house as counselor to the president

"a growing group of artists is hitting back against ivanka trump
".@diamondandsilk watched oprah s interview with michelle obama. a few things did not sit well with the ladies until she talked about hope  pic.twitter.com/hqoqjb2nte  diamond and silk  (@diamondandsilk) december 20
"pic.twitter.com/kmnlrwb6t1  richard k. jones (@butlersheriff) december 19
"facebook has announced plans to check for  fake news  using a series of organizations to assess whether stories are true  one of them is a website called snopes.com which claims to be one of the web s  essential resources  and  painstaking
"today
"  #presidentelecttrumpabsolutely must watchtoday there is hope for the american people.we will #makeamericagreatagainplease rt pic.twitter.com/wsbpckr8np  brian fraser (@bfraser747) november 9
"youtube celebrity adam saleh has accused delta air lines of kicking him off flight because he spoke arabic to his mom on the phone before takeoff.in a statement
"january 20th can't come soon enough. we need this anti-american
 
 foul-mouthed whack job samantha bee in unified effort to fight “trumpism” [video]"
"hillary may have finally lost the election yesterday
"a prolific trump foe found viral fame after boasting about abandoning a driver stuck in the snow as punishment for supporting the president-elect.troy brown
democrats were hoping yesterday s electoral vote would end with electors rejecting republican donald trump in droves.it didn t work out that way. in fact hillary clinton lost more electors than donald j. trump.trump lost two electors: one to ron paul and one to governor john kasich. hillary clinton lost five electors.8 clinton defectors 4 wa (successful) 1 hi (successful) 1 mn (attempted) 1 me (attempted) 1 co (attempted)2 trump defectors tx (successful)in fact hillary clinton lost more electors than any politician in the last 100 years.not since 1912 has a candidate lost more electors. gp
"former fbi agent and navy seal jonathan gilliam had this to say about the false rumors being spread about  russian interference :  the people who leaked stuff to the new york times
"caddell s remarks came after hearing michelle obama s now infamous comments to oprah winfrey:the first lady was asked by oprah winfrey whether she thinks that her husband s administration had achieved his promise of hope for america. yes. i do
 but i wish i had’"
"michelle obama told oprah winfrey in her final interview as our divisive first lady
 

"while all of the mainstream media and anonymous cia sources claim that russia was behind the hacks of the emails from the democratic national committee and top clinton aide john podesta
 
the democrats doubled down on moving to the left and distanced themselves from the middle class. the results are below the people aren t buying what they re selling.
 including muslim elector"
 hillary 224"
"the attack on russian envoy andrey karlov
 white men to vote for him’"
"what you need to know:in all 50 state capitals and the district of columbia
" ed klein: for the past 100 years every president who is outgoing has packed up his stuff gone home and not criticized his successor. this is not what the obamas are planning to do. they rented an eight-bedroom mansion in the section of washington near joe lockhart
 
 
 mike pence
 
"an owner of a propane dealership in maine is refusing to deliver gas to anyone who voted for president-elect donald trump.michael turner
"here is michigan elector michael banerian telling about death threats that he s received over his vote for trump on monday.the leftist media has encouraged the (insanely impossible) idea that trump could be defeated by the electoral college
 
 ky
 
 
 
"hey michelle guess what? for the first time in 8 years
 alabama to say thanks…obama vacations for 17 days in hawaii [video]"
"tucker goes on to call out the hypocrisy of rich
 
"in march 2015
 zihjmn0m
 but new harvard study exposes who really interfered in outcome of our elections"
"the russians may not have hacked our elections
"michelle obama fed her husband s feud with donald trump on friday as she gave a gloomy description of the hopeless climate his election win has created. the first lady used her final interview in the white house to tell oprah winfrey that a  grown up  should be in charge of the country. looking forward to president-elect trump s looming inauguration
"scott baio became a teen idol starring as chachi arcola on happy days from 1977-1984 and he worked pretty consistently until a few years ago
 there’s a better solution!"
"the democrats have 26 more days to discredit donald j. trump until he becomes our next president. they are really pulling out all of the stops. wikileaks founder julian assange emerges from hiding to do an interview with fox news  sean hannity in order to set the record straight on the dnc leaks he released prior to the election. it s interesting how mainstream media  reporters  have no interest in the content of those undisputed leaked emails
"exclusive: fbi new york field office told to continue clinton foundation probeofficials at fbi headquarters instructed its new york field office to continue its corruption investigation into the clinton foundation following the election of republican candidate donald trump
"when asked why they might have booed
 
"detroit elections officials waited several days to deliver nearly 100 poll books to wayne county officials charged with certifying the presidential election
"monica crowley
 
 
 

"politico has terminated its contract with magazine writer julia ioffe after she sent a tweet that referenced a possible incestuous relationship between president-elect donald trump and his daughter
 
 federal funds offers “african american resistance in the era of donald trump” class [video]"
"trump to tech leaders:  you re doing well right now and i m very honored by the bounce so right now everybody in this room has to like me  pic.twitter.com/lnhvhg31wq  bradd jaffy (@braddjaffy) december 14
 
"germany s defense minister refused to wear a traditional head covering during her visit with a saudi arabian prince
"trump s choice of pro-oil
" i fell in love with him [trump] because he really talks about helping african-american black people
 
"another night
 
"these women aren t sitting back and waiting for their leftist government to come to their rescue in these  no-go zones  which are spreading across france. a women s rights campaign group is organizing marches and protests in a bid to retake streets in predominantly islamic neighborhoods which they say have become entirely male dominated.la brigade des m res
"donald trump and kanye west greet reporters after meeting in trump tower ! kanye west jumped on the trump train ! pic.twitter.com/yfxlpm0kth  trump anomaly (@anomaly1) december 13
"make no mistake: it s payback time. in ordering up a  deep dive  into possible russian interference in the election of donald trump
" leading republicans have already expressed anxieties about tillerson
 we found what lost the election for hillary [video]"
 
"president-elect @realdonaldtrump s unexpected patience with fools watch below! #maga #dobbs pic.twitter.com/srfe2lhkkk  lou dobbs (@loudobbs) december 13
outspoken conservative tomi lahren makes some great points about the  failing  mainstream media and the  failing  democrat party blaming  fake news conservative news for hillary s loss. to say facebook favoritism got donald trump elected is the most ridiculous thing i ve heard yet. we already know facebook is in the business of censoring and de-prioritizing conservative leading posts. 
"green party candidate jill stein successfully requested

 nuclear war with russia because they’re ‘butt-hurt’ about losing…let that sink in” [video]"
"after the reid event
 
 i’m a winner! my guy is a winner! he’s the next president!”"
"wikileaks founder julian assange has clearly stated his leaks did not come from russia. watch:former uk ambassador to uzbekistan craig murray
"officially
"the entire premise for chuck todd s position is two media reports.  one of those media reports (nyt) is demonstrably false; the second (wapo) is specifically constructed to target and undermine the trump presidency.  the washington post was previously cited
here s obama defending russia during a debate and calling out romney for saying russia was our biggest threat:and no one was concerned about russian interference in the 2012 elections? 
 inflammatory washington post op-ed [video]"
"not because she s an unlikeable elitist liar
 anti-trumper rinos join dems to investigate russian influence in election…trump says russian interference claim is “ridiculous”[video]"
"judge jeanine pirro has had it with the left and their disrespectful attitude towards trump. her opening statement:  there was a time in this country when we were united behind the flag in celebration of america s new president  it s time for the left
"president-elect @realdonaldtrump to protester:  the election ended 3 weeks ago
watch:
"the wall street journal reported on friday that tillerson was leading the field after former mayor rudy giuliani took his name out of the running for the job. new york times reporter maggie haberman reported that tillerson was expected to meet with trump today.- breitbartthe 64-year-old veteran oil executive has no government or diplomatic experience
"talking to the hollywood reporter
"newsweek reporter kurt eichenwald came under fire thursday after sending a tweet that incorrectly reported that iowa supporters of president-elect donald trump booed astronaut and former senator john glenn when informed of his recent passing.eichenwald s initial tweet (which has since been deleted) racked up thousands of retweets and likes in a short time.  mediaitewhen asked why they might have booed
 but a ‘red carpet’ country for american businesses”"
" everybody in the building is sick of it. we absolutely can t stand it anymore
you may need a calculator to count how many asinine liberals said trump will never be elected president of the united states. i wonder how many are sick of eating crow?
"former new york city mayor rudy giuliani has removed his name from consideration for a position in president-elect donald trump s cabinet
 missouri” [video]"

" in a speech at macdill air force base in tampa
 editor of legal website writes: black jurors should automatically vote to free any black person accused of murdering
"the man suspended from his tv anchor job for faking his own news is furious about the spread of  fake news. brian williams
"this is pretty scary stuff. a federal government agency run by an obama crony attempting to penetrate the firewall of a state agency tasked with overseeing the elections? what conceivable reason could obama s dhs have for hacking the georgia sec of state s office after the election?georgia s secretary of state has claimed the department of homeland security tried to breach his office s firewall and has issued a letter to homeland security secretary jeh johnson asking for an explanation.brian kemp issued a letter to johnson on thursday after the state s third-party cybersecurity provider detected an ip address from the agency s southwest d.c. office trying to penetrate the state s firewall. according to the letter
" admitting somalis who d been settled for years in pakistan   like the ohio state jihadi and his family   is only one of them. another  refugee  absurdity was revealed recently   the obama administration has agreed to admit illegal aliens intercepted at sea by australia and held in camps outside that country
"counting bernie sanders write-in votes for clinton in michigan. any gains by clinton are stolen votes.  mike roman (@mikeroman) december 7
"43 days and counting characterizing the military s mission as a fight against  violent extremism
"hillary clinton on thursday decried the spread of fake news online
 
the video from 2012 is a little blurry but the audio is fine this is just too funny! 
"does your child spend time on social media? unless they re amish
 they’re worried about this… [video]"
" the video of the professor s rant was sent to occ college republicans president joshua martinez
 
"start counting. keep counting. stop counting? michigan's election recount hearing set to start in detroit. will judge change course?  tresa baldas (@tbaldas) december 7
 destroy trump’s inauguration"
"michael moore: trump is a  malignant narcissist  who  is only about himself   #themessytruth   cnn (@cnn) december 7
"what do you think? do you agree with rick santorum
" when the environmental protection agency proposed rules regulating carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired power plants
 
"president barack obama claimed the united states is  breaking the back of isis  in his final national security speech before leaving office and told armed service members the country is depending on them to  carry forward what is best in us. obama directed the bulk of his counter-terror speech to criticisms of his policies leveled by president-elect donald trump during his successful campaign   but did not mention his successor by name. we are a nation that our best has been defined by hope and not fear
"the michigan court of appeals rejected green party candidate jill stein s request for a recount of presidential ballots in michigan.the court ruled that the board of state canvassers should not have allowed the recount
"barack obama and first lady
"i grew up in the same hometown in rural michigan as kid rock
 
"just think how many youth centers could have been built in inner cities or how many broken-down classrooms in america could have been repaired with the $3.5 million being wasted on jill stein and hillary s futile recount effort? aren t the democrats all about the poor

"donald trump said monday that japan s softbank has agreed to invest $50 billion in the u.s.
 after flooding nation with 2 million (mostly muslim) migrants"
 man?” [video]"
 muslim refugees
"the entire cost of the program
"one-third of precincts in wayne county could be disqualified from an unprecedented statewide recount of presidential election results because of problems with ballots.michigan s largest county voted overwhelmingly for democratic candidate hillary clinton
 and why they don’t want to be with you” [video]"
 china and taiwan [video]"
"comedic icon tim allen is taking on  microagressions  in the latest episode of abc sitcom  last man standing. in friday night s installment
"our country deserves a hud secretary with the relevant experience. dr. carson is a disturbingly unqualified choice.  pic.twitter.com/gcyaiifmj3  nancy pelosi (@nancypelosi) december 5
"talk radio hosts went nuts with the news of gore s visit to trump tower today. michael savage was very disappointed but rush limbaugh gave the best comment: i m gonna tell you something
"this ex-ice agent reminds us of how ridiculous jill stein s  cherry-picked  3 state vote recount effort really is. meanwhile
"a federal judge has ordered michigan election officials to begin a massive hand recount of 4.8 million ballots cast in the presidential election at noon monday.u.s. district judge mark goldsmith issued a ruling just after midnight monday in favor of green party presidential candidate jill stein
 
 
"as foxnews.com reported:the russian-made jeep ferrying castro s ashes broke down and needed to be pushed on saturday en route to the late leader s final resting place.the breakdown of the jeep in the midst of adoring crowds chanting  long live fidel!  was symbolic of the dual nature of castro s cuba.while his legacy inspires fierce adulation by many of the nation s citizens
"salon went nuts:half windsor
 videos in users news feeds"
 
watch stein tell cnn host she is concerned about foreign intervention in our elections:
"the wisconsin election commission posts recount data on a spreadsheet every day. the latest spreadsheet totals as of 1:30 p.m. cst on december 3 show that the recount isn t changing much
"pennsylvania   according to legal documents
 
"here was trump s epic response to the leftist media:interesting how the u.s. sells taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but i should not accept a congratulatory call.  donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) december 3
"mark wahlberg has been a rapper. he appeared shirtless and grinning on a 40-foot billboard in times square. he launched his own burger chain. and he starred in some of the greatest movies ever made
"kellyanne conway:   i think the biggest fake news was that donald trump couldn t win.  pic.twitter.com/t5i68k0gw4  washington examiner (@dcexaminer) december 2
 
this is a clip of kellyanne conway and jen palmeieri getting into it:  the entire debate: 
 divisive penzeys spice co. owner threatens trump supporters…brags about increased sales since calling all trump supporters “racists”"
"congressman sean duffy and tucker carlson are both rising stars in the conservative movement. they discuss the slow walk of vote counting by bitter liberals in wisconsin:congressman: dems stalling recount in wisconsin to steal electoral votes from trump    pic.twitter.com/rgfjjhjbzl  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) december 2
 
 twice” [video]"
vp-elect appears first and then at the 6 minute mark donald trump s speech begins: 
  
"smith flies three flags in front of his house: the american flag
"megyn kelly s contract with fox news is up in 2017 we re hearing she may jump ship at fox and jump over to cnn. drudge report has an exclusive story on the possible move but rumors have been swirling about kelly for months. kelly came under fire from trump fans over the last year for her bias against the president elect. her ratings declined when conservatives realized kelly had a vindictive streak that came out against trump. drudge reported:cnn president jeff zucker is actively perusing fox star megyn kelly to anchor 8 or 9 pm on his network
 
"liberals  internal struggle in one clip: .@andersoncooper on the level
 
"obama to crowd on lost factory jobs:  cuz some of those jobs of the past are just not gonna come back. and when somebody says
 as hosts attack jill stein [video]"

"how many outspoken  never-trumper s  is donald willing to consider for roles in his administration?vice president-elect mike pence met with former secretary of state condoleezza  condi  rice in the washington
"police have identified duncan lloyd as the suspect in the recent anti-trump vandalism of an upscale grocery store in chestnut hill.assistant city solicitor duncan lloyd has been recognized as the man seen wearing a dark colored blazer in the surveillance footage that captured the november 25th vandalism of the fresh market grocery. the other suspect

"author
 
"great interview on @foxandfriends by @stevedoocy w/ carrier employee- who has a message for #peotus @realdonaldtrump & #vpeotus @mike_pence. pic.twitter.com/1nhxpn7to4  dan scavino jr. (@danscavino) november 30
"rep. tim ryan (d. ohio) had launched a bid to unseat pelosi as house minority leader
 kids
 
"hedge fund manager steve mnuchin said this morning that president-elect donald trump had selected him to lead treasury mnuchin told cnbc.mnuchin spent 17 years working at goldman sachs
051 illegal alien kids dumped in u.s. communities in october"
"a wisconsin judge has refused to order local officials to conduct the state s presidential recount by hand.green party presidential candidate jill stein requested the recount last week. she alleged   without evidence   that the state s voting equipment may have been hacked.the state elections commission has ordered the recount to begin thursday but rejected stein s request that county clerks conduct the recount entirely by hand. stein filed a lawsuit seeking an order for a statewide hand recount.stein s attorneys argued during a hearing tuesday evening that the best way to determine if a cyberattack occurred is to check ballots by hand against electronic tabulations from election day. state lawyers countered there s no evidence to suggest any attack took place.dane county circuit judge valerie bailey-rihn refused to issue the order

"ohio state university assistant director of residence life stephanie clemons thompson may have urged sympathy for suspected monday attacker abdul razak ali artan in a facebook post. the daily caller news foundation was not able to independently verify the authenticity of the post
"remember when children of the president or president-elect used to be  off limits  to the press or even those who may have objected to the the views of the president? i wonder how rosie would feel about someone spreading a totally unfounded rumor about one of her children all over social media melania trump has hired a famous lawyer who is now threatening a lawsuit over a video suggesting her 10-year-old son
 
"kellogg co. is pulling its ads from the website breitbart news
 
 
"jill stein got less than 1% of the vote nationwide in our presidential election
"watch:. @jordanfabian if there is no #voterfraud
 criticized college for not having muslim prayer rooms on campus"
"we mentioned in an article yesterday that the real objective behind this recount effort is probably not to find voter fraud
 
 open borders angela merkel sees re-election poll numbers drop…orders 100
"here s the link to the app: boycott trump this app has been promoted by the democratic coalition against trump this app is a first step in our larger boycott trump campaign
"i just want to start with what you just heard from newt gingrich and mike huckabee
"a senior donald trump adviser is calling hillary clinton s decision to join a recount effort  incredible  and noting that the president-elect has not ruled out pursuing a criminal investigation into his former democratic rival.trump adviser kellyanne conway told cnn s  state of the nation  that trump has not ruled out a criminal probe into clinton s use of a private email server as secretary of state
 wi
"watch jill stein explain why she s working to force a recount in 3 states that used to be democrat strongholds: ms. stein starts in her answers during the cnn interview in the video above
 
 
 wi and pa?”…”um…no” [video] "
 
"google maps was alerted to a  mysterious  change in name on trump tower and the trump hotel by users and immediately changed the names back. some small-minded vindictive person changed the name to dump tower:was this the work of a hacker or an inside job by a rogue google employee? google didn t say in their statement: some inappropriate names were surfacing in google maps that should not be
"tick tock! time is running out for hillary clinton and george soros to steal the presidency from donald trump. too bad they didn t get this little snag worked out ahead of time. it looks like it may not be as easy as jill stein
"democratic party presidential nominee hillary clinton may have publicly conceded the presidency to republican presidential nominee donald trump the morning after the november 8 election but behind the scenes she was scheming with an army of operatives to find ways to steal the presidency from trump.hillary supporter bumps into the clintons walking in the woods  #westchestercounty pic.twitter.com/oyu5cl79bn  westchester roundup (@westchesterru) november 16
"the wisconsin elections commission announced friday that it would hold a statewide recount of the presidential vote. the move was in response to petitions from two candidates
"unhinged leftists are calling for a boycott of ivanka trump s fashion line but nordstrom is sticking with her. now customers are calling for a boycott of nordstrom because they refused to ditch ivanka trump s brand.please let nordstrom know how much you appreciate them not caving in to the left: nordstrom feedback nordstrom s social media pages have been flooded with shoppers threatening to boycott the retailer if it does not stop selling the president-elect s daughter s shoe
"what will obama do?well
"a post on reddit citing an investigative journalist reads as follows:  red alert! jim stone discovers soros bot funding jill stein s recount campaign at rate of $160
 
"ian jackson: people have been slightly concerned about the trail and as your last guest pointed out it s very decentralized.ed henryy: uh-huh. when you say  slightly concerned
 
 
 like hitler
" in asking kt mcfarland to become his deputy national security advisor
"why a recount only in states that trump won?why a recount in michigan
"was this just another staged photo-op? we think so..it would appear that this is also a staged photo-op just like the  random  photo while on a walk in the woods brittany valente shared a photo on instagram that she took with hillary: the media wants you to believe this was another random hillary sighting. but as jack posobiec pointed out brittany valente is a marketing director for a pr firm.and
"cnn is disgusting!you ve asked me eight times!sean spicer blows up when wolf blitzer (wolfie the blinker) pushes on neo-nazis #crookedmedia pic.twitter.com/gf57wv6wyi  trump anomaly (@anomaly1) november 23
 12 dead cops!”…three police officers ambushed the same weekend [video]"
 and he’s gonna trash the place on the way out the door” [video]"
 
"president obama delivered his final #thanksgiving address and called for americans to  speak out for what is right.  pic.twitter.com/1owl8eoow2  fox news (@foxnews) november 24
"the city s first transgender police officer was kept out of an event at the san diego lgbt community center because she was wearing her uniform.the transgender day of awareness
 
 
"just imagine how many brilliant young american minds could benefit from their education if their teachers and professors put as much effort into actually teaching their students as they do indoctrinating them with their liberal web of mistruths and distortions an email encouraging extra credit for student participation at a liberal protest has prompted a conservative backlash at the university of pittsburgh and an explanation from school officials.the email
 mike huckabee: romney would “be a real insult” to voters [video]"
 
 
 

 kasich supporter
"elton john will perform at donald trump s inauguration
" here s gigi hadid s ridiculous apology to melania
 
"mark cuban looks to be cozying up to donald trump again
"lifelong socialist
 mi and pa"
" there is nothing un-american about reparations    angela ryeangela rye
 
"new yorkers boo as donald trump leaves the new york times building after meeting    deshaunsmrk  (@deshaunsmrk) november 22
"student government leaders at loyola university maryland faced a barrage of pressure from the university administration to change the theme of a senior class party described as  very alienating
"there are no records available for this year
 you get bullied [video]"
"these disrespectful crybabies are in for a rude awakening when they graduate from college and have to face a real and sometimes very harsh world. if the american flag offends them
 
"they had to know they had it coming donald trump scolded media big shots during an off-the-record trump tower sitdown on monday
"something was bothering donald trump as he made his victory speech after the election. the newly minted president-elect took the stage with at least 40 of his closest aides and allies
ouch!
"one of president-elect donald trump s potential cabinet picks showed photographers more than he intended over the weekend
"the president who shoved his radical agenda down the throats of americans is about to watch his legacy unwind in favor of jobs and a stronger economy  president obama s eight-year effort to rein in the energy and mining industries with environmental regulations will likely come to a halt under president-elect donald trump
 
"clyde wayne crews of the competitive enterprise institute warns that obama s manufacturing of regulations is not over. with the amount of time left in the year
"kellyanne conway defends trump s  hamilton  twitter scrap:  why do you care    cnn (@cnn) november 21
 
"#breaking @realbencarson on #foxreport: if after meeting and they (trump transition team) decide they want me
 
 enabler of sexual predator “worries” about sexual predator in white house [video]"
 daughter…defends player posting picture of his “junk” on social media [video]"
 
"when not lecturing the trump administration form his bully pulpit
"the obamas are moving into a nine-bedroom mansion in the kalorama section of washington   the posh neighborhood of diplomats and dc old money   while younger daughter sasha finishes high school at sidwell friends. but they have apparently been buying real estate elsewhere
"vid: @ingrahamangle decimates @thejuanwilliams for  team of radicals  charge.  why people despise  dc. #fns #ttt16 pic.twitter.com/wk0qlbsgxu  brent baker (@brenthbaker) november 20
".@missdiagnosis: ""he's our president and i think it's very important as a citizen for us to support him."" pic.twitter.com/qv6xui89le  fox news (@foxnews) november 20
"the former ceo of a local cybersecurity firm is talking first to 10news   about his threat to shoot president-elect donald trump.team 10 investigator allison ash sat down with matt harrigan tuesday afternoon. he tells allison he s been getting death threats since the posts went viral and he and his family have relocated until the storm settles.harrigan was the ceo of packetsled until he resigned his position tuesday morning. he said he s sorry for his words
 
"the new york post reported: melania is extremely close to barron
 
 
"political activist and hillary supporter amal clooney traveled to texas to warn americans about our elected president donald j. trump and his tough immigration policies. maybe she didn t get the memo trump s tough immigration stance is what catapulted him to the top of the heap in the crowded pack of gop primary contenders. it wasn t too long ago that her arrogant liberal husband announced with great confidence
"here's pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at hamilton pic.twitter.com/irqg68x1sb  david k (@dkipke12) november 19
"the victim speaks out   this is shameful! kptv   fox 12a car was spray-painted with anti-donald trump graffiti and then set on fire in southeast portland.a reward up to $1
the video below might be a great one to show the hillary supporters bitter much?the holderness family makes the funniest videos and this one is no exception! 
"here s pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at hamilton pic.twitter.com/irqg68x1sb  david k (@dkipke12) november 19
"mike pompeo is president-elect trump s new cia director.a year ago
 
"it s about time an adult steps up and takes control of these lawless
 lies
"a san antonio
"the left s suppression of speech and viewpoints by conservatives has never been more dangerous. let s hope this new administration is able to reverse this very scary trend. i prayed for the best leader that will turn this country that has become more violent and racist under the obama administration than ever   into the america i once knew 
" i would have voted for trump.    kanye west pic.twitter.com/g9qxat7arc  billy (@billycrossover) november 18
"the main stream media wasted no time in trashing congressman pompeo and his supposed  anti-islamic rhetoric :pompeo
"sen. jefferson beauregard sessions iii
"starbucks sjws call cops on customer for requesting  trump  name on his coffee cup. pic.twitter.com/wlboxgzezf  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) november 18
 
 
 
 trump bashing ad [video]"
"remember the famous moment when us national intelligence chief james clapper was testifying about the nsa surveillance of americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. of course
"clinton admits she can t handle the loss   can you imagine how she d handle the presidency? ""now
"megyn kelly started out like a shooting star as an anchor on fox news but is now crashing down in so many ways. here s the latest epic failure she s been out hawking her new book all over the place but the people just aren t buyin  it. what s even better is they re totally ripping her in the amazon reviews and giving her one out of five stars (see below).we d like to say that a big dose of karma has hit ms. kelly and we can t think of a more deserving person.she literally used her position against donald trump to promote her book and career. who knows if her accusations that donald trump screamed at her are true. how can he defend himself from the horrible things she s said about him?we think his supporters have done a great job of helping him out. amazon is on fire with one star reviews for kelly. we think she should rename her book  settle for more  to  settle for one star real
 
"approximately one year ago
 gateway pundit
 buttercup!”…iowa lawmaker names best bill ever [video]"
 the more it takes away his power”"
 
here s a reminder of jonathan gruber insulting the american people over and over: 
"the press was not happy and took to twitter to have a temper tantrum:the only way the press eventually ascertained his whereabouts was after a bloomberg reporter
"ted cruz would be fair
 
 
 
"when asked why they re protesting
"we reported yesterday that tea party favorite congressman dave bratt asked house members to consider electing another person to replace the anti-trump (until days before the election) paul ryan. apparently no one cared enough to listen to the voices of 100% fed up americans paul ryan has recently pledged to support trump. we ll see about that when it comes to immigration.paul ryan was unanimously chosen for another term as house speaker by his republican colleagues on tuesday as he called for his party to unite behind president-elect donald trump.the 46-year-old wisconsin republican
"glenn beck has just proven once again
".@kriskobach1787: trump has made clear that sanctuary cities could lose federal grants if the mayors continue to defy federal law pic.twitter.com/mgryjdcdfi  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) november 15
 
"the look on their faces when the truth hits them right in the jaw is priceless! cnn gets owned . again!#truthhurtsdon t #stopbannon pic.twitter.com/zrf2b4x8rn  keep n it real! (@jomainevent) november 15
"trump will bring churchill back to the white house after obama embarrassed himself and our nation by removing the bust and replacing it with a picture of himself on the cover of the radical leftist rag
"isn t it the job of the current president to call for calm? these are his supporters rioting in the streets!pres. obama says he told trump
 it’s a tantrum” [video]"
"part of the problem is that organizations are registering people without  any proof they are legal american citizens .leaked funding documents reveal an effort by george soros and his foundations to manipulate election laws and process rules ahead of the federal election far more expansively than has been previously reported.the billionaire and convicted felon moved hundreds of millions of dollars into often-secret efforts to change election laws
"trump warned us we d be sick of winning who knew cnn would be sick of winning before trump even officially assumes his role of president? the big surge on november 7 snapped a nine-day losing streak for stocks that many attributed to donald trump s newfound momentum. wall street had decided clinton was going to be the next president   and they wholeheartedly approved.so the fact that the market continued to rally last week after trump won is
"but is threatening trump on social media considered a serious crime? will he be locked up? (read below to find answer to this question)matt harrigan at packetsledmatt harrigan is the ceo of packetsled and critical assets and a board member for owasp is calling for an assassination. call the police
"woman arrested at anti-trump protest in fort lauderdale after throwing water on trump supporters.pic.twitter.com/mxge5qooyi  breaking911 (@breaking911) november 14
"mrs. clinton s campaign was so confident in her victory that her aides popped open champagne on the campaign plane early tuesday. but that conviction

"ben carson says he s still ironing out his role in the incoming administration of president-elect donald trump
 
 it’s called construction”"
"there have been many articles written about george soros and his collectivist activism. soros is a business magnate
"portland rioters have been chasing a trump supporters truck for 8 blocks. pic.twitter.com/zjyr5c5h5x  just call me mister (@mistermetokur) november 11
" the flag ruffled an otherwise-peaceful event friday
 blocking roads
 
"nothing says  thanksgiving  or  family  like a room full of brain washed liberals sitting around the dinner table talking about ways to strip americans of their constitutional rights this thanksgiving
"the chance encounter a mother hiking with her daughter had with hillary clinton the day after losing the election may not be what it has been made out to seem.margot gerster was out hiking with her daughter when she ran into hillary and bill clinton in the upstate new york town of chappaqua
 
"hillary clinton matched president obama s historically low percentage of the jewish vote
"knowing there were problems ahead for the jews
"okay
"here s how mcnaughton describes the painting:against the background of a darkening sky
"thanks to george soros
 
"one agent   gilad azaria   has 7 listings in trump buildings
 crybaby anti-trump punks: “if you’re on any government assistance…i would cut you off!”"
 
" as protests continue across the country
 
"robert de niro gave anti-donald trump protesters across the united states his backing friday as he spoke about how  depressed  the tycoon s win in the presidential election had made him.the 73-year-old star was on the red carpet at the world premiere of his new film  the comedian  in los angeles when he was asked how he was coping with trump s victory over democratic rival hillary clinton. how am i doing? i m very depressed
"the leftist teachers and the press are part of the huge problem of misinformation about donald trump. they are partly to blame for the violence and hate out there. here s a perfect example: a self-described mentor for the girl who attacked jade urged compassion for the suspended student.  we don t want a mistake during a highly emotional and intense time to affect her long-term future
"trump began a more targeted outreach to catholics after hiring catholic steve bannon of breitbart.com to be his campaign chairman
"donald trump values loyalty in a big way so who better than his incredible children to lead the team for his transition to the presidency. if you ve been following the children of trump on the campaign trail then you know they re smart and very business savvy.trump moved away from christ christie and chose vp mike pence as the leader of the team another great choice!the list of 12 via the nyt:the president-elect told advisers he wanted to tap mr. pence s washington experience and contacts to help move the process along
"a comparison of records by david goldstein
 
 
 
 race riots
"this is obama s legacy of hate and division
"justice for children without voices: we have spoken to detective luerra with arcola police department and confirmed that the children seen in the video are safe and a case now has been opened. arcola police department is diligently working with cps and the district attorney s office. we want to send a huge thank you to deputy fisherhill and detective luerra for the fast response in making sure these children are safe. and a huge thank you to all of our members who gave this child a voice and helped us get the info to the correct investigating department. we look forward to working with this department
"this is fantastic! mike rowe tells a fan why trump won nails it! here is rowe s post from his facebook page:hey mike. you ve been very quiet. everything ok? i just wanted you to know that i voted for you. i was also hoping you might explain what the hell happened on tuesday
 
ronald reagan shut down the berkeley protests many years ago this is how you do it! 
"here s what the election map for crooked hillary vs. trump in oregon looked:due to extensive criminal and dangerous behavior
" you re carrying mexican flags while chanting
 
 
"ken blackwell
"keep in mind
 
 
"obama: time for us to come together
"the bitter battle for the presidency is over. democratic candidate hillary clinton lost. but the republican party is far from done with the former secretary of state
"president-elect trump saluted by firefighters as he leaves new york for meeting with president obama:president-elect trump saluted by firefighters as he leaves new york for meeting with president obama pic.twitter.com/ryzp1745wi  president trump?? (@thepatriot143) november 10
"it s easy to glance at tuesday s popular vote   which
"they laughed at us when we said @realdonaldtrump would win this morning they're too devastated to get out of bed.#maga #trumptrain pic.twitter.com/a0xapdid7k  harlan z. hill (@harlan) november 9
 i have no doubt the market tanks”…so here’s what really happened [video]"
"the gma reporter shows several  random  people on the streets of sevnica
"during the first half of their extended post-election coverage wednesday evening
"this is 1 of 7 anti-trump rallies raging across america. wouldn t it make sense for obama and soros to prey on the anger so many americans are feeling right now over trump s win?according to social media posts by komo-tv and other sources
"they pulled every trick in the book. from manufactured polls designed to discourage trump supporters from going to vote on election day
"the u.s. government spends $22 billion a year to fight the global warming crisis (twice as much as it spends protecting our border). to put that in perspective
 
" thousands of students from berkeley high school walked out of class and flooded the uc berkeley campus wednesday morning in protest of tuesday night s general election victory for republican nominee donald trump.the outraged reaction to the announcement of trump s victory follows the chaotic scene earlier this morning
"stop blaming white people for trumps win last night. america voted for actual change. pic.twitter.com/ulisjcoiig  stacy washington (@stacyontheright) november 9
 then says he’s not gonna blame anyone [video]"
"a true story of how americans rejected socialism
"trump won among several groups of women roving all of the so-called experts wrong. while clinton won among women overall by more than 10 percentage points
"way to thank the hard working campaign staff hillary clinton didn t address her supporters tonight instead
 
"rush limbaugh got it wrong earlier today but makes a great point about the washington elites:conservative radio great rush limbaugh announced to his audience tuesday that he s been told that  george w. bush and laura bush voted for hillary clinton today
 
"protest inside polling station where trump votes. two women arrested. #election2016 #vote pic.twitter.com/yxxkb8nwmd  sharon clott kanter (@sharonclott) november 8
 
"we all know by now that the biggest threat to the integrity of our vote is our very own president
"the election is tuesday. so it s time to make my final case for donald j. trump. my case is pretty simple   it s trump or it s the end of america.i was raised as a middle-class kid in the greatest country in world history. a country built around mobility
"the economic stagnancy of the obama years is to blame for plummeting life expectancy rates among white
 
 
"bill clinton campaigned at a church in flint
"a bernie sanders supporter who slammed hillary clinton at her own rally in iowa was kicked off stage after urging attendees not to vote for clinton because you can t trust her.kaleb vanfosson
"trump is going to win in a landslide
"republican national committee (rnc) chairman reince priebus reacted to fbi director james comey s letter on sunday informing congress the agency will not change its previous decision to not recommend criminal charges against hillary clinton in the e-mail probe.priebus released the following statement reminding voters the fbi continues to investigate the clinton foundation: the fbi s findings from its criminal investigation of hillary clinton s secret email server were a damning and unprecedented indictment of her judgment. the fbi found evidence clinton broke the law
here s the link to the hacked emails so you can see for yourself: wikileaks dnc emailsasking for questions for trump:wolf blitzer needs to go!!!!
"in crisp lawyerly style
"scum of the earth. these few examples we re stumbling across. how many more cases of voter fraud have already been committed by hillary supporters who are truly afraid of losing to trump on november 8th? trump was attacked during a rally in reno
"these people are sick and evil. they will stop at nothing to get their way. laws mean nothing to them
"650
"an email released by wikileaks on sunday appears to show a former top aide to bill clinton arguing that an investigation into clinton foundation spending would show that chelsea clinton used foundation resources for her own wedding.the email
"the only way hillary and tim kaine can win this election at this point
 
"well
watch:here s the truth about the clinton foundation and how they  helped  the haitians: 
"comedian dave chappelle has been prepping for his november 12 hosting slot on saturday night live with a series of surprise shows at the cutting room in new york. on friday night
"secret service agents rushed donald trump offstage on saturday evening during a rally in reno
"the clintons were the original  birthers
"the clinton foundation has confirmed it accepted a $1 million gift from qatar while hillary clinton was u.s. secretary of state without informing the state department
 
 
 
 stronger
’ please vote [video]"
"for all the hate democrats openly express for fox news
"**language warning***many people don t know this
"beyonc  is reportedly set to join democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton on friday in ohio
"this is truly a chilling story of organized voter fraud we reported on a massive voter fraud operation was discovered in democratic broward county
 
"julian assange met with john pilger of dartmouth films to discuss what he thinks is the most significant revelation of all in his wikileaks email dumps related to the clinton s.here is a stunning portion of their exchange:assange:  isil and isis are funded by saudi arabia and qatar
"too bad for hillary she wasn t actually telling the truth that time watch: hillary clinton saying in 2000 that she doesn't like emails because you can't hide it from investigators. pic.twitter.com/dhr7cnz8bc  the vice president (@mikepencevp) july 31
 
 semen and breastmilk…hillary’s campaign chairman’s most disturbing email leak [video]"
"the fbi reportedly has found emails from hillary clinton s private server on the laptop computer seized from anthony weiner   and they are not duplicates of those already found in the server probe
 
 doesn’t he?"
"the national archives inspector general investigated the theft. later emails released by the state department do not indicate if the federal government ever found the hard drive.there s also the separate case of sandy berger who literally stuck documents in his clothes and left the national archives with them. he was later found cutting the documents up with scissors! it s understood that he wanted to destroy any papers with writing/notes written in the margins. he was the national security advisor for the clinton administration and it appears he was a good and loyal soldier to the clintons when he destroyed evidence these two case of stolen documents have not been solved and we feel it s yet another case of a clinton coverup a newly released email from the state department shows that hillary clinton was informed in april 2009 of a massive theft of data pertaining to former president bill clinton s white house records.on april 13
 
 
" the clinton camp has been able to project a neo-mccarthyist hysteria that russia is responsible for everything. hillary clinton has stated multiple times
"the most  transparent administration in history  will go down in history as the most corrupt president obama only learned of hillary clinton s private email address use for official state department business after a new york times report
 update from brett baier this morning: 
 it’s cuz you want the (food) stamps…get your a*s up and get to work
catherine herridge: one of the key things we ve learned in the fbi interviews known as 302s came from clinton aide huma abedin. she told the fbi investigators that every time hillary clinton s personal address changed they would update the white house so the president could continue receiving hillary clinton s emails on his high security devices including his blackberry.
"cubs close out indians to win first series since 1908 mike montgomery gets michael martinez to ground into the final out
 in-fighting between fbi agents"
 hillary clinton is under investigation by the law again [video]"
"her husband s overseas in the military
"are the most criminal
"fox news host bill hemmer asked congressman michael mccaul (r-tx)
" is a screen shot of the letter in a  tweet from fox news with a copy of the entire letter (harder to view):#breaking: @floridagop & @blaiseingoglia alleging ""violations"" by broward co. election office w/ ballot-by-mail counting. letter attached: pic.twitter.com/muu483fifl  heather lacy (@heather_lacy1) november 2
"anthony weiner
 other crooked democrats [video]"
"sheriff clarke:  barack obama for seven plus years has played the race card   that every time somebody criticized him it was because he was black and it scared off a lot of republicans. so now they re going to switch and try to play the gender card. problem is the american public is tired of this class warfare. the reason why they don t like mrs. bill clinton is not because she s a woman. it s because she s dishonest and because she s hiding something. she s hiding the truth. she tries to play herself off as a victim   like she s little red riding hood but she s more like the big bad wolf. as soon as you turn your back on her
"wow!  thrill up his leg  for obama
"a longtime clinton ally and donor has a theory about black republicans: they re like the jewish guards in concentration camps who tried to save their own skins by helping the nazis kill jews. in a hidden-camera video released wednesday by project veritas action
"lou dobbs: so you would agree with those who say it would take something substantial for comey to have gone this far. he s not sitting here looking at a pig in a poke.former fbi asst. director james kallstrom: no i don t think so but i don t really think he knows how big the pig is or how big the poke is. and when you look at it this way could there be anything more important than the stuff they didn t look at the first time. you know
"in 2008 barack obama promised to shut down the coal industry:hillary also promised to shut down the coal industry as part of her campaign platform. when politicians like barack obama and hillary put special interests and lobbyists who are using phony climate change to collect billions in federal  green subsidies  over working americans
 
"hillary clinton was reportedly drunk at a rally in new jersey according to several sources but you be the judge: rumors of hillary clinton s chronic alcohol use have been swirling around the politician for years
"michelle obama has scrubbed any reference to hillary from her twitter account what? like with a cloth or something? lol!seriously though
" it s highly illegal and it s likely that the owners of these aircraft took tax deductions as a gift to the clinton foundation
"just look away. the democrats don t have any plans to steal your vote. if you don t believe us
"the man running hillary clinton s campaign is getting paid to advise a foundation run by a key clinton donor
"since march of 2010
"hey bernie how s that whole queen of wall street/ democrat mob boss endorsement working out for you?wikileaks has released another batch of emails. one of those emails is likely from joel johnson
"ohio governor john kasich
"this latest wikileaks email is evidence of more than just  smoke where hillary s concerned it places her in the middle of the fire. will the fbi finally take the appropriate actions and give hillary the same treatment every other american would receive
 top doj official in hillary fbi probe: he “kept me of jail”"
"please go to the best mulch facebook page and give them a thumbs up!thank you all for the overwhelming support! we have gone viral! please feel free to stop by and take pictures with hillary! she will be out from dusk until dawn!originally i only had the trump sign posted in front of my business
"every day we learn of a new security breach or criminal act by hillary
"is this apology too little too late? after one year of bashing trump
 
"this video shows the frightening ease with which a hacker is able to completely change the outcome of an election. at the end of the video
000 emails the fbi discovered [video]"
please check out our previous in-depth look at abedin below:hillary s right-hand woman: huma abedin s job at a radical muslim journal calls into question security clearance for state departmenthillary s #1 aide huma abedin: what you need to know! 
"jimmy carter s democrat pollster pat caddell is predicting a trump tsunami
"here is danney williams tragic story. there is something very sweet and sincere about this young man. he comes across as very credible
"you just can t make this up! cnn fires black democrat operative/chairman for getting caught giving debate question she got from cnn to hillary prior to the debate. we re just wondering out loud
 throw hillary under the bus on fbi investigation?"
 
"same-sex marriages
"the truth hurts  the idea that there are people in america who would willingly vote for a person to be our next president
"another untold story of a random act of kindness by president donald j. trump iranian-american pastor saeed abedini is brimming with gratitude for one u.s. presidential aspirant: donald trump.in a surprising revelation
 
"hillary gives pay-to-play a whole new meaning lady gaga
 
“financial crimes or influence-peddling”…doj appeared to want to slow down or stop investigation"
"this is hands down the best commentary yet on the democrats and the crooked
"scumbag senator harry reid (d-nv) lays bare how democrats handle anyone who opposes them in his arrogant
"one can only imagine what kind of relationship hillary has with her very close top aide s soon to be ex-husband fox news sunday reported this morning that anthony weiner is cooperating with the fbi
000 emails: “pissed off”"
 
"the woman whose criminal investigation has been reopened by the fbi is speaking to a sparsely populated black church in ft. lauderdale florida. we are only 9 days away from the election people and this woman still can barely fill a phone booth with legitimate supporters hillary clinton at mount olive baptist church fort lauderdale pic.twitter.com/czgrubr9sn  amy sherman (@amysherman1) october 30
"pop star madonna got raunchy while introducing comedian amy schumer at a performance in new york city tuesday night
"the clintons always blame somebody else. now it s fbi director james comey s turn to embody their all-purpose bogeyman
via: tmz
"the woman s name is denise scott. you can donate to her here.all funds will go to provide denise care:   immediate & affordable housing   health assessment and medical treatment   food supplies   winter and summer clothing / shoes / hygiene products   personal identification registration as needed (licenses
 
a lawless party whose end always justifies the means why wouldn t everyone want another lawless president residing over our nation from a party with no morals or respect for the laws of our nation?
"bloomberg takes a look at cities that are doing just that:the latest is san francisco
"the days of the leftist media controlling the narrative are officially over donald trump and melania trump held and interview with george stephanopoulos from abc news. stephanopoulos always tries to come across as some sort of intellectual non-biased journalist but this is far from the truth.stephanopoulos worked for the clintons in the 1990 s and was the white house communications director from 1992 through 1996.george also donated to the clinton foundation and was noted in wikileaks as one of the many media  journalists  doing all they can to get hillary elected.but he got trumped   at the 18 min 40 second mark of the interview he asks trump if he would have done anything different and trump s response was epic.george stephanopoulos: when you look back over the sweep of this campaign
"why didn t the fbi look at huma s shared computer the first time around? whether the fbi demanded clinton s aides turn over personal devices and any they shared with their partners when it launched the investigation in july 2015 is not clear. detectives are investigating emails on a computer shared by clinton s former chief of staff
"here s why clinton and abedin should be flipping out: multiple state employees  told the fbi that they considered emailing abedin  the equivalent of e-mailing clinton.  another close clinton aide told the fbi that  abedin may have kept emails that clinton did not. the electronic device shared by hillary clinton aide huma abedin and husband anthony weiner on which the fbi found more clinton emails was a laptop and it contained tens-of-thousands of emails
"fbi director james comey defied his boss s instructions when he told congress he will reopen the probe into hillary clinton private e-mail server
"nbc reports:the fbi is reviewing a new batch of hillary clinton emails
 
 wife of us citizen arrested in texas after voting 5 times!"
"crooked hillary has always been crooked. she s just been better than anyone america s ever seen at not getting caught on september 5
"a woman in hollywood
 
 
"a 74-year-old woman tasked with opening envelopes sent by miami-dade county voters with their completed mail ballots was arrested friday after co-workers caught her illegally marking ballots
 
"washington   federal law enforcement officials said friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into hillary clinton s use of a private email server were discovered after the f.b.i. seized electronic devices belonging to huma abedin
 “lock her up” [video]"
 as new details emerge"
"vice president joe biden has reportedly been added to a potential shortlist of hillary clinton s choices for secretary of state if she were to be elected president in november.the clinton campaign has not formally reached out to biden but has put him at the top of its list
 honor our veterans"
"clinton s state department waste and mismanagementthese are all state department expenditures during her tenure: $5.4 million on a no-bid contract for crystal stemware $167.5 million on cost overruns at the embassy in kabul
"amid the tumult of the 2016 presidential campaign
 triggering sh*t…and post it all over social media” [video]"
"an aug. 8
"hillary clinton s state department was one of those agencies which signed off on the deal.nine shareholders connected to uranium one contributed a combined $145 million to the clinton foundation before or during the time the review took place. some of those donations were not publicly disclosed at the time
"this ad is disgusting in so many ways. the video shows a group of kids bullying and name calling another kid because his dad didn t vote. we ve seen these tactics used before with union members and other leftists in the democrat party. but at a time when schools and parents are being asked to be more vigilant about bullying
"if we didn t know better we d think either bill clinton is senile or he s trying to sabotage hillary s campaign! a not-so-slick willie was campaigning in goldsboro
 “why can’t you go any closer?”"
" there s no way to sample this extra 20 or 25% of new voters that are trump supporters. sid miller
"watch cnn
 
"a close aide to bill clinton said he arranged for $50 million in payments for the former president
 
"must watch: msnbc interviews black women voters about donald trump. very powerful! share this video! pic.twitter.com/tse3eshcdm  deplorable aj (@asamjulian) october 26
"brunell donald-kyei:  we want tougher immigration. to make sure that our borders are safe! that we are not fighting illegal aliens and refugees for jobs! americans are tired of fighting other people for jobs! that frustration is real. that hurt is real. and for the pols and different people to dismiss that? it s not right! the most important issue to me is economics. because the last eight years   the economy   the poor people of this nation have suffered. the middle class has suffered. and let me tell you something: the american people don t want to be dealing with a president going into office with all the baggage
 children and senior citizens? [video]"
"here s wikipedia on dominion voting: yes
via: tmz
000 emails aren’t lost after all"
 democratic operative
"watch hillary laugh when the woman who is introducing her at one of her tiny rallies
this is outrageous! 
 
very interesting remarks from a guy who is in up to his neck with the underbelly of the democrat party 

"students at the university of california
"why was braverman on transition team for obama/biden 2009 and then ceo to clinton foundation? a little incestuous don t ya think? podesta tells tanden the mole is eric braverman to which she replies
 but leaders are priceless.” [video]"
"candidate trump gave a great speech that was about reclaiming our government. we feel it s perfect for today   independence day!  this is not simply another 4-year election. this is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not we the people reclaim control over our government.    djttranscript: our movement is about replacing a failed and corrupt political establishment with a new government controlled by you
"clinton pandered to black lives matter while ignoring police officers and the work they do in the communities across america:@hillaryclinton meets with black lives matter and says its members will play an  important  and  constructive role  in america s future pic.twitter.com/8ianmb7apw  varney & co. (@varneyco) october 24
" every nameless
"remember combetta is hillary s oh sh*t it guy:breaking: female law student busts hillary s  oh sh*t  it guy who was seeking help to scrub hillary s name from emails wikileaks applauds!the same day that president barack obama publicly insisted that he learned about hillary clinton s use of private email for government business from news reports
"we ve been telling you all week to ignore the manufactured polls and lies being told by mainstream  journalists  (of which 65 have been found to be in collusion with hillary s camp)designed to discourage and deflate donald trump supporters. the crowds
"breaking: #timkaine rally only about 30 people show up. her campaign is dead in #florida nobody wants #hillaryclinton serial liar corrupt pic.twitter.com/vgnwghxxgs  trump street team fl (@chatrevolve) october 24
"it s difficult to tell what obama s doing with lists excluding white christians as cabinet position possibilities but it s wrong and it s discrimination! obama is everything he claims conservative americans are he s a bigot!this follows a pattern of the obama administration using race and religion to determine hiring
"a group of  deplorables  who are clearly sick and tired of the propaganda being passed off as  truth  by the clinton news network (cnn) managed to effectively shut down their pre-coverage of the virginia beach trump rally. you gotta love the big guy wearing the infowars bill clinton  rape  t-shirt. you can hear the trumpers yelling
"those who were  shocked  by the latest abc / washington post goal seeking report (aka  poll ) that shows hillary opening up a 12-point lead with likely voters after the latest debate last wednesday need to look a little further. ironically
"many of the hacks on this list like rachel maddow
 
"wikileaks released an email from center for american progress president neera tanden
"this morning on @foxandfriends
" trump is peaking at just the right time!trump held a rally in st. augustine
" clinton s radicalized rhetoric has championed both bans on what she calls  weapons of war
"  this facebook user s comment about  donald duck  is in reference to new video that was just released today by project veritas
"elizabeth warren (@elizabethforma):  get this donald: nasty women are tough
" a new report from the government accountability institute (gai) concludes that the obama administration s department of justice has been extorting fines from major banks
they published skewed polls in michigan: 
"one of the emails contained in the wikileaks  podesta email release shows that hillary clinton had gun control supporters planted in a town hall audience in manchester
"wikileaks released another email showing how phony hillary s campaign has been from the start. americans should never believe the polls. hillary has never given americans a reason to want to get behind her. its why she and her camp
 close hillary friend gave wife of fbi official overseeing hillary email investigation $467
 
dennis ross is a prior obama and clinton crony goes on to speak without any questioning from shawn and then at the end shawn speaks of ross and his  decades of experience propaganda!!! 
 vandalism
"many americans were shocked by the latest abc/washington post goal seeking report (aka  poll ) that shows hillary opening up a 12-point lead with likely voters after the latest debate last wednesday. ironically
 
former u.s. attorney joseph digenova slammed fbi director james comey s handling of the investigation into hillary clinton s private email server. digenova says  people both currently in the fbi and with the fbi consider comey to be a dirty cop. 
remember when hillary read the word  sigh  instead of actually sighing? hillary reads off of the teleprompter an emotion that was meant to be a sigh and not the word  sigh    too funny! 
 but wikileaks emails aren’t [video]"
chelsea s emails are under diane reynolds 
" one party favors open borders
podesta writes:  good idea. was your nose growing long today? that was rough. 
  
 
" on november eighth
"can halloween tell us who ll win the white house? apparently
" the first time i heard negan ask for  50 percent of everything you had
 
" all of the tracking polls keep holding at trump being ahead
 
 pa [video]"
"besides nancy pelosi
"four months ago
 they have this tendency to try to tilt things in their direction.” [video]"
"donald trump announced he s making a symbolic speech at gettysburg
"father gerald murphy goes off on hillary clinton following her speech at the al smith elite charity dinner last night in new york
"every single day for months on end
***share this hill-arious video everywhere!***
"the women in this video are serious minded voters. they are moms who fear for the safety of their children and grandchildren. they speak for so many of us who are sick and tired of living under a government who puts the safety and security of our nation after political correctness.we are living in perilous times
 
"why is this woman not in jail?the evidence is overwhelming that hillary was putting our national security at risk by taking money for the clinton foundation slush fund from foreign governments while secretary of state
 by allowing sexual predator
"google trends can be very telling. these google trends comparing users interest in donald j. trump vs. hillary clinton say a lot about who americans are more interested in learning more about. while the results of these searches are likely not based on an oversampled group of democrats
 
 while hillary was forced to admit support for barbaric partial-birth abortion"
melania trump is pure class. she refuses to allow anderson cooper to destroy her husband or his reputation in this powerful and classy interview here s part ii:
"as i ve said for years   on radio
 
hillary s such a champion of gay rights that her campaign is being funded by countries who throw gays off buildings. watch hillary laugh about it when donald j. trump brings it up during their final debate:hill-arious!
 
"last night during the third debate
"without saying any words
"is it not enough that hillary has compromised our national security with her unsecured email server that contained top classified security emails? in her rush to prove how much more she knows that donald j. trump when it comes to national security
 
"here is the list of republicans who won t support trump. the candidates highlighted in blue are in close races in their states.hmmm .i wonder how many of these politicians wouldn t be in close races today if they had endorsed trump? kelly ayotte
"dear barack obama
 john podesta!”[video]"
"[warning: story contains graphic language]pop star madonna got raunchy while introducing comedian amy schumer at a performance in new york city tuesday night
"here s the evidence of just how much danger we re in:globalist and one world demon george soros is mentioned over 50 times in the wikileaks emails. doesn t that tell us so much about what the democrats are up to? who runs the us? apparently george soros.the liberal billionaire funder
"former fbi asst director james kallstrom endorses donald j. trump  and he s emotional about it:  our country is going down the tubes.  pic.twitter.com/ym6yxwhah6  varney & co. (@varneyco) october 19
"clinton news network  a propaganda arm of the clinton campaign
"nc republican headquarters firebombed by the terrorists on the leftindiana republican office vandalized:delaware county
" we have always adhered to the highest standards of transparency and legality  lol! sounds like he may be living in an alt-left world andrew breitbart would be so proud of james o keefe if he were alive today. we are in a serious #war with the left and o keefe is on the front lines.robert creamer
"don t believe the polls. they are created in such a way (many by hillary operatives or supporters) to discourage voters from turning out to vote on nov. 8th. if america is to defeat the massive voter fraud by democrats that we ve been witnessing on undercover videos and reading in newspapers
"the ecuadorian government admitted on tuesday they cut julian assange s internet on saturday due to his interference with the us elections.assange and wikileaks have released over 12
 
 
"some of the most divisive
"j. christian adams: dead people are voting and it s something this administration does not want to do anything about. they must like it. they must like who they are voting for  now we have four million
"most of the documents are testimonies provided to federal investigators in interviews the agents conducted with witnesses.in one of the documents
"melanie trump is more than just a pretty face. she is brilliant and is not likely someone who is pushed around. in her interview on fox & friends that will air on tuesday between 6-9 am est
"fbi agents say the bureau is alarmed over director james comey s decision to not suggest that the justice department prosecute hillary clinton over her mishandling of classified information.according to an interview transcript given to the daily caller
"aides to hillary clinton considered a ban on bundling from lobbyists representing foreign interests
via: wikileaks
"a former member of hillary clinton s security detail while she was serving as secretary of state said she frequently and  blatantly  disregarded security and diplomatic protocol during her tenure.an interview with the ex-agent was part of the fbi s newest document release pertaining to the investigation into clinton s private email server she used while working at the state department.the source
"poor old crooked hillary the hits are coming faster than she can lie her way out of them matt drudge of the drudge report has warned hillary clinton that he s about to drop a bombshell about her  sex stuff  saturday morning. oh
 
" graphic
language warning!
"in the documents
"after only serving less than 4 years on the bench
" the internet is one of the few
"former bernie campaign director endorses trump
 
 
"hillsborough police are investigating an apparent firebombing of the orange county republican headquarters
it sure came in handy when clinton had a major medical emergency on 9/11 at the memorial in nyc: 
"if average voters turned on the tv for five minutes this week
"wow! cnn host chris cuomo tells viewers it s illegal to read the wikileaks emails
"several attendees left republican presidential nominee donald trump s saturday rally in bangor to find their parked cars vandalized with white spray paint.a bangor police spokesman said officers were  seeking witnesses and reviewing video  in the criminal mischief case at the new york city billionaire s us-against-them speech blasting   a rigged system  at the cross insurance center.more than 20 cars parked between the bangor raceway and buck street were hit with lines of white paint. attendees said the owners of some of the cars appeared to drive off without noticing without the vandalism.paul foster
"donald trump s former mar-a-lago butler backed up the republican nominee for president in denying the billionaire groped a reporter from people magazine. no
" members of the intelligence committee simply don t want hillary as next president of the united states as barack obama blames russia for hacking hillary s emails and vows to pay back putin with a massive cyber attack fox news contributor judge napolitano explains why the nsa
"add one more person whose career or life has been destroyed by the clinton s as they scratch and claw their way into the white house actress and comedienne roseanne barr revealed that she paid a high price for crossing hillary clinton.barr believes her talk show was cancelled after she gave paula jones
via: gp
"danney williams has been begging for bill clinton to acknowledge him for decades. in the video below
 robotic liar with lifelong appetite for power” [video]"
" friends of bill long-secret emails just caught team hillary in another blatant lie   namely
"after years and even decades in some cases
"the popular christian author eric metaxas really puts things in perspective when he explains why sitting home in this election is not an option this question should hardly require an essay
"trump s latest accuser
"every day we hear of more voter fraud being uncovered across the united states. this is nothing new and every election we read about more and more early voter fraud being committed. when will republicans stop cowering to threats of  racism  and voter suppressions levied by the very people who are stealing our votes?there s a mere four weeks left to go before the presidential election
 
"putin tells russian army to prepare for wwwiii with u.s while obama whines about trump campaigns for hillary is our community organizer in chief actually willing to put our nation s security at risk because he believes putin is responsible for hillary s email hacks? what kind of sick
"trump is right on his claim that this election is the global elites vs americans george soros comes to mind!ratcheting up his mockery of donald trump
"it should be the lead story on every network
"notify the cdc. it's spreading. #bencarson #morningjoe #trumpflu   bcp (@b_c_p_source) october 14
 2011
 
 
000 shares in putin-connected energy company"
"1. mrs. clinton had cozy and improper relationship with the mainstream media.2. the state department paid special attention to  friends of bill. 3. mrs. clinton argued for  a hemispheric common market with open trade and open borders. 4. the clinton campaign was in touch with department of justice officials regarding the release of her emails.5. the clinton camp was tipped off to the release of the benghazi emails.6. mrs. clinton admitted sometimes her public and private positions differ.7. mrs. clinton s spokesman mocked catholics and evangelicals as  severely backwards. 8. mrs. clinton admitted she has a hard time relating to the struggles of the middle class.9. mrs. clinton campaign used benghazi as a distraction from the email scandal.10. the clinton team strategized on how to delay releasing emails
 smear bill’s rape
"here s what we ve got with the new e-mails and it s a doozy:the internet is blowing up over a document regarding supreme court justice scalia.a new theory has emerged that hillary clinton and her lackeys are linked to justice scalia s death.tmn today reported:the theory comes from a wikileaks email from hillary s chairman john podesta to dc lobbyist steve elmendorf. elmendorf was also the former chief of staff to democratic leader dick gephardt.podesta writes
dr. gina loudon went on cnn today to discuss the fallacious  groping  accusations against donald trump. per wikileaks we know that cnn is working with the clinton campaign to destroy donald trump. numerous leaked emails by wikileaks prove that they have combined efforts to bring down the republican candidate.this isn t the first time brooke baldwin has been embarrassed by a conservative who destroys her argument and makes her look like an uneducated leftist. she famously interrupted a republican who brought up hillary s destruction of 13 mobile devices with hammers. you can watch her freak after on-air  fact-check  here.dr. gina was supposed to discuss alleged groping incidents with donald trump. gina dropped a bomb! .via: gateway pundit
"hillary s campaign has been working in coordination with the mainstream media for months to hide donald j. trump s popularity with the  everyday americans  hillary claims to be a champion of. pennsylvania is one state the democrat party would never have believed would be in jeopardy only one month before the election
"protester with  rape  sign is tackled at #clinton rally in #las vegas pic.twitter.com/sjvgvfnpgt  john treanor (@newstreanor) october 13
"anonymous is a loosely associated international network of activists and hacktivists. they have made a video threatening they are are about to plunge the election into chaos for sexual abuse enabler crooked hillary
"in another wikileaks email dump
 
"democrats are on the move. they are panicking over the size of trump s rallies vs. hillary s. they will do whatever is necessary to hold on to power. americans need to vigilant. we all need to get involved in working to help out with voter registration and to keep an eye on the process. we all need to get involved with the gop and become poll challengers on election day in precincts
"the media would like voters to believe that trump is losing supporters
"28 year old abdullah faris freatekh
hillary probably didn t know anything about this one either .  s the wikileaks link to this story.
"what a funny guy! i m sure every woman on that campaign plane that he violated with his repulsive
"that explains the sudden interest for hillary on college campuses the  media  has been hiding hillary s tiny crowds for over a year and suddenly
 
"as a catholic
"report: wikileaks email leak alleges clinton divulged details of bin laden raid in 2013 speech that were a national security violation pic.twitter.com/w9jmi0zc3z  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) october 11
"this story of corruption and collusion is mind boggling! the manipulation of american voters is beyond comprehension researchers and political analysts frequent cth because we bring you hard
"an official within democratic nominee hillary clinton s presidential campaign appeared to have discussions with sources inside the department of justice (doj) about ongoing open records lawsuits regarding the former secretary of state s emails
"this video will leave you breathless
 hard-working
"wikileaks released more e-mails and guess what hillary detests  everyday americans . is anyone except the left surprised by that? after all
"a longtime republican financial backer who attended a new york fundraiser held by chris christie for donald trump thursday tells the daily caller that most republican donors are on board with trump
"friday
 “unaware” supporters not as easy to manipulate as before"
"here s another view:watch trump invite little child dressed up as donald trump onto the stage in wilkes-barre
"how did we ever get to the point where we would even  consider electing a woman who is the most well-known liar in america? the media has been buzzing since what many consider an inappropriate private conversation that donald j. trump had with another man 11 years ago was released. funny how the media is willing to gloss over a shameful career of a  congenital liar  simply because her last name is clinton (wife of the former president bill clinton who was impeached for lying under oath to a grand jury) and because she comes equipped with the right genitatlia   americans of all political persuasions are coming to the sad realization that our first lady   a woman of undoubted talents who was a role model for many in her generation   is a congenital liar.drip by drip
"dunham interviewed clinton in 2015 and the topic of kravitz s  wardrobe malfunction  during a stockholm concert
"wow way to appeal to an almost exclusively female audience! because every woman who s been raped
000 more refugees [video]"
"health professionals have been speculating for months that hillary s odd behavior and inability to stand or walk without help is likely related to parkinson s disease. that would explain the videos where hillary is seen having what appears to be having a seizure. since seizures are triggered by flashes
"here s the behind-the-scenes scoop:the clinton campaign likes to use glitzy
"wow! these women are incredibly brave. paula jones
" impartial  is not a word most people who know debate moderator martha raddatz would use to describe her. here is a stunning story breitbart news broke with amazing former liberal anita moncrief:one of the co-moderators of the presidential debate in st. louis
"wow! if i were hillary
"hillary s foreign policy spokesperson showed his hand tonight when he saw crooked hillary getting hammered by trump in the second debate.lehrich lost it after trump s brilliant response after hillary attempted to use the death of muslim-american captain khan to somehow show that trump is a xenophobe. trump told hillary if he were president
 
"it s not a big surprise given her propensity for lying
twitter is abuzz over the fly that landed on hillary s face:this is so strange obama and hillary both have had a fly land on  them like this. it s just very odd and very telling the fly looks for garbage hummmhaha!!! someone has already made a twitter page named: hillary clinton fly
"these holier than thou people are sickening! since when does someone pretty much get fired for saying nothing wrong at all? bill bush will never darken the door of the today show because of nothing! this entire situation is so out of control it s sickening! billy bush has been suspended from the  today  show  pending further review of the matter
 
"the list of hypocrites and sore losers who are taking aim at trump instead of the real enemy
 
 abusive rants: “where’s the miserable c*ck sucker?”…and more"
 
" tonight s debate questioning  will start off with a question to hillary clinton about a videotape of donald trump speaking about women oy vey!is this election really going to come down to this? unreal!the first set of questions at sunday night s presidential debate will be about donald trump s vulgar comments on a newly published 2005 videotape
"open borders/immigrationtrade/overregulationforeign policynow that s what we need to discuss but will america get over the reality tv sort of political season we re having? here s what i m hoping i m hoping americans finally realize we have way too much to lose in this election than to be swayed by something someone said 10 years ago: this election cycle
"#trumptrain??????????@realdonaldtrump isn t going anywhere. the massive movement continues. together
"top 10 things hillary doesn t want you to seeleaked transcripts of hillary clinton s closed door paid speeches reveal what clinton s title should actually be
 
"for decades hillary clinton has claimed that back in the 1970s the u.s. marines rejected her because she was a woman. but a look at some of the information released by wikileaks reveals that the democrat nominee has more recently changed her story and admitted that the marines did not reject her because of her gender.one of the earliest reports on hillary s rejection claim came from the new york times  maureen dowd
"the chants started as ryan addressed the crowd without mentioning trump s name.  trump is a great man
longtime friend and clinton advisor diane blair released hillary s uncensored remarks about the 22 year old intern monica lewinsky her husband pursued and had sex with in america s oval office. narcissistic looney toon  is how hillary described her. wow! way to show your compassion for a young influential girl who was pursued by your husband for the purposes of pleasuring him. what a true champion of women 
"spoken like a true gentleman and warrior in america s fight to defeat the left the recent disclosure of lewd conversations donald trump had over a decade ago has caused some disillusionment among gop stalwarts and conservative voters. in no way do i condone trump s behavior   in fact i condemn any form of disrespect towards women.we should always honor and respect the dignity of our mothers
 leftist cable audiences with brutal message [video]"
 
 two can play this game! [video]"
 
"no wonder she didn t want anyone to see her speeches. she was singing the praises of trump before she even knew he was going to defeat her in the general election from wikileaks email dump: secretary clinton: that s a really interesting question. you know
 
"huh? this could be one of the most damning emails yet
"wow! talk about putting our nation s security at risk a nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation  -ronald reagandemocratic presidential candidate hillary clinton told executives at a brazilian bank in a private speech that she wants open borders for the united states
"donald trump bragged in vulgar terms about kissing
"excerpts from hillary clinton s closed-door paid speeches
"hillary was secretary of state an unimaginable earthquake hit haiti in january 2010. 250
" here are six trivia questions to see how much history you really know. the answers are very revealing. if you don t know the answer
" extreme positions on abortionhillary clinton positioned herself as a moderate on abortion for much of her career
"despite the media s best attempts to keep the truth hidden from the public
"watch as she s speaking to a crowd in tampa
"fbi files reveal missing email  boxes  in clinton case
"university of wisconsin madison
"things didn t work out very well for vince foster when he disappointed crooked hillary. does tim kaine know what he s getting himself into? maybe he should have a little sit down with bill before this thing goes too far. i mean
"within hillary clinton s stump speeches
"sean hannity is taking a page from trump s playbook. when a member of the mainstream media or a person pretending to be a conservative commentator intentionally misrepresents you you strike back.that s exactly what hannity did.@megynkelly u should be mad at @hillaryclinton clearly you support her. and @realdonaldtrump did talk to u.   sean hannity (@seanhannity) october 6
here s someone going through all 18 lies wow! 
"reckless hillary couldn t have cared less about the seriousness of exposing america s top-secret intel to the world by using an unsecured email server. why would any american want to put her in charge of our troops? why would any voter trust her with our national security. the job of commander in chief is too important to leave to a self-serving grifter simply because she is equipped with female genitalia. just ask the family of shahram amiri a friend of the us who paid the ultimate price for providing america with iran s nuclear weapons secrets while hillary was our crooked secretary of state hillary clinton used her private email server to discuss details of the iranian nuclear scientist who was executed for giving information to the cia.shahram amiri
"twitter users wrote:  clown lives matter is just an example of how people continue to make a mockery of black lives matter. it s not funny & i m not here for it.  jacqueline daniels  tweeted:  this clown lives matter bull**** anything to diminish black anguish. anything to silence our voices. anything to mock our reality. abc: tucson (kgun9-tv)   organizers are planning a  clown lives matter  march for october 15 in tucson in reaction to the recent spate of frightening incidents   both real and imagined   spread in the news and on social media.the march will be at 6:30 p.m. oct. 15 on 4th avenue in tucson. attendees are invited to show up wearing full clown makeup or masks.according to a flyer advertising the event
"former secretary of state hillary clinton sought to arrange pentagon and state department consulting contracts for her daughter s friend
"obamacare architect blames republicans for rising premiums pic.twitter.com/sflkgplvzz  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) october 6
"with absolutely nothing to back it up
"the #nfl has become a showcase for an anti-law enforcement movement inspired by barack obama
000 african americans from voting” [video]"
 
"our first female candidate for president is so crooked and dirty that she actually used a teenage girl actress to stage a question designed to trash trump at her haverford
"here s a video posted on the donald reddit earlier on tuesday of bill clinton putting his hand in between the legs of a flight attendant or campaign assistant. the woman then removes bill s hand.we re not sure exactly when this video of bill clinton (likely early 90 s) being caught groping this flight attendant took place
"a legacy of hate and division from an unapologetic and arrogant president who promised to  transform  the united states of america. and so it goes
 went all over the world to bankrupt him
"full debate video:  can we get a higher number than 100? my focus group absolutely loved mike pence s methodical answer on economic growth. #vpdebate pic.twitter.com/8nzbhoy4ut  frank luntz (@frankluntz) october 5
 
"hillary clinton: if i talked about droning julian assange
"big brother is alive and well 3 months only 3 months in obamaland surveillance on muslim terror suspects is considered islamaphobia
"obama:  i am saddened whites are still superior .things could explode at any point. full unseen video:  pic.twitter.com/6rfhgyg3pn  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) october 4
 i will use this voice to tell who mr. trump really is” [video]"
"the state department misplaced and lost some $6 billion due to the improper filing of contracts during the past six years
"a former muslim and donald trump supporter who fled islam-controlled kuwait years ago has a warning for americans this election cycle.sarah
 
 
"hillary won t be able to claim a vast right-wing conspiracy when she sees the article the left-leaning new york times published. the article outlines how hillary aggressively pursued the women her husband willingly chose to have sex with while he was married to her. hillary never considered the women her philandering husband had sexual relations with were merely victims of a serial sexual abuser. he was her ticket to the ultimate power. the truth of the matter is
" people have a right to understand who it is they re electing
"the enthusiasm for hillary is well underwhelming to say the least. two of hillary s campaign events in akron
 nc church…tiny room in toledo
 
 so illegally shoot the son-of-a-b*tch!”"
" the obama administration has done everything in its power to destroy the atmosphere of trust which could have encouraged cooperation russian president vladimir putin on monday suspended a treaty with washington on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium
"the office of immigration statistics reported that of the 188
"hillary clinton is the last person you want placing a target on your back the list of people who ve paid a heavy price for betraying her is pretty long julian assange announced sunday he was cancelling his much anticipated announcement on leaked clinton documents. assange said he was cancelling the planned speech due to security concerns.to silence wikileaks
"do black lives really matter to the clinton s?it s the lead story today on the drudge report danney williams
"clinton foundation drew intense protests for scheduling the wife of a palestinian terrorist to speak at a clinton global initiative dinner. the foundation saw nothing wrong with this and defended their decision: hanan al-hroub is a beacon of hope in a part of the world that is very dear to me and in desperate need of more hope
 after hillary caught saying he lied to supporters about free stuff"
"as a woman
"while the media salivates over the illegal release of trump s tax documents and criticize him for using legal tax loopholes to avoid paying taxes to our corrupt government
"people in glass houses alert: trump used legal tax law in 1995 and so did clinton!she has zero idea that he  got to  avoid paying taxes because he could doesn t mean he did!with the leaked 1995 trump tax returns  scandal  focused on the billionaire s yuuge  net operating loss  and how it might have  legally  enabled him to pay no taxes for years
"hillary clinton strategist bob beckel called for wikileaks editor julian assange to be assassinated. #dncleak pic.twitter.com/9l2ixl24er  wikileaks (@wikileaks) august 10
"it was only a matter of time we can t keep our borders open to anyone who cares to cross over
"hillary has been stirring up the hateful movement obama
"the hypocrisy of our media is astounding! what about hillary s major corporate donors like ge for example
"this wonderful lady is so right and so dead on in her description of donald trump s mission you will love her!  democrats failed
"the most unpopular
" in a lame effort to score political points for hillary clinton
 
 while obama campaigns for hillary"
leftist pigs inspired by the hateful rhetoric of hillary and obama s party so this happened  a group of hispanics drove around their city to steal trump signs.one young woman resisted their thievery so they beat her in her front yard.obama s america.
"first
"apparently this protester believes americans should think twice before putting an accused serial rapist back into our white house:protestor on fox & friends shouts ""bill clinton is a rapist!"" #basementdwellers pic.twitter.com/9dpstlanqu  asa j   (@asamjulian) october 1
"we re just wondering if the state of mn has ever considered giving us veterans the same consideration? or is this an exclusive offer given to african refugees because they contribute so much to our economy or wait do they? in the usa
"can t stop laughing! ??bernie s #basementdwellers are getting the msg out on rapist bill clinton!vote #trumppence16 pic.twitter.com/g8z3rigxgh  john miller (@cyvault) october 1
 not ‘silenced’ her. liar”"
"america has never seen two people living in the white house play the victim card with such frequency and with such passion. the truth of the matter is
 let’s go!”"
"we all know by now that hillary clinton will morph into whatever she needs to be to win votes to get back to the white house. here s exhibit 1 on just how far she ll go while speaking to a group of donors last february
hillary should have done her homework before she chose this former miss universe to disparage trump s character 
 needs assistance walking at tiny rally in ft. pierce florida [video]"
"if you haven t figured it out yet the liberal main stream media is working overtime to literally destroy trump the american people are rebelling against the lies and distortions from liberal rags like usa today and other local news organizations. in this day of social media pushing the news
"the obama administration is maneuvering to pay health insurers billions of dollars the government owes under the affordable care act
"the united nations news centre   the official u.n. news service   tweeted
 south park parodied former secretary of state hillary clinton as over-prepared to the point where she can only repeat the instructions her staff has given her.read more: bpr
"mary j. blige has a beautiful voice but this sit down with hillary is just awkward. it s really odd that hillary acts so phony and stiff during this singing interview. we re not buyin  it! we re betting hrc is thinking she d rather be in her jammie onesie with a zippy cup of chardonnay by her side. inauthentic doesn t even come close to what this is gag worthy but funny at the same time.like you ve never seen them before.@maryjblige sits down with @hillaryclinton.#the411 coming september 30th. pic.twitter.com/p2qpm3h3pm  apple music (@applemusic) september 27
"it s amazing these leftist hacks haven t been cancelled yet. apparently there are still women out there with nothing better to do than watch a show about women who
this is a beautiful thing! art wing conspiracy produced posters that represent the apple logo but they have the trump profile within the apple. see what they did there? the poster is plastered on the outside of the former bernie sanders headquarters in hollywood. 
 
" punishment is not for revenge
"during wednesday s presidential town hall on cnn
"report from the first presidential debateby p.j. o rourke on monday night
"maybe comedy is a better career choice for gary gary johnson
" i wrote ab 2466 because i want to send a message to the nation that california will not stand for discrimination in voting california gov. jerry brown signs bill allowing felons to vote from their jail cells pic.twitter.com/6bhkd4hozj  fox & friends (@foxandfriends) september 29
"poor bernie. he s been a public servant his whole life and what does he have to show for it? after hillary stole the election from him
"smug liberal newspapers and tv networks have paid a heavy price  for their criticism of trump. americans think of trump as the underdog in this race and there s nothing worse than piling on the underdog. for these liberal hacks who have been writing their leftist opinions as opposed to real news for decades
"this story is a perfect example of why barack and hillary are in such a big hurry to bring foreigners into our country. it doesn t matter if american citizens are on the hook to support them and their extended families for decades to come. what matters is how they vote
 former beauty queen will backfire"
"a new york man was stunned this week to find out who stole his donald trump yard signs   the former vice president of academic affairs at a local college.charlie tulumello of amherst put recording equipment in his yard after pro-trump yard signs kept disappearing in the middle of the night. seven signs in total disappeared before the culprit   former keuka college administrator norman muir   was finally caught.  the first ones i thought maybe they were kids
"washington   the house and senate wednesday voted to reject president obama s veto of legislation allowing lawsuits against foreign sponsors of terrorism in the first successful override of a presidential veto since obama took office.the president had vetoed the legislation friday because he said the bill   known as the justice against sponsors of terrorism act
"the same woman who has been privy to our nations top secret classified information through our reckless former secretary of state hillary clinton
"this unbelievable graph should put the question of
000 away"
"it s hard to imagine so many people would lie to the this reporter about a debate they never saw. but we are living in the  age of hillary  where lying is perfectly acceptable if you re attempting to reach a lifelong goal of breaking a glass ceiling (or 13 cellphones) with a hammer!not that we re keeping score
"how many more symptoms need to be uncovered before hillary comes clean? why would anyone want to take on the position of commander in chief if they aren t even well enough to walk without assistance? in the tunnel to clinton s vehicle after the debate
 
 undecided voters in pa bar turned to trump"
 
"who won the debate tonight? donald j. trump or the lester holt-clinton team?nbc news  lester holt had his  candy crowley  moment at the first debate of the 2016 presidential election on monday night
"debate officials have released the details of monday night s presidential debate between democrat hillary clinton and republican donald trump.this be will the country s first chance to see the candidates go 1-on-1 and answer questions on key issues
"michael savage is a very well known radio talk personality. the savage nation is a nationally syndicated talk show that is the second most listened-to radio talk show in the country with an audience of over 20 million listeners on 400 stations across the united states.earlier today he was discussing his perspectives on the presidential debate and giving examples of current and anticipated debate bias.in addition
"hillary has lost her lead in swing states oh
"the democrats are in full panic-mode over crooked hillary as she continues to plummet in the polls. liberal ca congresswoman
 but you’re a traitor to your race”"
 but hillary wins presidency…huh? [video]"
 
" barry
"clinton just left  apple seeds  kids center in flatiron. feeling good about debate?  getting ready
"hillary clinton says that we re  stronger together
"wow! moonbeam johnson addresses three issues he feels are very pressing! it s very scary to think 5-7% of americans say they d vote for him if the election was held today johnson claims things have never been better in america:  we get along with each other better that ever.  lol!sunday on abc s  this week
 
"just when you thought there was nothing barack hussein obama could do to shock you this christian pastor s story is revealed. how much money does an american who spends 3 1/2 years in an iranian prison leave with? enough for a one-way ticket home to the u.s?iranian president hassan rouhani spoke before the united nations general assembly thursday despite protests from iranian-americans who feel iran s human rights situation has worsened after sanctions were modified earlier this year.pastor saeed abedini
he also dodges the question of sanctuary cities:
"some 2
 
"this is just stunning! free speech in our nations capitol under obamas reign is now determined by your political bent live video archived at periscope shows u.s. park police officers detaining and searching a peaceful anti-hillary clinton demonstrator in the area of the opening ceremony for the national museum of african-american history on the national mall in washington
"donald trump on saturday threatened to bring a woman that bill clinton had an extramarital affair with when he debates hillary clinton.trump tweeted this response to mark cuban sitting in the front row
 
"it s probably not a good time for hillary to remind voters of her and bill s coordinated war on women donald trump on saturday threatened to bring a woman that bill clinton had an extramarital affair with when he debates hillary clinton.trump tweeted this response to mark cuban sitting in the front row
"well
"the drudge report has gained access to the rules for the upcoming mega-debate between hillary and trump. hillary s always angling for an advantage
 i m not ashamed to say i m voting for donald trump black trump supporter brandon tatum delivers a powerful and brave message to black lives matter rioters on his youtube channel. the excerpt from his video was posted on twitter and can be seen here: entire video can be seen here. we promise it s worth watching. enjoy:
"this is just idiotic! a couple of liberal brainiacs decided to steal a trump sign. the only problem is that they did it in a company truck! duh!#saturdaymorning idiots steal trump sign in company truck!busted: wow pool & lawn services -naples
"hillary clinton is preparing to get back on the campaign trail with a week filled with appearances before actual voters
"i think it s a problem anybody who disrespects this country and the flag. if they don t like the country they don t like our flag get the hell out.   mike ditkaoutspoken hall of famer mike ditka became the latest high-profile name to weigh in on san francisco 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick s national anthem protest friday when he ripped the signal-caller s actions.in an interview on shan & rj on 105.3 the fan in dallas (h/t cbs dfw)
"obama told cbs news march 7
"the first black (and half white) president has successfully created the most divisive america we have seen since the civil rights movement. he probably forgot he was raised by white grandparents
"more proof gary johnson is mentally ill.i was completely right.all you libertardians owe me an apology. pic.twitter.com/69vseuoq6k  paul joseph watson (@prisonplanet) september 23
" to all the #nevertrumpers: the ugly ride that you ve been on in support of a candidate who lost the primary election fair and square
 heels being sucker punched in face
" this is not charlotte that s out here. these are outside entities that are coming in and causing these problems. these are not protestors
"the 2014 irs filings for the clinton foundation were recently released and the numbers were absolutely sickening. out of $91.3 million spent in 2014
"has she seen what s going on with her mom s buddies at black lives matter? the violence and hate is astounding!how about her own mother s hateful rant to union members admonishing them in a big way: michigan state university students were delighted to hear that democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton has a plan to relieve them of at least some of their massive college loan debts.the message was delivered thursday night to a packed msu union lobby by the candidate s daughter
"a bunch of celebrities set out to hijack our election but we trump supporters hijacked their pompous ad. #maga retweet make this go viral! pic.twitter.com/rvdcvsc9g9  elizabeth imus (@imuszero) september 23
"i wish this was a joke!#blacklivesmatter protesters
 
 
 
"because if you re a young white guy walking through a parking lot by yourself at night in charlotte
"les deplorables unite #electionnight #maga3x pic.twitter.com/le79zcdqen  ??vote trump?? (@thepatriot143) november 9
"this is  hill-arious! this redneck patriot asks
wow! bravo tomi! you really nailed it this time enjoy! this notion that  political incorrectness  is somehow responsible for terror attacks is absolute bs! do you think we are stupid? how dare you blame this crap on donald trump! excuse me? was he secretary of state? did 4 americans die on his watch in benghazi? 
"the left has been organizing for decades
"youngers these days are becoming so moist pic.twitter.com/ctkxuqxiaz  6paths ofa wolfspain (@giovanniidc) september 21
"monica crowley offers some of the most brilliant political analysis in conservative media. she is brilliant
"local charlotte
"dividing america will be obama s legacy. hillary continues to prove that she is committed to keeping his legacy of hate and division alive. what hillary doesn t get is that the majority of americans are not buying into obama s divisive legacy that pits gays against straight people
"the extremely exhausted hillary and her extremely boring vp pick have written a book that is currently #5
" cia director john brennan voted for the communist party candidate in the 1976 presidential election.brennan told a congressional panel last week that he  froze  while taking a cia polygraph test four years later when the questioner asked him if he had ever worked with or for a group that was  dedicated to overthrowing the u.s.
"hillary spoke to a very small group of students at temple university. with a total student population of just under 38
"the comments on the new donald trump for president ad are that it s positive. with great shots of the huge crowds at his rally and of trump shaking some hands
"who could forget mitt romney s second and third debates with barack obama? after the first debate
 ‘how many people lost their lives?'”"
"zero hedge reported:if there was a time hillary needed to make a public appearance in the key battleground state of north carolina to drum up voter support
"please listen to this incredibly offensive commercial from josh gottheimer who attacks his opponent for being  divisive by attacking another state and demeaning everyone in alabama as a racist. on a personal note
"what trump actually said was: our police are amazing. our local police   they know who a lot of these people are. they are afraid to do anything about it because they don t want to be accused of profiling and they don t want to be accused of all sorts of things. you know
" two years before the bombings that ahmad khan rahami is suspected of carrying out in new york and new jersey
"hillary is without a doubt
"billionaire investor and all around puppet master
"united states army veteran
"will this finally be the straw that breaks the camel s back? wow and it s not even october yet! things are not looking good for #crookedhillary the house oversight committee is reviewing a reddit post that alleges an it specialist who worked on hillary clinton s private server sought advice on how to alter the contents of  very vip  emails
"this is not just a win for the  alt-right  or for the republican party
hillary clinton and obama need to take responsibility for the rise of isis! she cannot blame her opponent in this election. the bottom line is she was horrible on foreign affairs as secretary of state! libya and all of the middle east is much worse off after 8 years of obama! hillary is so delusional that she wants a 550% increase in refugees coming to america!
"on september 15
"on september 15
"a member of the house intelligence committee is accusing the obama administration of laundering some $1.7 billion in u.s. taxpayer dollars to iran through a complicated network that included the new york federal reserve and several european banks
this 11 year old girl gives me such great hope for our future. this video has been going around for a few days and i think it is important to outline the children that will be greatly affected by this upcoming election. our children are much more in-tune to politics an social going-ons then most of us were at their ages and it s an amazing thing to see.her enthusiasm and knowledge is refreshing that s for sure. there have been many children at rallies in support and in opposition and we need to really start taking their presence into account. there is a definite shift in this country and it starts at home.featured image and video courtesy of itv news
"hillary clinton is known world-wide for saying and doing the most ridiculous things
"ahmad rahami has been identified as a suspect in the new york and new jersey bombings over the weekend
"u.s.-led coalition air strikes killed dozens of syrian soldiers on saturday
 mn terror attacks: “i’m just grateful that nobody got hurt” [video]"
"how many hillary supporters does it take to fill a basket of serious sex offenders? let s see
 “helped his family…never had a violent history”"
this video takes you from the beginning of trump s improbable rise in the ranks of professional politicians to the last man standing in the gop. here s why america is rooting for trump:
"obama s narcacism was in full swing on saturday night at the 46th annual legislative conference phoenix awards dinner of the congressional black caucus. he spoke for almost a half an hour about how good he has been for the country
" the demons could wait no longer. lynne patton is the vice president of the eric trump foundation & senior assistant to eric trump
"last year obama added an action to his manifesto that would forever put him in the cross-hairs of americans nationwide when he announced that he would be normalizing diplomatic relations with communist-cuba. cuban-americans were deeply offended and angered that obama would extend the hand of friendship to the very regime that ha tortured and murdered their family members for years simply for having an opinion.here are just a few facts from obamas policy on cuba:*general tourist travel is still prohibited
"hillary clinton
 
 hillary
