 trump urges reform so u.n. can meet full potential"
"washington/new york (reuters) - new york governor andrew cuomo said on monday that he wants credit-reporting firms to comply with the state’s cyber-security regulations
 which trump calls deeply flawed"
 trump to address world leaders at u.n."
"washington (reuters) - democratic leaders in the u.s. congress on monday demanded that lawmakers wait to find out the budgetary and healthcare impacts of a new
"washington (reuters) - a powerful u.s. senate committee will hold a hearing on the latest proposed healthcare bill to overhaul obamacare next week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. investigators wiretapped former trump campaign chairman paul manafort under secret court orders before and after the 2016 election
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate passed its version of a $700 billion defense policy bill on monday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on monday that he was working to see if there was a link between a spate of recent military accidents and budget caps
"washington (reuters) - three democratic lawmakers want the u.s. communications watchdog to investigate whether the russian government-funded radio station and news site sputnik violated government regulations by broadcasting programs aimed at influencing u.s. policies and elections. sputnik radio began airing in the washington area in late june at a sensitive time for relations between the united states and russia with a special counsel and congress looking into u.s. intelligence agency allegations that moscow tried to swing the 2016 presidential election in republican donald trump’s favor. russia has repeatedly denied meddling in the election. the federal communications commission has jurisdiction over broadcast radio and tv stations that use the public airwaves
"san francisco (reuters) - the u.s. justice department on monday said it would appeal a court order blocking president donald trump’s executive order that sought to restrict federal funds for so-called sanctuary cities. u.s. district judge william orrick iii of san francisco earlier this year ruled that trump’s sanctuary cities order was likely unconstitutional and stopped it from taking effect.  trump issued the order in january
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer said on monday his party would look at “every single option” to halt a last-ditch effort by republicans to repeal and replace former president barack obama’s signature healthcare law. “we’re going to explore every single option
000 troops to afghanistan: mattis"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congressional budget office said on monday it will not be able to provide specific estimates of the impact on insurance coverage or premiums in a preliminary assessment of a republican healthcare bill it plans to release by early next week. “cbo will provide as much qualitative information as possible about the effects of the legislation
"washington (reuters) - democratic leaders in congress on monday called for the congressional budget office to conduct a full analysis of republicans’ latest healthcare bill aimed at repealing and replacing obamacare
"washington (reuters) - lobbyists and republican lawmakers are gearing up for battle over a new u.s. regulation that is likely to dent profits in the $6 billion short-term
 cia"
 nikki haley to share u.s. spotlight at u.n. gathering"
"(reuters) - relatives of former national security adviser michael flynn have set up a fund to help pay for his legal defense against federal and congressional investigations into potential collusion between donald trump’s presidential campaign and russia. the fund was established by flynn’s brother joe and sister barbara redgate
"san francisco (reuters) - san diego attorney dulce garcia has regularly defended clients in immigration court. now
 spicer wheels into spotlight"
"washington (reuters) - it is a political practice nearly as old as the united states - manipulating the boundaries of legislative districts to help one party tighten its grip on power in a move called partisan gerrymandering - and one the supreme court has never curbed. that could soon change
 russia's lavrov discuss syria
 close trump business adviser
 russia's lavrov to meet on sunday: u.s. state dept"
 new york prepares for 'super bowl' of security"
 with a golf ball
"sacramento
 california lawmakers vote to become 'sanctuary state'"
"sacramento
 tougher and more specific'"
 chain migration
 offers few specifics: sources"
 trump's defense chief talks trust
"washington (reuters) - equifax said on friday that it made changes in its top management as part of its review of a massive data breach
"washington/havana (reuters) - five republican senators called on friday for washington to retaliate for an alleged sonic attack
 embrace friends in first u.n. speech: envoy"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will hold a series of meetings with world leaders on the sidelines of the u.n. general assembly meeting next week in new york
 press on north korea"
 others ask equifax to stop collecting fees"
"washington (reuters) - the spokesman for president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort testified before a federal grand jury on friday in special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into possible collusion between trump’s 2016 election campaign and russia. jason maloni
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday said so-called “chain migration
"washington (reuters) - the head of the senate finance committee said on friday he doubted negotiators trying to craft a tax reform bill could reach president donald trump’s goal of dropping the u.s. corporate tax rate to 15 percent. “i sincerely doubt that we will be able to get to that level on corporate tax rates
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is nominating u.s. attorney general jeff sessions’ top aide to serve as assistant attorney general for the department of justice’s civil division
"washington (reuters) - as president donald trump bowed his head in the oval office earlier this month
 without border wall"
 florida
"washington (reuters) - republican efforts to unite the white house
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on thursday that the trump administration’s upcoming tax plan will not be aimed at lowering income taxes for the wealthiest americans. “”we are looking for a middle income tax cut. on the high end the plan is to eliminate state and local deductions ... and even if we do end up with a slight reduction on the high end that will be offset by a reduction of deductions so their taxes won’t go down
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday stood by his belief that both sides were to blame for violence in charlottesville
 u.s.-mexico border wall"
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. judge on thursday repeatedly pressed the trump administration to extend an october deadline for some immigrants to reapply for a program that shielded children brought to the united states illegally by their parents from deportation.  president donald trump recently decided to rescind the deferred action for childhood arrivals program
"mexico city (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump rang mexican leader enrique pena nieto to express condolences over last week’s earthquake
"washington (reuters) - the united states on thursday extended some sanctions relief for iran under the 2015 nuclear deal but said it has yet to decide whether to preserve the deal itself
"washington (reuters) - the top republican tax law writer in the u.s. house of representatives said on thursday that he does not expect an upcoming tax reform framework to contain specific numbers on income tax rates for corporations and individuals. “probably not that specificity
"washington (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross said on thursday that the united states was seeking to add a five-year sunset provision to the north american free trade agreement to provide a regular
"washington (reuters) - roger stone
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department is reviewing its policies over how it prosecutes corporate white collar crimes and may be making some changes “in the near future
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi said she trusted president donald trump’s sincerity in working to protect so-called dreamers brought to this country illegally and that the effort to shield this group from immigration would not include cuts to legal immigration. “when we’re talking about this legislation to protect the dreamers
 on possible daca deal
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on thursday the daca program for people who arrived in the country illegally as children should be part of a larger discussion on border security and congress would welcome a proposal to address those issues. “as congress debates the best ways to address illegal immigration through strong border security and interior enforcement
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on thursday passed a $1.2 trillion bill to fund most government activities in the fiscal year beginning oct. 1
"washington (reuters) - a top u.s. senate republican said on thursday congress should considering ending the three-decade old federal subsidy for telephones and internet access for low-income americans after a government audit found significant fraud. senator ron johnson
"washington (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross will lead a trade mission to china in mid-november as part of president donald trump’s first visit there
"bogota (reuters) - colombia on thursday defended its anti-narcotics efforts after u.s. president donald trump said he considered downgrading the country in a white house assessment because of an uptick in the cultivation of coca
 future of u.s. nuclear arsenal slowly taking shape"
 wall in dispute"
 talks with democrats"
 florida
 trump turns to democrats"
 conservative lawmakers offer opposing u.s. healthcare ideas"
 u.s. consumer watchdog to be weakened"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump and republicans in congress would have a hard time slashing the corporate tax rate to below 26 percent
"washington/new york (reuters) - two high-ranking democrats in the u.s. senate asked the trump administration on wednesday to provide information on any plans to cut refugee admissions to historically low levels
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate rejected an amendment on wednesday that would have forced the repeal of war resolutions used as the legal basis for u.s. military actions in iraq
"washington (reuters) - two democratic senators said on wednesday they may hold up the confirmation of president donald trump’s environmental protection agency nominee susan bodine until she explains her advisory role at the agency
 twitter"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department on wednesday will stop issuing certain kinds of visas to some citizens of cambodia
"washington (reuters) - democratic lawmakers are investigating whether retired u.s. general michael flynn secretly promoted a u.s.-russian project to build dozens of nuclear reactors in the middle east after becoming president donald trump’s first national security adviser. representatives elijah cummings and eliot engel made the disclosure in a letter they sent on tuesday to flynn’s lawyer and executives of the private firms that developed the project. flynn’s  now-defunct company worked as a consultant on it. robert kelner
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on wednesday that under his tax reform plan
 pelosi on tax reform: white house"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump applauded two republican u.s. senators for introducing a healthcare reform bill on wednesday that would repeal and replace former president barack obama’s signature health insurance program
 heavyweight on budget
"washington (reuters) - the son of u.s. president donald trump’s former national security adviser michael flynn is being investigated as part of the ongoing federal probe into alleged russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration has engaged in an unconstitutional practice of searching without a warrant the phones and laptops of americans who are stopped at the border
"washington (reuters) - republican ted cruz
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on wednesday he did not think people brought to the united states illegally as children should be deported but fixing a program that shields them must be part of larger immigration changes. “i do believe that kicking these 800
 deficit"
 florida"
 pelosi to dine with trump wednesday"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. congressional leaders and white house officials will release a document during the week of sept. 25 outlining the framework for tax reform
 administration"
"washington/san francisco (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday allowed president donald trump to broadly implement a ban on refugees entering the country from around the world. the justices granted a request from the trump administration to block a federal appeals court decision that
"(reuters) - the u.s. congress passed a resolution late on tuesday calling on president donald trump to condemn hate groups after trump was criticized for his response to the violence at a white nationalist rally in charlottesville
 trump dines with senators"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is likely to make a stop in china in november during his first official visit to asia
"washington (reuters) - leaders of the u.s. senate finance committee said on tuesday they reached an agreement to finance a federal insurance program for millions of lower-income children and pregnant women that was due to expire at the end of the month. republican senator orrin hatch
"washington (reuters) - an ideologically divided u.s. supreme court on tuesday handed a win to republicans in texas by putting on hold rulings that said  electoral districts drawn by state lawmakers discriminated against minority voters. on a 5-4 vote
"washington (reuters) - thirty-six u.s. senators on tuesday called on federal authorities to investigate the sale of nearly $2 million in shares of credit bureau equifax inc by company executives after a massive data breach
 this time with a bipartisan twist"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. marshals service
"moscow (reuters) - moscow does not want to escalate the situation around u.s. diplomats in russia
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson believes the diplomatic tiff between russia and the united states should not be escalated further and hopes the two countries can begin working to improve ties
"washington (reuters) - tax-policy writers in the u.s. house of representatives are considering legislation to bring tax relief to businesses and individuals affected by hurricanes harvey and irma
"washington (reuters) - senate republican leader mitch mcconnell voiced doubt on tuesday that the u.s. debt ceiling would be eliminated permanently
"washington (reuters) - frustrated u.s. lawmakers called on tuesday for a high-powered response to north korea’s nuclear tests
"washington (reuters) - investor carl icahn never wielded excessive influence on u.s. biofuels policy while acting as president donald trump’s adviser on regulation
"manchester
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will not necessarily insist on including funding for a border wall with mexico in legislation to address protections for children brought to the united states illegally
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department has approved the possible sale to canada of 18 fighter jets and other weapons worth an estimated $5.23 billion
 kaspersky lab considers changes to u.s. subsidiary"
 malaysian pm discuss trade deals
"chicago (reuters) - the city of chicago asked a federal judge on monday to bar president donald trump’s justice department from denying public-safety grants to so-called sanctuary cities that limit cooperation with a federal immigration crackdown. the nation’s third-largest city sued u.s. attorney general jeff sessions in august. the lawsuit was filed after sessions announced the justice department would bar cities from getting certain grants unless they allowed immigration authorities unlimited access to local jails and provided 48 hours’ notice before releasing anyone wanted for immigration violations.  trump has made tougher immigration enforcement a centerpiece of his campaign and presidency
"washington (reuters) - a 15 percent corporate tax rate backed by president donald trump may not be possible
"washington (reuters) - two key u.s. senators on monday asked equifax inc (efx.n) to answer detailed questions about a breach of information affecting up to 143 million americans
"washington (reuters) - u.s. supreme court justice anthony kennedy on monday provided a temporary reprieve for president trump’s order blocking most refugees from entering the united states
"washington (reuters) - republican infighting over the fate of immigrants brought illegally to the united states as children could be so vitriolic that the party loses control of the u.s. house of representatives next year
 ex-obama lawyers duel over arpaio pardon"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. transportation secretary elaine chao will unveil on tuesday streamlined safety guidelines for automakers that want to deploy self-driving vehicles
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator bob corker of tennessee
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. republican senator involved in u.s. tax reform negotiations said on monday that he expects to share the trump tax reform plan with other lawmakers after holding hearings on overhauling the tax code. “we’re going to have hearings first
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate may vote as soon as tuesday on a bipartisan proposal that would make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking
"(reuters) - republican lawmaker devin nunes’ investigation into whether obama administration officials used classified intelligence reports to discredit donald trump’s 2016 campaign team could backfire on the congressman - and the president
"aboard the papal plane (reuters) - pope francis said he hoped u.s. president donald trump would re-think his decision to end a program protecting undocumented immigrant children
"geneva (reuters) - the top u.n. human rights official voiced concern on monday at the trump administration’s decision to end the daca program for immigrants who arrived illegally as children and urged the u.s. congress to give them lasting legal status in the country. referring to a move to end the deferred action for childhood arrivals (daca) program in six months
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico’s foreign minister luis videgaray will travel to the united states this week to meet with local leaders and beneficiaries of the deferred action for childhood arrivals program
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump called hurricane irma “some big monster” as it battered the florida coast
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence said on sunday that president donald trump had directed full federal resources to help with hurricane irma at it batters the florida coast and that his latest briefing on the storm caused him great concern. “clearly the briefing that we received at camp david this morning caused the president to have great concern for the impact of the impact of this storm moving up the west coast and the potential through heavy winds and storm surge to compromise cities and compromise lives
 says key conservative"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on saturday that he will ask the republican-controlled congress to further speed up its efforts to overhaul the u.s. tax code
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday that churches in texas should be able to receive money from the federal emergency management agency for helping victims of hurricane harvey. trump tweeted: “churches in texas should be entitled to reimbursement from fema relief funds for helping victims of hurricane harvey (just like others)”.  trump’s tweet followed a lawsuit filed by three texas churches seeking federal aid to repair severe damage to their structures by harvey. it was not clear whether the churches had provided aid to victims. in the complaint filed on monday in federal court in houston
"(reuters) - a former top security official who helped put in place a program protecting people brought to the united states illegally as children
"new york (reuters) - days after president donald trump’s decision to end the deferred action for childhood arrivals program
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump signed a bill on friday extending the government debt limit for three months and providing about $15 billion in hurricane-related aid
"washington (reuters) - a powerful senate committee blasted the trump administration on friday in a report accompanying its spending plan for the state department
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican party lawmakers warned on friday that president donald trump’s legislative deal with democrats to help hurricane victims and keep the government running for another three months could complicate his next big priority - tax reform. trump’s sudden shift in strategy hands a clear victory to senate democratic leader chuck schumer and house democratic leader nancy pelosi and that could slow the republicans’ legislative agenda
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump urged fellow republicans on friday to begin work on tax reform legislation immediately
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government on friday said it was temporarily waiving a law that limits the availability of cargoes on the u.s. coasts
"moscow (reuters) - russia’s newly installed ambassador to washington said on friday that he had a warm and constructive meeting with u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is likely to continue to reach for bipartisan compromise on legislation
"washington/new york (reuters) - jpmorgan chase & co (jpm.n) chief executive jamie dimon is starting to look like corporate america’s shadow president. the 61-year-old banker has made more than a dozen trips to washington so far this year to press a broad agenda with a range of influential policymakers
"(reuters) - jamie selway
 senate panel approves funding for u.n. climate body"
 filibuster rule"
"boston/washington (reuters) - a newly fraying relationship between u.s. president donald trump and top white house economic adviser gary cohn has raised questions about how long cohn will stay in his job
 hurricane irma
"washington (reuters) - no. 2 senate democrat dick durbin has had multiple conversations with jared kushner and other top white house officials about how to protect young immigrants known as “dreamers” from deportation
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative charlie dent
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. consumer financial watchdog on thursday attempted to repel a trump-administration attack on former president barack obama’s sweeping student loan reforms and defended itself against republican attempts to weaken its powers. in a lengthy letter to education secretary betsy devos
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s eldest son told senate investigators on thursday that he had set up a june 2016 meeting with a russian lawyer because she might have had damaging information about democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton. donald trump jr.
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on thursday rejected the trump administration’s effort to temporarily bar most refugees from entering the country
"washington/san francisco (reuters) - u.s. legislation may be needed to require social media companies to disclose more about how their platforms are used for political advertising
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday embraced a suggestion from the senate’s top democrat to end congressional battles over the u.s. debt ceiling
 qatar with kuwait's emir"
"washington (reuters) - a new republican bill to replace obamacare will be unveiled in the u.s. senate on monday with backing from president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house on wednesday unanimously approved a sweeping proposal to speed the deployment of self-driving cars without human controls by putting federal regulators in the driver’s seat and barring states from blocking autonomous vehicles. the house measure
"washington (reuters) - fbi director christopher wray said on thursday he has “not detected any whiff of interference” by the white house into the ongoing investigation into russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. speaking publicly for the first time since being confirmed as head of the federal bureau of investigation
 government funding
 ryan see passage of u.s tax overhaul by end of year"
"washington (reuters) - white house budget chief mick mulvaney said on thursday that any tax reform package passed by congress this year would be retroactive. “if it passes by the end of the year it will be retroactive
"washington (reuters) - white house budget chief mick mulvaney said on thursday that any tax reform package passed by congress this year would be retroactive. “if it passes by the end of the year it will be retroactive
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday that he and congressional leaders had discussed the possibility of jettisoning a long-standing cap on u.s. government debt
"washington (reuters) - twitter inc (twtr.n) is expected to brief u.s. congressional investigators soon on whether russia used its advertising platform to promote divisive social and political messages during the 2016 election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday that he discussed a permanent repeal of the debt ceiling at a meeting with congressional leaders this week and is open to the concept. “for many years
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said on thursday he opposes any effort to do away with the role of congress in approving increases to the federal debt limit. “i think there’s a legitimate role for power of the purse and article 1 powers
 spending"
"washington (reuters) - youths who were brought to the united states illegally and gained protection under the obama administration should not worry about their immigration status during the next six months before the program ends
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday said he wanted to help lawmakers pass legislation aimed at helping to protect youth brought to the united states illegally
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate committee on thursday voted to advance the white house’s nomination of randal quarles to the federal reserve’s board of governors
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he expects to unveil a proposal for overhauling the federal tax code this fall and to get legislation passed by the end of the year that includes a lower corporate tax rate. “we want america to wake up on new year’s day 2018 with a new tax system
 border security in immigration bill: nyt interview"
"washington (reuters) - comprehensive reform of the u.s. tax code is still likely to pass by the end of 2017 despite the government spending deal president donald trump struck with democrats
 his party: an american odd couple"
"mandan
"aboard air force one (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on wednesday he expects president donald trump’s tax plan to be considered by congressional committees later this month. “we have a plan. the plan’s being socialized with members
"washington/aboard air force one (reuters) - president donald trump forged a surprising deal with democrats in congress on wednesday to extend the u.s. debt limit and provide government funding until dec. 15
"san francisco (reuters) - facebook inc said on wednesday it had found that an operation likely based in russia spent $100
"san francisco (reuters) - facebook inc has turned over information about u.s. election ads it believes were bought by russians to robert mueller
"washington (reuters) - senator elizabeth warren
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s call to the u.s. congress to pass protections for some undocumented immigrants is stirring interest among his fellow republicans in congress
"(reuters) - oklahoma governor mary fallin plans to call a special legislative session to fill a budget shortfall of $215 million tied to cigarette sales
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s oldest son
 states headed for showdown over fuel rules"
"new york (reuters) - fifteen states and the district of columbia filed a lawsuit on wednesday challenging president donald trump’s decision to end protections and benefits for young people who were brought into the united states illegally as children. the multistate lawsuit filed by a group of democratic attorneys general on wednesday to protect beneficiaries of the deferred action for childhood arrivals program argues their state economies will be hurt if residents lose their status. the lawsuit seeks to block trump’s decision and maintain daca. the lawsuit claims trump’s decision was “motivated
 border security need to be linked"
 eyes debt ceiling debate"
 harvey"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday approved roughly $8 billion in initial emergency aid for relief and rebuilding after hurricane harvey
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senators marco rubio and bill nelson of florida asked senate leaders to include additional funding for hurricane irma in a $7.85 billion disaster aid package for hurricane harvey passed by the house of representatives earlier on wednesday. rubio
"boston (reuters) - a proposed massachusetts ballot initiative that would allow voters to require u.s. presidential candidates to release their tax returns cleared a key hurdle on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee to lead the u.s. justice department’s civil rights division denounced white hate groups on wednesday and pledged to support the agency’s investigation into the murder of a woman by a man believed to harbor nazi sympathies.  in his confirmation hearing before the senate judiciary committee
"newark
 lawmakers agree on disaster aid
"washington (reuters) - congressional democratic leaders on wednesday said they would support an effort to tie government financial relief in the aftermath of hurricane harvey to a three-month extension of the nation’s debt limit. “democrats are prepared to offer our votes for the harvey aid package
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on wednesday blasted a proposal from the top two democrats in congress for a three-month increase in the nation’s debt limit. “i think that’s a ridiculous idea
 government funding"
 places onus on congress"
 tax cuts"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress
 hurricane aid
"(reuters) - the state of texas won at least a temporary victory on tuesday in its bid to implement a controversial voter identification law when a federal appeals court stayed a ruling by a u.s. district court judge that barred its enforcement. a three-member panel of the u.s. 5th circuit court of appeals in new orleans voted 2-1 to put the lower court judge’s ruling on hold while it considers the constitutionality of the law
 el salvador
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration is set to unveil revised self-driving vehicle guidelines next week in michigan
" washington (reuters) - the workforce at the u.s. environmental protection agency is on course to fall to its lowest level since ronald reagan was president
 japan
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house intelligence committee has issued subpoenas to the justice department and fbi for documents related to a dossier that alleged russia collected compromising material on donald trump
 trump finds democrat willing to explore tax plan"
 immigrant groups to fight trump's dreamer decision"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives easily approved legislation on tuesday that would ensure a key regulatory panel would be able to retain expertise on the insurance industry. by a vote of 407 to 1
"washington/mexico city (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s top trade adviser expressed optimism on tuesday about reaching agreement on a revised free trade pact with south korea
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on tuesday he has “great heart” for illegal immigrants brought to the united states as children and he wants congress to produce a legislative solution for them. “i have a great heart for the folks we’re talking about
"(reuters) - the trump administration drew vigorous responses to its announcement on tuesday it would be ending an obama-era program that allows children to stay in the united states who entered the country illegally.  business executives
' not 'required legally'"
"(reuters) - former wisconsin sheriff david clarke
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has spoken to congressional leaders about immigration reform and is confident that congress will take action to deal with the status of illegal immigrants who have grown up in the united states
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration said on tuesday it will end a program that shielded young undocumented immigrants from deportation
 urges congress to enact immigration law"
"washington (reuters) - the president of microsoft corp expressed deep disappointment on tuesday with president donald trump’s decision to rescind a program for immigrants brought into the united states illegally as children and urged congress to protect these so-called dreamers before embarking on tax reform legislation.  “we say this even though microsoft
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration outlined on tuesday how it will dismantle a program that shielded from deportation undocumented immigrants who came to the united states as children and allowed them to work in the country. the winding-down of the program was announced by attorney general jeff sessions
"washington (reuters) - a house of representatives committee said on tuesday it will consider this week a resolution asking president donald trump and attorney general jeff sessions to provide documents related to trump’s firing of james comey as fbi director. the house judiciary committee said it would consider the resolution of inquiry asking trump to provide the documents to the house and directing sessions to do so on thursday. trump fired comey
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump had a message for lawmakers returning to washington after the august recess on tuesday
"houston (reuters) - texas on monday edged toward recovery from the devastation of hurricane harvey as shipping channels
"(reuters) - new york and washington state on monday vowed to sue president donald trump if he scraps a program shielding from deportation immigrants who came to the united states illegally as children. the trump administration is expected to announce on tuesday that he will end the so-called dreamers program but give the u.s. congress six months to craft legislation to replace it
"cincinnati (reuters) - democrat richard cordray delivered a campaign-style stump speech at a sprawling labor day celebration on monday
 texas: u.s. coast guard"
"(reuters) - wal-mart stores inc said on monday it has reopened most stores in the gulf region that were shut due to hurricane harvey.  the company said five stores along the coast where the hurricane made landfall remain shut. texas has been trying to recover from a storm that dumped some 50 inches (125 cm) of rain on the low-lying gulf coastal region after coming ashore on aug. 25
 congress reconvenes facing fiscal tests"
"vienna (reuters) - the international energy agency (iea) still sees no need for a coordinated international release of oil stocks after hurricane harvey disrupted a large chunk of u.s. refining and some production facilities
"houston (reuters) - salvage efforts continued on monday to remove a sunken drydock in an industrial portion of the houston ship channel
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house will consider a disaster relief package on wednesday in wake of hurricane harvey that led to massive flooding in texas and has been blamed for at least 50 deaths
"(reuters) - ilka eren
"washington (reuters) - when the u.s. congress returns from summer vacation on tuesday
"london (reuters) - ratings agency moody’s said on monday it did not believe global property reinsurance prices trends would be materially affected by hurricane harvey
"xiamen
"houston (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin on sunday challenged congress to raise the government’s debt limit in order to free up relief spending for hurricane harvey
' give congress six months to fix"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump admonished south korea
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin on sunday put pressure on congress to increase the government’s debt limit by arguing that relief funding for hurricane-ravaged areas of texas might be delayed if lawmakers do not act quickly.  “without raising the debt limit
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on twitter on sunday that the united states was considering cutting trade to any country doing business with north korea. north korea said it had tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile on sunday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said “we’ll see” when asked whether the united states would attack north korea
 putin on cooperation over north korea"
"houston (reuters) - state and local governments need to become more self-sufficient in handling major disasters like hurricane harvey
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steve mnuchin said on sunday that he would put together a package of new sanctions to potentially cut off all trade with north korea after pyongyang conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test. speaking on fox news
"houston (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump took up the mantle of “comforter-in-chief” in a visit to storm-wracked houston as he played with children and served up food to evacuees from hurricane harvey
 a presidential visit and baseball's return"
"houston (reuters) - thirteen superfund sites
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department said it had no evidence to support the unsubstantiated claim made in march by president donald trump that his predecessor
 texas
"houston (reuters) - union pacific corp said on saturday repairs to a rail line damaged by tropical stormy harvey are being hindered by a fire at an arkema chemical plant in crosby
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on saturday authorized an increase in the level of federal funding for debris removal and emergency protective measures as a result of hurricane harvey to 90 percent from 75 percent
"chicago (reuters) - u.s. activists plan protests in up to 400 cities across the united states on monday’s labor day holiday to demand a minimum wage of $15 an hour
 louisiana
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives speaker paul ryan urged president donald trump on friday not to rescind an obama-era program that protects immigrants who entered the united states illegally as children
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on friday nominated columbia university law professor robert jackson
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump intends to nominate former u.n. spokesman richard grenell to be u.s. ambassador to germany
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will nominate kenneth juster to be ambassador to india
"washington (reuters) - for a man who prefers to project a glowering brusqueness
"washington (reuters) - huntington ingalls inc is being awarded a $2.8 billion cost-plus-incentive fee contract for uss george washington refueling complex overhaul
 digesting u.s. diplomatic retaliation
 says moscow"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will announce his decision on tuesday on whether to rescind the obama-era policy protecting immigrants who came to the united states illegally as children
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration
"washington (reuters) - the white house has signaled to congressional republican leaders that it has pulled back from u.s. president donald trump’s threat to shut down the government if a border wall with mexico is not funded
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on friday president donald trump should not rescind an obama-era program that protects immigrants who entered the country illegally as children
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on friday that lawmakers will replenish a federal disaster relief fund to keep federal aid flowing to hurricane harvey victims but that full assistance will come from congress in installments. “we won’t fully know what all is needed for some time. but we do know that the cash drain is fast. and so we’re going to have to do some quick responses
"(reuters) - a federal judge has rejected senator robert menendez’s request to allow breaks in his corruption trial beginning next wednesday so the new jersey democrat could travel to washington to cast critical senate votes. in a decision made public on friday
"washington (reuters) - a federal watchdog said on friday it was reviewing the circumstances surrounding u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin’s controversial flight last month to kentucky
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on friday that a u.s. decision to close russia’s san francisco consulate and buildings in washington and new york pushed bilateral ties further into a blind alley and fueled a spiral of tit-for-tat retaliatory measures. the united states on thursday ordered russia to close the facilities by sept. 2 in retaliation for moscow cutting the u.s. diplomatic presence in russia. “the new steps push our bilateral relations even further into a dead end and contradict other high level announcements 
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is expected to rescind an obama administration policy that protects from deportation nearly 800
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is expected to nominate columbia university law professor robert jackson to be a member of the securities and exchange commission
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - estimates of the size of a hurricane harvey aid package for texas and louisiana rose on thursday
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is expected to soon end an obama-era policy that protects nearly 800
"new york (reuters) - three high-ranking military officials from the obama administration on thursday joined several transgender service members in urging a u.s. judge to halt president donald trump’s ban on transgender people serving in the military. the former secretaries of the army
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on thursday that hurricane harvey could bring forward the deadline by which the nation’s debt ceiling needs to be raised and that he is open to the borrowing cap being dealt with as part of a wider bill.    “we obviously have now the hurricane spending
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is still reviewing the obama-era program that protects immigrants who entered the country illegally as children
 orders closure of consulate
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on thursday he had signed orders to send additional troops to afghanistan
"(reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives will vote wednesday on a sweeping proposal to speed the deployment of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking autonomous vehicles
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov expressed regret during a phone call with his u.s. counterpart rex tillerson about washington’s move to close down moscow’s san francisco consulate and two other annexes
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government could provide up to $80 billion in aid to victims of hurricane harvey
"washington (reuters) - democratic state officials blasted the u.s. environmental protection agency on thursday for telling governors in what they describe as a “legally incorrect” letter in march that they do not need to comply with a major climate change regulation. fourteen democratic attorneys general and officials from six cities and counties said the guidance that epa administrator scott pruitt sent to states on march 30 was misleading because the clean power plan enacted under former president barack obama
"austin
"washington (reuters) - defense secretary jim mattis openly differed with his commander in chief over north korea on wednesday
 overlooks white house aide cohn"
 north korea
 new york attorney general cooperating on manafort probe: politico"
"washington (reuters) - a democratic u.s. senator on wednesday urged the fbi to investigate whether billionaire investor carl icahn broke the law when he called for biofuels policies that would have benefited his investments while serving as an adviser to president donald trump. senator tammy duckworth said icahn’s guidance to trump on the federal biofuel program may have created a conflict of interest with the oil refining company cvr energy inc (cvi.n)
"washington (reuters) - financial firms are sounding alarm bells and dusting off contingency plans over fears an increasingly dysfunctional u.s. congress may fail to reach a deal to raise the country’s debt limit. several lobbyists
 cities offload infrastructure"
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon has notified the u.s. congress of the sale to nigeria of 12 super tucano a-29 planes and weapons worth $593 million
"washington (reuters) - the interior department’s inspector general said it dropped a probe into a reported threat by the agency’s head
"moscow (reuters) - moscow and washington should re-establish direct contacts between their military and foreign policy chiefs
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau was coy
 congress mulls flood insurance program's future"
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin’s spokesman confirmed on wednesday he had received an email in january last year from an adviser to donald trump about a moscow real estate project
"springfield
"springfield
"(reuters) - the trump administration has blocked a rule requiring u.s. employers to report detailed pay data broken down by gender and race
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on tuesday current policy regarding transgender personnel serving in the military would remain in place until he advises president donald trump on how to implement his directive on a transgender ban. mattis said in a statement he would set up a panel of experts serving in the departments of defense and homeland security to provide recommendations on implementing the ban. he said he would advise the president after the panel reports it recommendations
 cohn"
"new york (reuters) - world number three roger federer survived a first-round scare from frances tiafoe before grinding out a 4-6 6-2 6-1 1-6 6-4 victory over the american teenager in front of a raucous crowd at the u.s. open on tuesday. federer looked more relieved than overjoyed when tiafoe’s forehand found the net on match point to keep his hopes of a 20th grand slam title alive. “we had a good fight
"washington/austin
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration plans to name a washington-based academic and former white house official
 manafort lawyer subpoenaed: cnn"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is unlikely to win congressional support for funds he wants for a proposed u.s.-mexico border wall before an oct. 1 deadline
"seattle (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on monday sharply questioned a lawyer defending president donald trump’s effort to broadly enforce a temporary refugee ban that the republican president said was necessary for national security. at a hearing in seattle
"washington/new york (reuters) - the frequent travels of the head of the u.s. environmental protection agency
 awaits trump"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on monday the united states is “very protective” of the baltics in the face of a russian naval exercise with china in the baltic sea and said the united states and its allies would be able to handle any threat. “we are very protective of that region
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. defense department awarded raytheon a $614 million modification for a contract previously valued at $630 million
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on monday he hoped a government shutdown would not be necessary over his demand that the u.s. congress fund his proposed wall along the southern border with mexico. at a news conference with visiting finnish president sauli niinisto
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon has notified the u.s. congress of the sale to nigeria of 12 super tucano a-29 planes and weapons worth $593 million
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on monday issued an executive order revoking limits imposed by predecessor barack obama on the transfer of surplus military equipment to local law enforcement agencies
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives’ democratic leader nancy pelosi said on monday that republicans and democrats should join together to pass timely relief for victims of tropical storm harvey
"almaty (reuters) - united states energy secretary rick perry has canceled a planned visit to kazakhstan on monday
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s company was pursuing a moscow real estate deal while he was running for u.s. president in late 2015 and early 2016
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump renewed his threat to scrap nafta and ripped on trading partners canada and mexico in a tweet early on sunday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on sunday the firing of three ballistic missiles by north korea this week was a provocative act but that the united states will continue to seek a peaceful resolution.  “we do view it as a provocative act against the united states and our allies
 ryan says"
 a trump adviser and bannon ally
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is likely to rescind an obama-era policy that protects nearly 600
"caracas/washington/ (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump signed an executive order that prohibits dealings in new debt from the venezuelan government or its state oil company on friday in an effort to halt financing that the white house said fuels president nicolas maduro’s “dictatorship.” maduro
 democrats weigh tax demands"
"(reuters) - federal prosecutors on friday opposed a last-ditch effort by new jersey senator robert menendez to allow periodic delays in his federal corruption trial in newark
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump signed a memorandum on friday that directs the u.s. military not to accept transgender men and women as recruits and halts the use of government funds for sex-reassignment surgeries for active personnel unless the process is already underway. the memo
caracas (reuters) - venezuelan president nicolas maduro said on friday his u.s. counterpart donald trump’s executive order prohibiting dealings in new debt from the venezuelan government or its state oil company pdvsa was designed to push the crisis-hit country into default and essentially forces the closure of its u.s. refining unit citgo.    maduro added in a tv address from the presidential palace that a preliminary analysis showed the sanctions would impede venezuela’s crude exports to the united states. 
"washington (reuters) - special counsel robert mueller has issued grand jury subpoenas seeking testimony from public relations executives who worked on an international campaign organized by former trump campaign adviser paul manafort
"(reuters) - special counsel robert mueller is examining what role
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump took republican senator bob corker to task on twitter on friday
 john kelly
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on friday the nation’s debt ceiling will be raised in september and that after talks with congressional leaders from both parties everyone is “on the same page.” “my strong preference is that we have a clean debt ceiling (increase)
 debt limit issues spooking markets?"
"anaheim
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on friday that new sanctions imposed against venezuela were aimed at hobbling the regime of president nicolas maduro by restricting the country’s access to u.s. debt and equity markets. “we urge those within the regime
"new york (reuters) - the united states is trying to promote a humanitarian crisis in venezuela by imposing new sanctions
 democrat hickenlooper mull joint white house run: media"
"united nations (reuters) - u.s. ambassador to the united nations nikki haley said on friday that u.s. sanctions against venezuela were a strong message to president nicolas maduro that the united states would not tolerate a “dictatorship” in that country.  haley
 decided to stay: nyt"
 white house adviser tells ft"
"san francisco (reuters) - affordable housing advocates are closely watching a package of bills currently under consideration by california lawmakers that would invest billions of dollars in helping to alleviate the state’s severe housing crisis. for years
 fake news
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump picked a new fight on thursday with his fellow republicans
"washington (reuters) - u.s. interior secretary ryan zinke said on thursday he has sent recommendations from his review of more than two dozen national monuments to president donald trump
 says keen to overcome obstacles"
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. court on thursday rejected a bid by republican voters to throw out congressional districts drawn by democratic lawmakers in maryland. the three-judge panel sitting in baltimore
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday it was committed to making sure congress raises the nation’s debt limit even as the president described the looming legislative process as a “mess.” “it’s our job to inform congress of the debt ceiling and it’s their job to raise it
 nuclear power"
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that there was no need to repair the relationship between president donald trump and republican congressional leaders
 has many options: ryan"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on thursday rejected speculation that future tax legislation could include temporary tax cuts for businesses
"jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump remains committed and optimistic about achieving israeli-palestinian peace
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government might not have enough money to pay all its bills on oct. 2 if washington does not raise a cap on federal borrowing
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on twitter on thursday that a legislative “mess” could have been avoided if republican congressional leaders had followed his advice to tie debt ceiling legislation to a veterans affairs bill. “i requested that mitch m & paul r tie the debt ceiling legislation into the popular v.a. bill (which just passed) for easy approval
"washington/kuala lumpur (reuters) - president donald trump has invited malaysian prime minister najib razak
"washington/new york (reuters) - president donald trump’s fellow republicans rebuked him on wednesday after his threat to shut down the u.s. government over funding for a border wall rattled markets and cast a shadow over congressional efforts to raise the country’s debt ceiling and pass spending bills. “i don’t think anyone’s interested in having a shutdown
"washington (reuters) - the united states could impose additional penalties on four unidentified countries that do not cooperate with requests to return their citizens
"washington (reuters) - the white house is expected to tell the pentagon in coming days how to implement a ban on transgender people in the military
"(reuters) - a federal court judge on wednesday threw out a texas voter identification law that was supported by the trump administration
 lockheed for next-gen cruise missile"
 mcconnell say they remain united on shared goals"
 mcconnell 'united on many shared priorities': white house"
 looming debt ceiling"
"phoenix (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump warned on tuesday he might terminate the nafta trade treaty with mexico and canada after three-way talks failed to bridge deep differences. the united states
"phoenix (reuters) - police fired pepper spray to disperse protesters outside a rally by u.s. president donald trump in phoenix
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on wednesday that the government shutdown threatened by president donald trump is unnecessary and not wanted by lawmakers in congress. “i don’t think anyone is interested in having a shutdown. i don’t think it is in our interests to do so
 in book
 connecticut faces budget crunch"
"hartford (reuters) - connecticut
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian foreign minister sameh shoukry is no longer meeting u.s. president donald trump’s advisor and son-in-law jared kushner on wednesday
"phoenix (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump hinted on tuesday that he would issue a pardon for joe arpaio
"phoenix (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump expressed cautious optimism on tuesday about a possible improvement in relations with north korea after months of mounting tension over its weapons programs. “i respect the fact that he is starting to respect us
"phoenix (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump revved up supporters on tuesday with a defense of his response to a white supremacist-organized rally in virginia and a promise to shut down the u.s. government if necessary to build a wall along the border with mexico. under fire for saying “both sides” were to blame for the violence between white supremacists and left-wing counter protesters in virginia on aug. 12
 bill says"
 u.s. navy"
 training"
"washington (reuters) - the united states suggested on tuesday it could cut u.s. aid to pakistan or downgrade islamabad’s status as a major non-nato ally to pressure the south asian nation to do more to help it with the war in afghanistan. a day after president donald trump committed to an open-ended conflict in afghanistan and singled out pakistan for harboring afghan taliban insurgents and other militants
"washington (reuters) - rolling back territorial gains by the taliban and strengthening the afghanistan army’s ability to fight will be two key objectives of president donald trump’s new strategy for the country
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department is scaling back its request to obtain a broad swath of data in connection with an anti-trump website
"washington (reuters) - some members of a white house infrastructure advisory council have resigned
"(reuters) - the wife of u.s. treasury secretary steve mnuchin on tuesday apologized for sniping at a critic on social media site instagram who called her “deplorable” for a post highlighting her expensive clothing as she exited a government plane. the flap erupted after mnuchin’s wife
"washington (reuters) - fujifilm medical systems u.s.a. inc
 republicans tweak business interest plan"
 but options scarce"
"baghdad/erbil
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi forces breached on tuesday the city limits of tal afar
"baghdad (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary james mattis said on tuesday he was waiting for a plan from the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff that follows president donald trump’s south asia strategy before he makes a decision on how many additional troops to send to afghanistan. “when he brings that to me
"eckernfoerde
"brussels (reuters) - nato allies on tuesday welcomed president donald trump’s decision to commit more forces to afghanistan
"moscow (reuters) - russia does not believe that u.s. president donald trump’s new strategy on afghanistan will lead to any significant positive changes in the country
"beijing (reuters) - china defended its ally pakistan on tuesday after u.s. president donald trump said the united states could no longer be silent about pakistan’s “safe havens” for militants and warned it had much to lose by continuing to “harbor terrorists”. trump on monday committed the united states to an open-ended conflict in afghanistan
"kabul (reuters) - afghan leader ashraf ghani on tuesday welcomed u.s. president donald trump’s new strategy for the war in afghanistan
"london (reuters) - britain on tuesday welcomed a commitment by u.s. president donald trump to step up the military campaign against taliban insurgents in afghanistan. president trump committed the united states to an open-ended conflict in afghanistan on monday night
 vow 'jihad' will go on"
 no end in sight to afghan war"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump came around to the decision to allow for more troops to be sent to afghanistan only after a prolonged internal debate in which he frequently tangled with his top national security advisers. trump had repeatedly argued on the campaign trail last year that the long-running wars in afghanistan and iraq were a waste of lives and billions of dollars that could be better spent at home. an emotional visit in april to walter reed hospital
"washington (reuters) - the head of u.s. and international forces in afghanistan said on monday the united states’ future presence in afghanistan would be based on “conditions and not arbitrary timelines”. “this new strategy means the taliban cannot win militarily. now is the time to renounce violence and reconcile
"amman (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on tuesday that he had directed the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff to carry out president donald trump’s south asia strategy after a rigorous interagency review which he would discuss with nato allies. “i have directed the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff to make preparations to carry out the president’s strategy
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will visit a border protection facility in a town along the u.s.-mexican border in arizona on tuesday as he seeks congressional funding for the wall he wants built
"washington (reuters) - three democratic u.s. senators wrote to senior administration officials on monday seeking confirmation on whether white house counterterrorism adviser sebastian gorka is under criminal investigation for failing to disclose his membership in a hungarian neo-nazi organization. “as a senior counterterrorism advisor
 northrop for icbm replacement"
000 more troops to afghanistan: fox news"
100 employees face unpaid overtime"
"(reuters) - president donald trump was likely to open the door on monday to a modest increase in u.s. troop numbers in afghanistan
"islamabad (reuters) - pakistan has taken action against all islamist militants including the haqqani network
 fake news"
"moscow (reuters) - russia’s next ambassador to washington will be anatoly antonov
"washington (reuters) - two prominent religious conservatives defended u.s. president donald trump on sunday after he was widely criticized for blaming both white nationalists and counter-protesters for last weekend’s violence at a virginia rally organized by neo-nazis and white supremacists.  evangelical christian jerry falwell jr said trump could be more polished and politically correct but is not racist. former arkansas governor mike huckabee
"washington (reuters) - adam schiff
"washington (reuters) - u.s. interior secretary ryan zinke will recommend on aug. 24 whether to eliminate or shrink nearly two dozen national monuments
"chicago (reuters) - former white house chief strategist steve bannon’s firing has been met with a collective shrug by some of president donald trump’s most committed supporters who argue the controversial nationalist became an obstacle to the administration’s agenda.    in interviews in multiple cities this weekend
"washington (reuters) - urged by his yale university classmates to resign as treasury secretary following president donald trump’s response to a white nationalist protest
"washington/bridgewater
 first lady will not attend kennedy center honors: white house"
 bannon returns to his 'killing machine'"
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump praised his former chief strategist steve bannon on saturday
"washington (reuters) - defense secretary jim mattis travels to the middle east and eastern europe next week to play the increasingly familiar role of reassuring allies that the united states is committed to them despite mixed messages from president donald trump.      mattis will visit jordan
 his u.n. envoy says stand up
 homeland security
"washington/hagerstown
" (corrects corker quote in paragraph 4 of aug. 17 story to show he said “stability” not “ability
"washington (reuters) - white house special counsel ty cobb predicts the cloud of an investigation into russian meddling in the u.s. election will soon be lifted from president donald trump and says he would be “embarrassed” if it still hangs over the president in 2018. cobb told reuters this week that he talks to trump on an almost daily basis and has been in contact with the team of robert mueller
"hagerstown
"(reuters) - billionaire investor carl icahn ended his role as a special adviser to u.s. president donald trump on friday after facing criticism that policy recommendations he offered could help his own investments. some democratic lawmakers and biofuels advocates argued that icahn’s guidance to the republican administration created a conflict of interest with his businesses
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on friday fired his chief strategist stephen bannon
"washington (reuters) - the departure on friday of steve bannon
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is considering his options for a new u.s. strategy in afghanistan and will make an announcement “at the appropriate time
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday fired chief strategist stephen bannon in the latest white house shake-up
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department’s email service has been restored after an approximately half-day outage
 bannon quickly fell from grace"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department has approved the sale of mobile artillery rocket systems to romania worth up to $1.25 billion
"washington/hagerstown
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday he was elevating the status of the pentagon’s u.s. cyber command to help spur development of cyber weapons to deter attacks and punish intruders. in a statement
"washington (reuters) - a decision from president donald trump’s chief of staff john kelly is imminent on whether white house chief strategist steve bannon will keep his job
 trump says u.s. ready and borders secure"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has stepped up his attacks on republican senators
"(reuters) - president donald trump has faced strong criticism for his actions regarding investigations into russia’s role in the 2016 u.s. election and contacts between his campaign and moscow. trump has denied any collusion by the campaign and has frequently expressed frustration over the investigations
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has abandoned plans to create an infrastructure advisory council
 fake news
"washington (reuters) - donald trump on thursday fired back at a critic in his own party who had denounced the president’s response to the charlottesville
"(reuters) - wisconsin’s republican-controlled state assembly voted 59-30 on thursday to approve a bill that paves the way for a $3 billion incentives package for a proposed liquid-crystal display plant by taiwan’s foxconn. the plan still needs to be approved by the joint finance committee
"(reuters) - the republican-controlled wisconsin state assembly voted 59-30 on thursday to approve a bill that paves the way for a $3 billion incentives package for a proposed liquid-crystal display plant by taiwan’s foxconn. the plan still needs to be approved by the joint finance committee
"(reuters) - a democratic missouri state senator is facing calls for her resignation and an investigation by the u.s. secret service after posting - and then removing - a facebook comment saying she wished president donald trump would be assassinated.     state senator maria chappelle-nadal has been criticized by state party leaders
"wilmington
"new york (reuters) - u.s. house democrats said on thursday they were launching an investigation into why prices for multiple sclerosis (ms) treatments have nearly quintupled since 2004
"washington (reuters) - senator bob corker
"washington (reuters) - white house economic adviser gary cohn is remaining in his post
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house democratic leader nancy pelosi on thursday joined calls for the immediate removal of confederate statues from the u.s. capitol
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is close to making a decision to elevate the status of the pentagon’s cyber command
 vows donations to rights groups"
"washington/new york (reuters) - president donald trump disbanded two high-profile business advisory councils on wednesday after several chief executives quit in protest over his remarks blaming weekend violence in virginia on anti-racism activists as well as white nationalists. a parade of prominent republicans also rebuked trump
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump disbanded two high-profile business advisory councils on wednesday after corporate ceos quit in protest at his remarks blaming violence in charlottesville
"berlin/london (reuters) - america’s closest allies condemned u.s. president donald trump in unusually strong and personal terms on wednesday after he put part of the blame for violent clashes in the state of virginia on those marching against gun-brandishing neo-nazis. british prime minister theresa may
 move to exile white supremacists"
"new york/washington (reuters) - several u.s. chief executives had been considering resigning from donald trump’s business advisory councils for months after the president said he would pull out of the paris climate accord and ban transgender people from the military
"new york/washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s turnabout on the violence in charlottesville
"(reuters) - the united states is in an economic war with china
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump inflamed tension after a deadly rally by white nationalists in virginia by insisting that counter protesters were also to blame
 policy forum"
"washington (reuters) - the united states drew a hard line for renegotiating the north american free trade agreement on wednesday
"santiago (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence said on wednesday he was confident a renegotiation of the nafta trade pact between the united states
"washington (reuters) - talks to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement (nafta) must include a discussion of new financial services
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. congressional panel next month will hold a hearing on violent extremism
"(reuters) - the mayor of phoenix on wednesday called on president donald trump to postpone a rally he was scheduled to hold on tuesday in the city
"washington (reuters) - there is “simply no place” in american public discourse for “hate and violence” displayed in charlottesville
"washington (reuters) - longtime trump communications aide hope hicks has been named as interim communications director
"santa barbara
"santiago (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence said on wednesday he was confident a renegotiation of the nafta trade pact between the united states
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on wednesday reversed a ruling that prevented arkansas from cutting off medicaid funding to planned parenthood following the release of controversial videos secretly recorded by an anti-abortion group. the 8th u.s. circuit court of appeals in st. louis reversed a ruling forbidding arkansas from carrying through with republican governor asa hutchinson’s directive to suspend medicaid reimbursements to a planned parenthood affiliate. u.s. district judge kristine baker in little rock had ruled in favor of three women who claimed arkansas violated their rights under the federal medicaid law to choose any qualified provider offering services they were seeking. but by a 2-1 vote
"(reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions on wednesday strongly criticized the city of chicago’s political leadership
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. department of homeland security terminated a program on wednesday that allowed minors fleeing violence in el salvador
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration will make cost-sharing payments to insurance companies under obamacare for august
"washington (reuters) - mexico’s economy minister on wednesday said the first day of talks to rewrite a trade pact between the united states
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s strategic and policy forum is disbanding because debate over member participation “has become a distraction” from its goals of aiding policy discussions
"washington (reuters) - annual employee surveys released by the fbi on wednesday show former director james comey was highly regarded
"(reuters) - members of u.s. president donald trump’s strategic and policy forum have decided to disband the group
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump dismantled two ceo advisory panels on wednesday as a growing number of chief executives announced their resignations following his response to a weekend of violence in virginia that stoked racial tensions nationwide. “rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the manufacturing council & strategy & policy forum
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator lindsey graham on wednesday called out fellow republican president donald trump
"(reuters) - a republican candidate backed by president donald trump for a u.s. senate seat from alabama is expected to finish a distant second in a primary election on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on wednesday “messages of hate and bigotry” from white supremacists
"berlin (reuters) - senior german politicians on wednesday accused u.s. president donald trump of trivializing violence by white supremacists in virginia and called for a clear rejection of their ideology. governments could only win the fight against hatred
"washington (reuters) - mexico’s economy minister ildefonso guajardo said on wednesday the issue with renegotiating the north american free trade agreement (nafta) is “not tearing apart what has worked” but rather finding a way to make the agreement better. negotiators from the united states
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s top trade official laid down a hard negotiating line for revamping the north american free trade agreement on wednesday
 the rocky history of nafta"
"washington (reuters) - the united states
"new york (reuters) - allan landon prepared for his job at the federal reserve for two-and-a-half years during the obama administration before his nomination sank into the partisan quicksand of washington d.c.
"(reuters) - negotiators from canada
"austin
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on tuesday rolled back rules regarding environmental reviews and restrictions on government-funded building projects in flood-prone areas as part of his proposal to spend $1 trillion to fix aging u.s. infrastructure.  trump’s latest executive order would speed approvals of permits for highways
 manufacturing council"
"austin
"washington/new york (reuters) - for months
 parents address children's fears after violence"
 companies comment on charlottesville"
 xenophobia: twitter post"
 others less so"
"toronto (reuters) - neo-nazi website the daily stormer
 driver sued for $3 million"
 says president 'tolerates bigotry'"
"austin
"(reuters) - the chief executives of intel corp
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on tuesday dismissed company executives who have resigned from one of his presidential advisory committees in reaction to his response following weekend violence in charlottesville
"beijing (reuters) - china will take action to defend its interests if the united states damages trade ties
"san francisco (reuters) - california sued the u.s. department of justice on monday over federal restrictions on some law enforcement grants to so-called sanctuary cities
"(reuters) - u.s. auto safety advocacy group center for auto safety has appointed an official with a track record in federal government consumer protection agencies as its new executive director
 merck pharma
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on monday authorized an inquiry into china’s alleged theft of intellectual property in the first direct trade measure by his administration against beijing
"beijing (reuters) - china said on tuesday that it would take actions to defend its interests if the united states damages trade ties after u.s. president donald trump authorized an inquiry into china’s alleged theft of intellectual property. [nl2n1l01g0] the united states should respect objective facts
"shanghai (reuters) - a decision by the united states to investigate china’s trade practices is a unilateralist “baring of fangs” that will hurt both sides
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will sign an executive order on tuesday “establishing discipline and accountability in the environmental review and permitting process for infrastructure projects
"austin
"ottawa (reuters) - canada laid down a tough line ahead of talks on modernizing nafta on monday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. trade representative robert lighthizer said on monday that a probe on whether to launch an investigation into china’s intellectual property practices will be one of his office’s “highest priorities.” lighthizer said in a statement that china’s industrial policies and other practices “reportedly” have forced the transfer of vital u.s. technology to chinese companies. “we will engage in a thorough investigation and
"washington (reuters) - environmental group the sierra club sued the u.s. energy department on monday in hopes of forcing it to reveal the groups it has consulted in conducting an eagerly awaited study on the electricity grid. it was the latest push-back on the department’s study from backers of renewable energy such as wind and solar power who fear it could be used by the trump administration to form policies that could slow growth in the industry.    energy secretary rick perry
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration has set a collision course with the auto industry as it launches renegotiations of the 23-year-old nafta trade pact this week
 not weakening
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump chided merck & co inc’s kenneth frazier after the drugmaker’s chief executive resigned from a presidential advisory board earlier on monday and cited a need for u.s. leaders to denounce bigotry following a violent weekend in charlottesville
 realtors
 u.s. aid chief vows to do more with less"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s reelection campaign released its first television advertisement on sunday
 contenders fight over who is trump's biggest fan"
"bedminster
"washington (reuters) - the special counsel investigating whether russia interfered in the u.s. presidential election and possible collusion between moscow and the trump campaign wants to speak with current and former senior white house officials
 china's xi urges restraint over north korea"
 macron agree to work together on north korea: white house"
"chicago (reuters) - after trying for years to stymie the growth of charter schools in chicago
"bedminster
"beijing (reuters) - the north korean nuclear issue needs a peaceful resolution
"seoul (reuters) - north korea said on saturday that nearly 3.5 million workers
 china's xi committed to denuclearization of korean peninsula:  white house"
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on friday the risks of a military conflict over north korea’s nuclear program are very high
"chicago (reuters) - a u.s. judge on friday ruled that illinois was not providing sufficient resources for the care of developmentally disabled residents and ordered the state to come up with a plan to restore services. u.s. district judge sharon johnson coleman said illinois
 avoid bomb flash. guam issues nuclear guidelines"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said he would speak with chinese president xi jinping on friday night about the “very dangerous” situation regarding north korea. “hopefully
"london (reuters) - frenchman kevin mayer led at the halfway stage of the decathlon at the world championships on friday in the race to fill the void left by the retirement of ashton eaton. american eaton dominated the sport in recent years
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s failure to fill dozens of senior-level positions at the pentagon is making it difficult for defense contractors to forecast business.  defense company officials
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will make a day trip to washington
"chicago (reuters) - a fiscal 2018 budget unveiled on friday by the chicago public schools (cps) depends on nearly $570 million in new money from the state and city that may not materialize or has not been identified. the $5.7 billion spending plan for the fiscal year that began july 1 includes $300 million the state of illinois would send the district under education funding legislation. but republican governor bruce rauner used an amendatory veto to substantially rewrite the bill to remove what he called a cps bailout. it was unclear how much the district would receive under rauner’s revisions.  the democratic-controlled legislature
"bedminster
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. senate committee that handles supreme court nominees said on friday he no longer expected an imminent court vacancy
"washington (reuters) - the united states has been engaging in back-channel diplomacy with north korea for several months
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is sending his son-in-law jared kushner and negotiator jason greenblatt to the middle east soon to meet regional leaders and discuss a “path to substantive israeli-palestinian peace talks
 frozen n.korea debt untradeable due to sanctions"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. navy secretary richard v. spencer said he would follow directions from the president on transgender people in the military but believes “any patriot” should be allowed to serve. spencer
"seoul (reuters) - the escalating threat arising from nuclear-armed north korea’s recent series of missile tests is prompting south korea to beef up its military muscle and experts warn it could spur an arms buildup elsewhere in northeast asia. south korea and japan are accustomed to the north’s frequent threats to attack. but the war of words between washington and pyongyang has raised fears of a sudden clash along the world’s most militarised border dividing the two koreas
"berlin (reuters) - there is no military solution to the united states’ dispute with north korea
"geneva (reuters) - foreign detainees in north korea are reportedly being denied due process in court and being held in inhumane conditions
"washington (reuters) - a joint u.s.-south korean military exercise will start on aug. 21 as planned
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump issued another warning to north korea on friday with a reference to american weapons as being “locked and loaded.” “military solutions are now fully in place
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration reiterated arguments defending its temporary travel ban in a filing with the u.s. supreme court on thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday thanked russian president vladimir putin for ordering the united states to slash its diplomatic staff in russia
"washington (reuters) - the white house plans to release a brief document in early- to mid-september outlining a framework for overhauling the u.s. tax code
"mountain view
"washington (reuters) - four u.s. senate republicans from oil refining states urged the trump administration on thursday to not block oil shipments from venezuela as part of u.s. sanctions against the country
"bedminster
 trump's former campaign chief
"washington (reuters) - during the first six months of the trump presidency
"austin
"bedminster
"bedminster
"detroit (reuters) - the u.s. government is seeking public comments for a review of tough u.s. vehicle fuel-efficiency standards put in place by the obama administration
"bedminster
"(reuters) - oklahoma’s supreme court declared a fee on cigarettes unconstitutional on thursday
"washington (reuters) - a plan by president donald trump and congressional republicans to slash taxes on so-called pass-through businesses is testing lawmakers’ ability to design rules to prevent wealthy people from dodging taxes by paying a lower rate meant to help small businesses grow. businesses ranging in size from the corner mom-and-pop shop to accounting firms and industrial conglomerates are called pass-throughs because their profits flow to owners and are taxed as individual income
 u.s. congress"
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - global warming helped fuel the hottest year on record in 2016
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that president donald trump had appointed neil chatterjee as chair of the federal energy regulatory commission. last week the senate confirmed chatterjee and robert powelson as members of the ferc
"washington/havana (reuters) - cuba said on wednesday it was investigating allegations by the united states that unspecified “incidents” caused physical symptoms in americans serving at the u.s. embassy in havana
"havana (reuters) - cuba’s government said on wednesday it would never allow actions against diplomats and their families on the island
"washington (reuters) - a raid on the virginia home of president donald trump’s former 2016 election campaign manager showed an investigation of possible ties between the campaign and russia is intensifying and focused on the financial dealings of trump associates
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s vow to respond with “fire and fury” if north korea persisted in threatening the united states caught his foreign policy and military aides by surprise
"chicago (reuters) - under a plan announced on wednesday by the mayor’s office
 trial set for september 6"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s leading choice to run the federal trade commission is a washington lawyer who served at the agency as a top official under president george w. bush
 democratic senators seek answers in wells auto scandal"
"austin
"(reuters) - five transgender members of the u.s. military including iraq and afghanistan war veterans sued president donald trump on wednesday
"london
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 u.s. diplomat on tuesday sought to allay concerns among the state department’s rank-and-file employees over possible layoffs and perceptions of a lack of firm direction under the administration of president donald trump. u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson
 north korea"
 offers no new steps"
"berlin (reuters) - former u.s. vice president al gore suggested on tuesday that the presidency of donald trump could end prematurely for “ethical reasons
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives is unlikely to raise the country’s debt ceiling without conditions to rein in spending
"charleston
"washington (reuters) - u.s. diplomats should sidestep questions from foreign governments on what it would take for the trump administration to re-engage in the global paris climate agreement
 backs ohio over voter purges"
"washington (reuters) - only a small number of u.s. tax
"washington (reuters) - with the trump administration’s trade agenda focused on reining in china and renegotiating the north american free trade agreement
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of the interior said on monday it has rescinded an obama-era rule that reformed how energy companies value sales of oil
 seeks other options to pay bills"
"chicago (reuters) - chicago on monday sued to prevent the trump administration from enforcing new policies that would withhold money from so-called sanctuary cities that deny u.s. immigration officials access to local jails. the lawsuit
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence on sunday denied that he is preparing for a presidential election run in 2020
 senator richard blumenthal"
"(reuters) - u.s. health insurer anthem inc (antm.n) said on monday it will no longer offer obamacare plans in nevada’s state exchange and will stop offering the plans in nearly half of georgia’s counties next year. the moves come after republican senators last month failed to repeal and replace obamacare
 russia can settle problems
"istra
 former attorney bharara launches podcast"
"moscow (reuters) - russia will speed up work on reducing dependency on u.s. payment systems and the dollar as a settling currency
 trump's frustration carries echoes of obama years"
"chicago/new york (reuters) - chicago will sue the trump administration on monday over threats to withhold public safety grant money from so-called sanctuary cities
"london (reuters) - wayde van niekerk duly qualified for the world championship 400 meters final on sunday but the defending champion and world record holder looks to have a real battle on his hands after some searing semi-final performances. the south african was desperately trying to conserve energy as he bids for a 200/400m double but was forced to go deeper than he would have liked by botswana’s baboloki thebe in the second of three semi-finals
 says feels u.s. ready to continue dialogue"
"washington (reuters) - one of the top officials at the u.s. justice department said sunday that the agency’s heightened focus on policing leaks of classified information is not intended to put journalists in legal jeopardy. deputy attorney general rod rosenstein emphasized that the department’s renewed effort to prosecute leaks of classified information is not aimed at the news media. “we’re after the leakers
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on sunday he believed his u.s. colleagues were ready to continue dialogue  with moscow on complex issues despite bilateral tensions and the imposition of fresh u.s. sanctions against russia. “we felt the readiness of our u.s. colleagues to continue dialogue. i think there’s no alternative to that
 tillerson may find russia talks an uphill climb"
 pieters share lead at firestone"
"washington (reuters) - the white house may appoint a senior policy adviser with hardline views on immigration
"bedminster
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump reluctantly signed into law a sweeping sanctions bill against russia
"moscow (reuters) - russia’s former ambassador to washington
"washington (reuters) - investigators working for u.s. special counsel robert mueller
 governor defiant"
"united nations (reuters) - the united nations security council is set to vote on saturday on a u.s.-drafted resolution that aims to slash by a third north korea’s $3 billion annual export revenue over pyongyang’s two intercontinental ballistic missile (icbm) tests in july.  a council diplomat
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives are pushing to hold consumer financial protection bureau director richard cordray in contempt of congress for refusing to respond sufficiently to congressional subpoenas. a report released on friday by republican staff of the house financial services committee argued there was “ample evidence” to hold cordray in contempt because of his alleged failure to fully comply with subpoena requests. republicans on the panel have been fiercely critical of the cfpb’s regulatory work. the report marked the most direct threat yet to pursue legal action against cordray
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department has officially informed the united nations it will withdraw from the paris climate agreement in a document issued on friday
 trump getting more time for decisions"
"chicago (reuters) - illinois fought on friday against a potential court order it contends could cost the state
 journalists"
"(reuters) - while one focus of the leak crackdown announced on friday by u.s. attorney general jeff sessions is on journalists who receive leaked information
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is considering reducing the annual $1 million mortgage deduction cap for u.s. homeowners as a part of its broader tax reform
"frankfurt (reuters) - airline lufthansa said on friday it had changed its flight routes to japan because of north korean missile tests. lufthansa group
"washington (reuters) - the interior department’s inspector general said it would investigate a reported threat by the agency’s head
 russian lawyer meeting: sources"
"washington (reuters) - when president donald trump scolded u.s. lawmakers on thursday for clamping down on moscow with new sanctions
 signaling china deal: diplomats"
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration moved on thursday to make permanent a new questionnaire that asks some u.s. visa applicants to provide their social media handles and detailed biographical and travel history
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate committee approved a bill on thursday that would cut off $300 million in annual u.s. aid to the palestinian authority unless it stops making what lawmakers described as payments that reward violent crimes. the senate foreign relations committee voted 17-4 for the measure
"washington (reuters) - republican and democratic senators introduced two pieces of legislation on thursday seeking to block president donald trump from firing the special counsel probing his ties to russia
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on friday it fully agreed with u.s. president donald trump who said in a twitter message that washington’s “relationship with russia is at an all-time and very dangerous low”. trump’s comments posted on thursday came one day after he grudgingly signed new sanctions against russia into law
 west virginia governor switches parties"
 toyota
 trump pressured mexico on border wall payment"
 russia"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday unanimously confirmed two nominees to serve on the federal communications commission as the trump administration looks to reverse many obama-era telecommunications regulations. brendan carr
 restoring its quorum"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday confirmed former congressman mark green as president donald trump’s choice to lead the u.s. agency for international development at a time the administration is proposing cuts in foreign aid and a reorganization of the agency. green was a republican u.s. representative from wisconsin from 1999 to 2007
"new york (reuters) - grand jury subpoenas have been issued in connection with a june 2016 meeting that included president donald trump’s son
"washington (reuters) - a five-week summer break might sound sweet to many people
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted on thursday to confirm two republicans and one democrat to serve on the commodity futures trading commission
 u.s.'s tillerson to meet august 6-8: russian foreign ministry"
"moscow (reuters) - accusations made by u.s. vice president mike pence that russia is working to divide the balkans from the west are destabilizing southern europe and expose washington’s cold war mentality
 trump jr. meeting  - sources"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday confirmed five of president donald trump’s u.s. treasury nominees
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. cities that refuse to step up efforts to focus on crimes committed by illegal immigrants will not be allowed to participate in a new crime reduction training program unveiled earlier this year by the justice department
"washington (reuters) - special counsel robert mueller has impaneled a grand jury in washington to investigate allegations of russia’s interference in the 2016 elections
"rockville
 australia"
"washington (reuters) - white house budget director mick mulvaney has disclosed that the entire trump administration is now on board with a “clean” debt ceiling increase
"(reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday passed a bill allowing the food and drug administration to continue collecting fees from drug companies to review new product applications. the fda reauthorization act renews an existing law that expires on sept. 30 and which provides the majority of fda funds used to review pharmaceuticals and determine whether they are safe and effective. the senate passed the bill by a vote of 94-1. it was passed last month in the house of representatives. separately
 frustrated by afghan war
"washington/new york (reuters) - after a crackdown on illegal immigration that has sharply reduced the number of unauthorized border crossings from mexico
 moscow calls it 'trade war'"
"nizhnebureisky
 hurt u.s. energy majors"
 democrats back trump on china trade probe"
"washington (reuters) - new white house chief of staff john kelly told attorney general jeff sessions last weekend that his job was safe after sessions endured several weeks of sharp public criticism from president donald trump
"ottawa (reuters) - the u.s. administration is putting its support behind a bill that would reduce the number of legal immigrants into the united states and prioritize high-skilled workers by setting up a merits-based system similar to those used by canada and australia. to bring in skilled workers
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers must deliver tax legislation to president donald trump’s desk before december or lose their chance to enact bold reforms capable of driving the u.s. economy
 says americans should leave"
"washington (reuters) - officials from president donald trump’s administration are willing to work with congress as it attempts to pass a new authorization for military operations against islamic state
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will press china and other asian countries to take tougher action against north korea when he attends regional meetings in manila starting this week
"washington (reuters) - democratic and republican u.s. governors on wednesday urged the trump administration
"(reuters) - former fbi director james comey
"brussels (reuters) - the european union’s chief executive on wednesday said the united states had taken into account some eu concerns over new sanctions on russia but brussels was ready to retaliate within days if the measures hurt eu economic interests. speaking after u.s. president donald trump signed the measures
"moscow (reuters) - russia may impose counter-measures on the united states after u.s. president donald trump signed into law a new round of economic sanctions on moscow
"moscow (reuters) - new sanctions on russia which u.s. president donald trump has signed into law are tantamount to a “full-scale trade war”
"(reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions unveiled on wednesday a plan to go after doctors and pharmacies suspected of healthcare fraud by over-prescribing and unbridled distribution of addictive pain medications known as opioids. in a speech at a columbus
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump may tap u.s. energy secretary rick perry to replace former homeland security secretary john kelly
"united nations (reuters) - new u.s. sanctions imposed on russia are inevitably harming bilateral relations but will not change russian policy
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi expressed concern on wednesday about republican president donald trump’s statement on the russia sanctions law
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday called the russia sanctions legislation he signed into law “significantly flawed” and urged congress to not use the measure to hinder u.s. efforts to resolve the ukraine conflict with its european allies. “while i favor tough measures to punish and deter aggressive and destabilizing behavior by iran
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is close to a decision on how to respond to what he considers china’s unfair trade practices
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
" (corrects this august 1st story to show tillerson did not say european countries would be reluctant to re-impose sanctions in 11th paragraph) by yeganeh torbati washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson acknowledged on tuesday that he and president donald trump disagree over the 2015 iran nuclear deal
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump grudgingly accepted new congressional sanctions on russia
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on wednesday it is hearing contradictory statements from the white house on new sanctions on russia that have been approved by the u.s. congress.  u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson’s has said he and president donald trump did not believe the new sanctions would “be helpful to our efforts” on diplomacy with russia. but the white house has also said trump intends to sign the sanctions into law. asked about tillerson’s comments
 official says"
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on tuesday allowed democratic state attorneys general to defend subsidy payments to insurance companies under the obamacare healthcare law
"washington (reuters) - eight u.s. senate democrats questioned on tuesday whether they could trust president donald trump’s nominee for the top job at the u.s. export-import bank to support renewing the trade lender’s charter in 2019 and to believe in its mission. scott garrett
"new york (reuters) - a former u.s. justice department official has become the latest lawyer to join special counsel robert mueller’s team investigating russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator lamar alexander on tuesday made the first move by a senior republican to work with democrats on repairing obamacare after his party failed to repeal and replace the healthcare law
"(reuters) - u.s. health insurer anthem inc is pulling back from 16 of 19 pricing regions in california where it offered obamacare options this year
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on tuesday confirmed former justice department lawyer christopher wray as fbi chief
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson last month tightened his control over the state department by taking back powers previously held by the top career foreign service officer
"washington (reuters) - democratic lawmakers pushed on tuesday for another chance to question wells fargo & co’s (wfc.n) leadership about sales practices after the scandal-hit bank said it forced auto insurance on borrowers who did not need it. democrats on the senate banking committee asked its republican leaders in a letter to summon wells fargo chairman stephen sanger and chief executive tim sloan. that letter accompanied one sent by representative maxine waters
 not in a text: committee warns u.s. house on campaigning"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump ousted recently hired white house communications chief anthony scaramucci on monday over an obscene tirade
"(reuters) - a few hours after president donald trump said there was no chaos in the white house
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump sent a twitter message bragging about corporate america’s high profits under his presidency on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - a leading senate democrat on tuesday accused u.s. attorney general jeff sessions of concealing policy recommendations that could change how the justice department enforces laws on illegal immigration
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on tuesday that u.s. president donald trump had a role in producing a statement in which his son denied that a meeting he had with a russian lawyer was related to the 2016 presidential campaign
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday said the debate over raising the country’s debt ceiling could stretch into september and he sought bipartisan support for the legislation to prevent a government default. “we are looking for a way forward” to pass a debt limit increase “sometime in the next month or so
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner on tuesday blocked hundreds of millions of new state dollars from going to cash-strapped chicago public schools (cps) by rewriting parts of a state school-funding overhaul bill
washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. senate health committee on tuesday urged u.s. president donald trump to drop his threat to cut government subsidy payments to insurers that make obamacare plans affordable and allow the payments through september. republican senator lamar alexander said his committee would begin bipartisan hearings on stabilizing the individual health insurance market the week of sept. 4 and urged fellow lawmakers to fund the cost-sharing subsidies for one year. 
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on tuesday it believes it is important for congress to raise the u.s. federal debt ceiling promptly. “to ensure that we have robust economic growth and promote fiscal discipline
 new jersey governors replace port authority leadership"
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico has set out its goals for an upcoming re-negotiation of the nafta trade accord
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. drug enforcement administration’s acting director criticized president donald trump for telling law enforcement officers not to be “too nice” to suspects
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat in the u.s. senate called on president donald trump on tuesday to block some chinese investments in the united states to pressure china “to help rein in north korea’s threatening and destabilizing behavior.” in a letter to trump
 thailand
 fake media"
"boston (reuters) - massachusetts governor charlie baker proposed a bill on tuesday to allow police and courts to hold people facing deportation orders in custody for extra time to allow them to be turned over to federal immigration officials. the move by the republican came a week after the state’s top court ruled that law enforcement does not have the legal authority to comply with u.s. immigration and customs enforcement detainer requests. the ice requests ask that people facing civil deportation orders be held in custody for up to 48 hours after the cases that brought them into the court system are determined. baker said the court’s decision overturned longstanding policy in the state. “for years
"tbilisi (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence said on tuesday that relations with russia would not improve until moscow changed its stance on ukraine and withdrew support for “regimes like iran and syria and north korea”. the u.s. congress voted last week for new sanctions on russia and
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump dictated a statement
"san francisco (reuters) - a bipartisan group of u.s. senators on tuesday plans to introduce legislation seeking to address vulnerabilities in computing devices embedded in everyday objects - known in the tech industry as the “internet of things” - which experts have long warned poses a threat to global cyber security.     the new bill would require vendors that provide internet-connected equipment to the u.s. government to ensure their products are patchable and conform to industry security standards. it would also prohibit vendors from supplying devices that have unchangeable passwords or possess known security vulnerabilities.  republicans cory gardner and steve daines and democrats mark warner and ron wyden are sponsoring the legislation
"moscow (reuters) - the u.s. embassy in moscow accused russian authorities on monday of barring diplomatic staff from a property on the outskirts of moscow
"(reuters) - four years ago
"new york (reuters) - connecticut lawmakers narrowly approved a new labor contract with public employees on monday that is expected to save the state at least $1.2 billion - largely through pension concessions - and could clear the way for lawmakers to agree on a past due budget. the total savings are combined over five years
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump took aim at insurers on monday in an escalating threat to cut the healthcare subsidy payments that make obamacare plans affordable
 insurance companies
"new york (reuters) - anthony scaramucci’s swift exit as u.s. president donald trump’s communications director on monday has no bearing on the pending sale of the firm he founded
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump felt anthony scaramucci
"grapevine
 senator rand paul says"
"chicago (reuters) - chicago will continue to shrink its structural budget deficit in 2017 and 2018
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. congressional committee on monday asked for input from google parent alphabet inc (googl.o)
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate finance committee chairman orrin hatch said on monday that senators for now are too divided to keep working on healthcare overhaul legislation and that he and other senior republicans will take that message to the white house. president donald trump has been urging lawmakers not to drop the matter
"washington (reuters) - congressional republicans and the trump administration face a challenge reducing the u.s. corporate income tax rate to 25 percent
"washington (reuters) - the wisconsin governor ordered the state legislature back into special session on tuesday to consider an incentive package that would award taiwanese electronics manufacturer foxconn $3 billion over 15 years in mostly cash incentives and waive several state environmental reviews.  foxconn said last week in a white house ceremony it plans to build a $10 billion lcd flat screen factory in southeast wisconsin. the company
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on monday that anthony scaramucci
"washington (reuters) - a new u.s. rule aimed at restoring consumers’ ability to band together to sue financial companies has survived its first challenge
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator john mccain said on monday he would offer a plan for a u.s. strategy in the war in afghanistan as an amendment to a defense authorization bill in september. “eight years of a ‘don’t lose’ strategy has cost us lives and treasure in afghanistan
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has decided to remove anthony scaramucci from his job as communications director
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is committed to overhauling the u.s. tax code before the end of 2017
"new york (reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie confronted a baseball fan who heckled him during a sunday night game in milwaukee
"washington (reuters) - republicans on sunday urged president donald trump’s new chief of staff john kelly to rein in the chaos within the white house on monday but said the retired marine corps general will be challenged to assert control. in his first six months in office
 in the baltics
"new york (reuters) - a majority of americans are ready to move on from healthcare reform at this point after the u.s. senate’s effort to dismantle obamacare failed on friday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump and members of his administration on sunday goaded republican senators to stick with trying to pass a healthcare bill
"washington (reuters) - an outside adviser to u.s. president donald trump called on sunday for the firing of consumer financial protection bureau director richard cordray. corey lewandowski
"washington (reuters) - u.s. health and human services secretary tom price said on sunday that it was his department’s job to follow the law on the affordable care act
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump threatened on saturday to end government payments to health insurers if congress does not pass a new healthcare bill and goaded them to not abandon their seven-year quest to replace the obamacare law. in a twitter message on saturday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump replaced his beleaguered white house chief of staff
 trump faces growing republican unease"
" new york (reuters) - a majority of americans believe that transgender individuals should be allowed to serve in the military
 moscow retaliates"
 sees cuts by year-end"
 russia's lavrov told tillerson: ministry"
 the honeymoon with putin may be finally over"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to sign a bill that imposes sanctions on russia
"washington (reuters) - the seven-year republican quest to scrap obamacare
"washington (reuters) - reince priebus
"washington (reuters) - the teamsters union on friday praised house lawmakers for keeping self-driving commercial trucks out of a proposed bill aimed at speeding deployment of the advanced technology for cars.  the u.s. house energy and committee on thursday unanimously approved a bill that would hasten the use of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking autonomous vehicles. the measure only applies to vehicles under 10
"mexico city (reuters) - a massive image of u.s. president donald trump as an alien intruder now towers above one of the busiest roads in mexico city urging motorists to “make america great again.” the gaudy billboard sports a caricature of trump with a blue and red fleshless face beneath his blond hair. it went up above the two-tier inner city ring road known as the periferico last week after failing to find takers in the united states. backed with an american flag
"new york (reuters) - with republican efforts to dismantle obamacare in disarray
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government on friday gave companies an extra year to comply with an obama-era regulation meant to crack down on corporations that try to minimize their u.s. tax bills by shifting profits abroad to countries with lower tax rates. the regulation
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on friday replaced his white house chief of staff
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. lawmakers said on friday they expected washington would announce more sanctions on venezuela if its government proceeds with an effort to elect a legislative body that critics call a plan to create a dictatorship. republican senator marco rubio
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator elizabeth warren called on federal reserve chair janet yellen to remove members of wells fargo & co’s board after revelations the company improperly charged customers for auto insurance. in a letter sent friday to yellen
"boston (reuters) - massachusetts governor charlie baker on friday signed a bill raising the tax on retail sales of recreational marijuana to 20 percent
"las vegas (reuters) - a u.s. congressional panel this week asked 22 government agencies to share documents on moscow-based cyber firm kaspersky lab
"brentwood
 once belittled by trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeals court ruled on friday that an arkansas law restricting the use of the so-called abortion pill could proceed
"(reuters) - transcanada corp
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative john delaney became the first democrat to formally enter the 2020 presidential campaign to challenge republican president donald trump - more than 1
 democrats to 'start fresh' on healthcare"
 republicans
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer said on friday he hoped congress had reached a turning point on efforts to repeal obamacare and it was time for the parties to work together to stabilize the insurance markets and fix the system’s weaknesses. schumer
"new york (reuters) - (in this july 27 story
 but 'we should not give up'"
" (in this july 27 story
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi urged republicans to establish a process to move forward on improvements to obamacare on friday after their healthcare reform effort failed in the senate. “we call upon the speaker to establish a process - we can go right to the committees - and have the discussion on how we keep america healthy
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. ambassador to moscow
" (note: strong language in paragraph 3) by steve holland washington (reuters) - open warfare erupted inside president donald trump’s inner circle as his new communications director
 u.s. admiral says ready for nuclear strike on china if trump so ordered"
 putting trump in corner"
"washington (reuters) - senate republicans released their “skinny bill” that would repeal some of obamacare late on thursday
"washington (reuters) - senate republicans passed a measure on thursday that would permanently repeal obamacare’s so-called cadillac tax on high-cost employer-provided insurance without a single democratic vote amid a broader debate to repeal the healthcare law.  the measure passed along party lines by a 52-48 vote. to become law
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans unveiled a so-called skinny obamacare repeal bill on thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan assured five republican senators on thursday that if a healthcare bill passes the senate
"(reuters) - kansas governor sam brownback on thursday shrugged off the political backlash and budget woes stirred by his aggressive tax-cutting policies at home as he looked forward to a new role as the trump administration’s chief defender of global religious tolerance. the two-term republican addressed both topics at a news conference in topeka a day after the white house announced that he would soon be nominated as u.s. ambassador at large for international religious freedom
 movies
"washington (reuters) - the rifts inside president donald trump’s white house were on startling display on thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers said on thursday that commerce secretary wilbur ross told them he will defer to president donald trump on the timing of a decision on new steel import curbs
"washington (reuters) - three republican u.s. senators warned thursday they would not vote for a slimmed-down obamacare repeal bill without guarantees that the house of representatives will go into negotiations with the senate on the measure. the senators - lindsey graham
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he is willing to go to a conference committee with the senate if it passes a pared-down version of obamacare repeal. ryan said the senate had made it clear that they did not want their “skinny repeal” bill
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s sudden decision to ban transgender  personnel from serving in the military has alarmed some senior military officers who were caught off guard by it. trump’s declaration
"washington (reuters) - a leading democratic lawmaker on thursday said he would ask federal officials to investigate reported threats by interior secretary ryan zinke regarding alaska energy policy to retaliate against opposition from one of the state’s republican senators to efforts to repeal obamacare. u.s. representative raul grijalva of arizona
"washington (reuters) - two prominent u.s. democratic senators are raising questions about president donald trump’s special adviser
"berlin (reuters) - europe must be prepared to respond in kind if the united states’ proposed new sanctions against russia end up hurting its companies
"moscow (reuters) - the association of european businesses (aeb) said on thursday it was strongly concerned that proposed new u.s. sanctions touched especially the interests of european companies and european countries in energy and other sectors related to russia. “we do not support the introduction of additional economic sanctions by the u.s. and we appeal to the u.s.
"savonlinna
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump warned the administration of george w. bush in 2004 that big u.s. bank mergers were “totally out of control” and should be stopped as they were forcing businesses to borrow money from foreigners
 gives trump border wall money"
"washington (reuters) - randal quarles
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will vote on legislation imposing new sanctions on russia
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions plans to announce soon several criminal investigations into intelligence leaks
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump further stoked speculation about the fate of his attorney general
 focus on corporate rate cuts"
"washington (reuters) - the chief of staff of the u.s. army
 drugmakers"
"new york (reuters) - the head of the boy scouts of america apologized to members of the youth organization on thursday for the “political rhetoric that was inserted” into its national gathering this week by u.s. president donald trump. “i want to extend my sincere apologies to those in our scouting family who were offended by the political rhetoric that was inserted into the jamboree
 russia
"seattle (reuters) - republican u.s. president donald trump’s efforts to renegotiate or scrap longstanding global trade deals are not protectionist and are more focused on winning better terms for american businesses
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday a lot of progress was being made on tax reform after the “big six” republican tax negotiators made up of administration officials and congressional leaders issued a statement on preparations for a tax reform bill. “we’re making a lot of progress on this front
"washington (reuters) - a top adviser on middle east issues to u.s. president donald trump left the national security council on thursday as the white house grapples with internal divisions as well as major policy issues involving syria
"washington (reuters) - an influential u.s. house committee on thursday approved a revised bipartisan bill on a 54-0 vote that would speed the deployment of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking autonomous vehicles. the bill would allow automakers to obtain exemptions to deploy up to 25
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on thursday the trump administration may seek a provision to deter currency manipulation in the north american free trade agreement as part of its planning for future free trade deals. mnuchin
"washington (reuters) - three of president donald trump’s nominees to serve as commissioners on wall street’s top derivatives regulatory agency on thursday pledged to work to complete rules that would restrict trading by market speculators who bet on the rise and fall of prices. the nominees to the commodity futures trading commission
"(reuters) - a california deputy attorney general has been charged with possessing child pornography at his san diego county home following a months-long investigation
 republican senators
"washington/moscow/brussels (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers reached an agreement on wednesday paving the way for the u.s. senate to pass a bill as soon as this week to impose new sanctions on russia and bar president donald trump from easing sanctions on moscow without congress’ approval. earlier on wednesday
"moscow (reuters) - russia risks being saddled with u.s. sanctions for decades
 reversing obama"
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senate leaders
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate republican kansas governor sam brownback as ambassador at large for international religious freedom
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers reached an agreement on wednesday that paves the way for the u.s. senate to pass a bill as soon as this week to impose new sanctions on russia
"washington (reuters) - congressional republicans are ramping up discussions on overhauling the u.s. tax code that a prominent republican anti-tax advocate said on wednesday will produce a bill by september with a hefty corporate tax cut. grover norquist
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on wednesday that he was “not going anywhere
"washington (reuters) - u.s. officials are discussing whether to withhold a portion of u.s. assistance to egypt to protest egyptian passage of a law that imposes restrictions on non-governmental organizations
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump’s announcement on wednesday on banning transgender people from serving in the u.s. military unleashed a storm of legal threats from advocates who say they are seeking plaintiffs who want to file suit. trump’s surprise tweets did not make clear when a ban reversing former president barack obama’s policy would go into effect
 veterans shaken by trump's ban on their service"
"boston (reuters) - a ruling by massachusetts’ top court could influence other state courts to rule that police cannot detain illegal immigrants solely to give federal authorities time to take them into custody
"philadelphia (reuters) - the mayor of allentown
"washington (reuters) - u.s. banking rules must protect the financial system but they need “some refinement
 iran sanctions vote"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. congressman steve scalise
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin urged congress on wednesday to raise the federal debt limit before lawmakers start  their august recess
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s decision to ban transgender individuals from serving in the u.s. armed forces was a military decision
"youngstown
"washington (reuters) - the white house domestic policy council (dpc) is taking the lead on a decision about how many refugees to admit to the united states next year
 with dramatic return by mccain"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate armed forces committee chairman john mccain on wednesday said president donald trump’s announcement barring transgender individuals from the u.s. military was “unclear” and inappropriate given an ongoing pentagon study on the issue. “i do not believe that any new policy decision is appropriate until that study is complete and thoroughly reviewed by the secretary of defense
 a struggle for the soul of the democratic party is playing out"
" (this version of the july 25 story corrects paragraph 11 to show that bill calls for banning chlorpyrifos and reviewing other similar pesticides
 says 'social policy'"
"brussels (reuters) - the european union warned on wednesday that it was ready to act within days to counter proposed new u.s. sanctions on russia
 russia look illegal"
"moscow (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives overwhelmingly voted to impose new sanctions on moscow
"moscow (reuters) - russia warned on wednesday that new u.s. sanctions against moscow approved by the house of representatives take already battered ties into uncharted waters and said it was close to taking retaliatory measures of its own. russia was responding after the u.s. house of representatives overwhelmingly voted to impose new sanctions on moscow and to force president donald trump to obtain lawmakers’ permission before easing any sanctions on russia. moscow had initially hoped that trump would work to repair a relationship which has slumped to a post-cold war low
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon on wednesday said it would provide revised guidance to the u.s. military “in the near future” after president donald trump announced a ban on transgender individuals from serving in the u.s. military. “we will continue to work closely with the white house to address the new guidance provided by the commander-in-chief on transgender individuals serving the military
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s decision to ban transgender individuals from the u.s. military amounts to a “shocking and ignorant attack on our military and on transgender troops
 transgender individuals"
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee said on wednesday his panel was likely to strip out language imposing sanctions against north korea from legislation that contains sanctions against russia and iran. republican senator bob corker told the washington post in an interview that doing so would ensure the measure could pass. corker said the bill was likely to become law “very
"washington (reuters) - top republican lawmakers rallied to the defense of jeff sessions on tuesday as allies of the attorney general said president donald trump appeared to be trying to pressure him to quit by repeatedly criticizing him on twitter and in interviews. trump said again he was frustrated that sessions had recused himself from the federal investigation into possible collusion between trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and russia and said he would not have appointed him had he known he would do so. he stopped short of saying whether he would fire him. two allies of sessions told reuters that trump’s public attacks went beyond a president simply venting his frustration but were part of a deliberate campaign to encourage the attorney general to step down. they said trump was likely reluctant to fire sessions after his sacking of fbi director james comey backfired and led to the appointment of an independent special counsel
 may restructure communications: scaramucci"
"berlin (reuters) - plans under consideration in the u.s. congress to impose tougher sanctions against russia would hurt german companies
 eu more than russia: ifx"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. energy secretary rick perry optimistically discussed expanding american coal exports to ukraine and other energy matters during a lengthy phone call this month with a russian prankster who perry thought was ukraine’s prime minister. perry actually was talking with comedians known in russia for targeting celebrities and politicians with audacious stunts
"new york (reuters) - a federal judge on tuesday dismissed a lawsuit by energy companies and trade groups to stop new york governor andrew cuomo from providing billions of dollars in subsidies to prop up struggling nuclear power plants in the state. u.s. district judge valerie caproni in manhattan rejected claims that federal law preempted new york and its public service commission from offering credits to promote clean energy and reduce reliance on fossil-fueled or gas plants. the plaintiffs said the credits could boost electric bills for new york’s “captive ratepayers” by $7.6 billion over 12 years
"brussels (reuters) - european commission president jean-claude juncker said on wednesday the european union was ready to act “within a matter of days” if proposed new u.s. sanctions on russia undermined the bloc’s energy security. the u.s. house of representatives voted overwhelmingly on tuesday to slap new sanctions on russia
"berlin (reuters) - germany warned on wednesday it would be unacceptable for the united states to use possible sanctions against russia as a tool of industrial policy and called for close coordination of proposed sanctions between europe and washington. u.s. lawmakers on tuesday voted overwhelmingly in favor of slapping extra sanctions on north korea and russia
 defying trump"
"moscow (reuters) - russia said it had repeatedly warned the united states it would retaliate against what it saw as hostile moves and was growing tired of showing restraint
"moscow (reuters) - cooperation between russia and the united states in fighting terrorism will be complicated if possible at all due to a draft u.s. sanctions bill targeting moscow
"moscow (reuters) - russia should prepare a “painful” response to new u.s. sanctions to be imposed on moscow
"san francisco (reuters) - the trump administration’s refusal to publicly accuse russia and others in a wave of politically motivated hacking attacks is creating a policy vacuum that security experts fear will encourage more cyber warfare. in the past three months
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. trade negotiator said late on tuesday that president donald trump is determined to challenge china’s use of unfair subsidies and “non-economic” industrial policy to build up export industries that are costing american jobs. u.s. trade representative robert lighthizer
 mccain blasts congress
"austin
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on tuesday he would be surprised if iran is in compliance with a nuclear deal when recertification comes up again in three months
"washington (reuters) - paul manafort
"washington (reuters) - the white house said it was reviewing a bill passed on tuesday by the u.s. house of representatives imposing new sanctions on russia
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator susan collins on tuesday was recorded making critical comments about the trump administration’s understanding of the legislative process during a senate subcommittee hearing. collins discussed republican president donald trump and the federal budget with democratic senator jack reed at the end of a transportation
"(reuters) - president donald trump could trigger a political and legal backlash if he escalates his attacks on attorney general jeff sessions into an attempted purge of u.s. law enforcement officials
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate panel has rescinded a subpoena that would have forced paul manafort
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on tuesday voted overwhelmingly to erase a new rule that lets bank and credit-card customers band together in lawsuits
washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions on tuesday released a memo restricting justice department grants from going to so-called sanctuary cities that do not cooperate with federal immigration agents.  the announcement came as sessions is beset by criticism from president donald trump. conservatives who are proponents of sessions’ hardline immigration policies have defended him.  
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump named on tuesday two possible candidates to run the federal reserve over the next few years: current fed chair janet yellen and trump’s economic adviser gary cohn
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives voted overwhelmingly on tuesday to slap new sanctions on russia
"los angeles (reuters) - california governor jerry brown signed into law on tuesday a package of bills intended to use market forces to cut greenhouse gas emissions
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer said democrats will not block efforts by republicans to vote on tuesday night on amendments to a bill to repeal and replace obamacare. “we’ll have to see what they propose
 facebook
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on tuesday he was disappointed in attorney general jeff sessions but he declined to say if he would fire him
 assails intel leaks"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday he hoped to finish work on a bill to repeal and replace obamacare by the end of this week. “this is just the beginning
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on tuesday voted to begin formal debate of healthcare legislation that would repeal major elements of obamacare and possibly replace it with a less costly program. by a vote of 51-50
"(reuters) - the trump administration on tuesday pushed forward with its bid to undo an obama administration rule to extend mandatory overtime pay to 4.2 million workers and said it was considering treating workers differently based on location and industry. the rule
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house republicans on tuesday shot down a legislative effort by democrats to obtain treasury department documents that could show any ties between the finances of president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - jared kushner
 without evidence
 obamacare
"(reuters) - u.s. senate republicans were expected to vote on tuesday for opening debate on a healthcare bill without knowing what is in it
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate panel has issued a subpoena to force paul manafort
"washington (reuters) - former trump campaign manager paul manafort met with senate intelligence committee staff on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives is expected to vote overwhelmingly on tuesday for a bill that would slap new sanctions on russia
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat in the u.s. senate warned president donald trump on tuesday against any attempt to bypass congress to appoint a new attorney general and undermine special counsel robert mueller’s ongoing probe into alleged russian meddling in the u.s. election.  “many americans must be wondering if the president is trying to pry open the office of attorney general to appoint someone during the august recess who will fire special counsel mueller and shut down the russia investigation
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday he will schedule a vote on whether to open debate on a healthcare overhaul in a “couple of hours.” “today’s vote to begin debate is the first step
"washington (reuters) - republican senator rand paul said on tuesday he would vote to open debate on a healthcare overhaul to supplant the affordable care act after the senate majority leader
"kiev (reuters) - the ukrainian embassy in washington denied on tuesday accusations from u.s. president donald trump that ukraine had attempted to sabotage his campaign during the 2016 u.s. presidential race. “we stand by our words that the government of ukraine didn’t help any candidate in (the) election. ukraine is proud of bipartisan support in the u.s.
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s call for attorney general jeff sessions to investigate former democratic rival hillary clinton is “highly inappropriate” and threatens to erode the separation between law and politics
 says eu 'protectionist'"
"glen jean
"aboard air force one (reuters) - president donald trump will examine whether a bill toughening sanctions on russia is offering the “best deal” for the american people
"washington (reuters) - long-delayed legislation to impose new sanctions on russia hit another snag on monday when the influential republican chairman of the senate foreign relations committee said the announcement of a deal to move the bill forward was premature. “we still have a little work to do
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump exhorted every republican to vote yes on a healthcare overhaul when it comes before the senate this week
"moscow (reuters) - a senior russian banker who met president donald trump’s son-in-law
"moscow (reuters) - any u.s. decision to supply ukraine with lethal weapons would set back peace efforts and escalate tensions
"washington (reuters) - frustration is mounting among leading foreign policy officials in president donald trump’s administration as they chafe at some policy and bureaucratic defeats and complain they lack independence to do their jobs
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democrats unveiled an economic platform on monday that included plans to address unfair market competition
400 iraqi nationals"
 hopes set on fledgling air force"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump made a last-ditch plea to u.s. senate republicans on monday to “do the right thing” and fulfill seven years of campaign promises to repeal and replace former president barack obama’s signature healthcare law. the senate will vote on tuesday on whether to open debate on an overhaul of the law
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator john mccain
 denies collusion"
"washington (reuters) - senator john cornyn
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s commission investigating voter fraud may request voter roll data from u.s. states
 not trump"
"washington (reuters) - conservative republicans in the u.s. house of representatives are seeking to add an amendment this week to spending legislation that would slash the number of staff at the nonpartisan congressional budget office. the budget research office
"washington (reuters) - a democratic member of the u.s. house of representatives proposed legislation on monday to bar the u.s. government from renting rooms at president donald trump’s hotels for official business. “donald trump should not be allowed to line his or his family’s pockets with taxpayer dollars
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will vote tuesday on whether to open debate on a healthcare bill
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump urged senate republicans on monday to move ahead this week on a bid to repeal his predecessor’s signature healthcare law
 pension costs create budget complications for u.s. states: report"
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner on monday called for a special legislative session starting on wednesday to secure a school funding system before classes start next month. the republican governor set a july 31 deadline for enacting a new funding formula without extra money for chicago public schools (cps) teacher pensions that was included in a bill passed by the democratic-controlled legislature in late may. “we must act now
"(reuters) - the head of the u.s. environmental protection agency
"boston (reuters) - massachusetts police do not have the authority to detain illegal immigrants solely to buy time for federal law enforcement officials to take them into custody
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s middle east envoy
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser jared kushner on monday gave details in a statement made public before his closed-door meeting with the u.s. senate intelligence committee about his contacts with russians during the 2016 election campaign and the presidential transition period. the following are some of the main points in the statement: - kushner said he became a “point of contact” for foreign countries once it was clear that trump would be the republican presidential nominee. kushner said he had “incoming contacts” with people from roughly 15 countries. “to put these requests in context
"washington (reuters) - i am voluntarily providing this statement
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser jared kushner will make a statement from the white house after appearing before the senate intelligence committee about his contacts with russia
"brussels (reuters) - germany is urging the european union to add up to four more russian nationals and companies to the bloc’s sanctions blacklist over siemens (siegn.de) gas turbines delivered to moscow-annexed crimea
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on sunday that u.s. president donald trump was open to signing legislation toughening sanctions on russia after senate and house leaders reached agreement on a bill late last week. congressional democrats said on saturday they had agreed with republicans on a deal allowing new sanctions targeting russia
"moscow (reuters) - proposed new u.s. sanctions against russia look like an attempt to squeeze moscow out of the european energy market
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on monday it was worried that proposed new u.s. sanctions against moscow could hurt major investment projects with european partners
"brussels (reuters) - european commission preparations to retaliate against proposed new u.s. sanctions on russia that could affect european firms are likely to face resistance within a bloc divided on how to deal with moscow
"brussels (reuters) - the european commission is concerned about new u.s. sanctions on russia that could impact europe’s energy security and has activated “all diplomatic channels” to resolve the issue. u.s. republicans and democrats reached a deal on legislation to allow new sanctions against russia
 adam schiff
 in statement
"washington (reuters) - the president’s oldest son
"washington (reuters) - republican senate leaders aim to hold a procedural vote as early as tuesday to take up legislation to repeal or replace obamacare
"washington (reuters) - anthony scaramucci
"kiev (reuters) - russian aggression is to blame for violence in eastern ukraine
 at heart of u.s. investigations
"aspen
 creating limits for trump"
 urges u.s. to coordinate on russia sanctions"
"norfolk
"washington (reuters) - u.s. investigators examining money laundering accusations against president donald trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort hope to push him to cooperate with their probe into possible collusion between trump’s campaign and russia
"washington (reuters) - if president donald trump
"new york (reuters) - anthony scaramucci
"washington (reuters) - white house press secretary sean spicer resigned on friday
"washington (reuters) - sean spicer burst onto the public stage six months ago with a scolding rant against reporters
 scaramucci to be communications chief: trump statement"
"aspen
 russian meeting documents"
"washington (reuters) - special counsel robert mueller asked the white house to save all documents related to a meeting last year between donald trump jr and a russian lawyer he was told had damaging information on his father’s presidential rival
 manafort agree to negotiate over interviews by senate panel"
washington (reuters) - the u.s. house intelligence committee said on friday it will interview white house adviser jared kushner on tuesday as part of its investigation into allegations that russia meddled in the 2016 u.s. election. 
"(reuters) - republicans in the u.s. senate were dealt another blow in their effort to repeal obamacare on friday when the keeper of the senate’s rules said certain provisions in their healthcare bill
"washington (reuters) - russia’s ambassador to washington was overheard by u.s. spy agencies telling his bosses that he had discussed campaign-related matters
"moscow (reuters) - the russian lawyer who met donald trump jr. after his father won the republican nomination for the 2016 u.s. presidential election counted russia’s fsb security service among her clients for years
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump signed an executive order on friday initiating a government-wide review of the u.s. defense industry and suggest changes to strengthen it. the review is intended to identify and address potential weak points in the defense manufacturing base including  companies that could go out of business and leave gaps in the supply chain for u.s. weapons systems
"washington (reuters) - the co-founder of the firm that commissioned a dossier on donald trump during the presidential campaign last year is on vacation and will not testify at a senate judiciary committee hearing on the russia probe next week
"washington (reuters) - a group of democrats in congress urged the u.s. department of justice and federal trade commission in a letter this week to conduct a more in-depth review of online retailer amazon.com inc’s plan to buy grocer whole foods market inc.  the lawmakers asked that the review include consideration of what effect the $13.7 billion deal could have on access to healthy foods in so-called food deserts where residents may have limited access to fresh groceries.  “while we do not oppose the merger at this time
"winston-salem
 executives tell texas senate to ditch bathroom bill"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump picked wall street financier anthony scaramucci
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s outside legal team spokesman has resigned amid media reports the team is being reorganized as investigations continue into alleged russian meddling in the u.s. election and possible collusion with trump’s campaign.  mark corallo confirmed his departure on friday in an emailed statement. his resignation comes amid reports regarding the role of marc kasowitz
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday announced a $500 million investment that corning inc is making with pharmaceutical giants merck and pfizer to manufacture a new kind of glass for injectable drug vials. at a white house event
 trump critic"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is considering appointing wall street financier anthony scaramucci
"washington/phoenix
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has picked former u.n. spokesman richard grenell as u.s. ambassador to germany
"(reuters) - a u.s. judge on thursday refused to revisit a court order that blocks president donald trump’s administration from carrying out a policy designed to threaten the granting of federal funds to so-called sanctuary cities. u.s. district judge william orrick iii in san francisco ruled that a recent memo from the justice department that appeared to narrow the scope of trump’s executive order on sanctuary cities did not remove the need for a court-ordered injunction. orrick wrote that the memo is not binding and the attorney general can revoke it at any time.  a justice department spokeswoman could not immediately be reached for comment. trump issued the order in january
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions on thursday brushed off sharp criticism from president donald trump over his recusal from the justice department’s russia investigation
 most experimental
 does not mention border tax"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans
"washington (reuters) - the white house said thursday it had withdrawn or removed from active consideration more than 800 proposed regulations that were never finalized during the obama administration as it works to shrink the federal government’s regulatory footprint. in a report
 trump has confidence in sessions: white house"
"moscow/london/washington (reuters) - moscow and washington are in talks to create a joint cyber security working group
"detroit (reuters) - the list of priorities u.s. trade representative robert lighthizer released this week for the renegotiation of nafta with mexico and canada is reasonable and in line with what the trump administration has promised to focus on
"aspen
"washington (reuters) - the republican-led u.s. senate finance committee unanimously on thursday approved president donald trump’s pick for the treasury department’s top tax policy job
"washington (reuters) - republicans struggling to agree on healthcare legislation to overhaul obamacare obeyed u.s. president donald trump’s orders to try to swiftly reach a deal but were unable to resolve their differences in a long
"washington (reuters) - the latest version of senate republicans’ legislation to repeal and replace the affordable care act would leave 22 million americans without health insurance coverage by 2026
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate judiciary committee on thursday unanimously approved the nomination of christopher wray to be fbi director following the dismissal of the agency’s former chief
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he would not have appointed jeff sessions as attorney general if he had known sessions would recuse himself from the russia investigation
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator bob corker on thursday said he backed repealing the affordable care act
 china fail to agree on trade issues
"washington (reuters) - dining on rib-eye steak and peach cobbler with a group of senators
 close associates to appear before senate"
 healthcare bill
"beijing (reuters) - china said on thursday that it and the united states acknowledged “significant progress” on a 100-day action plan for trade and discussed a one-year plan on economic cooperation. the chinese embassy in washington made the comments in a statement after an annual economic dialogue ended there on wednesday with canceled news conferences. the talks failed to agree on major new steps to reduce the u.s. trade deficit with china
"washington (reuters) - the republican-led u.s. house of representatives took a new step toward tax reform legislation on wednesday by approving a fiscal 2018 budget resolution that would allow the senate to pass a sweeping tax code overhaul without democratic support. the house budget committee voted 22-14 along party lines to send the measure to the floor of the house for consideration by the full chamber
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration on wednesday touted its effort to roll back federal regulations by targeting a range of government rules ranging from a “paperwork burden on outdoor enthusiasts” to plans to regulate oil and gas development on indian reservations. the white house office of management and budget plans to release a fuller update about its de-regulation plans on thursday. in a preview released on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate a raytheon co (rtn.n) lobbyist
"washington (reuters) - republicans will consider using planned tax reform to eliminate one of the biggest taxes in obamacare
 china disagreed on how to reduce u.s. trade deficit: official"
"washington (reuters) - china acknowledged a shared goal of reducing the trade deficit with the united states during day-long talks
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court rejected on wednesday a bid by president donald trump to include grandparents and other relatives of americans in his travel ban on people from six muslim-majority countries. but in a partial win for trump
"washington (reuters) - an aggressive corporate lobbying effort to derail a republican-backed border tax has forced lawmakers working on tax reform to seek alternatives
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has declined an invitation to address the annual convention of the national association for the advancement of colored people
"san francisco (reuters) - shares of steel makers rallied on wednesday after a rocky start to u.s.-china economic talks raised expectations that president donald trump would impose tariffs on steel imports. the s&p 1500 steel index .spcomsteel jumped 2.3 percent to its highest level since early may. u.s. steel (x.n) rose 4.9 percent
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump pressed his unproven claims of voter fraud on wednesday at the first meeting of a commission he created to study the issue
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump
 putin had previously undisclosed visit at g20 dinner"
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee said on wednesday it was “deeply troubling” that president donald trump met with russian president vladimir putin in germany this month for talks not attended by any u.s. national security officials. “these two isolated leaders on the world stage making common cause in a way that is not been witnessed by any of our national security officials ... that’s deeply troubling
"(reuters) - minnesota governor mark dayton’s may 30 veto of funding for the state legislature was unconstitutional
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house panel on wednesday approved a sweeping proposal by voice vote to allow automakers to deploy up to 100
 replacing obamacare"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on wednesday the senate will vote on a motion next week to move ahead with a bill to repeal and or replace obamacare that could easily be amended. “i think we have two options here
 asia trade moves"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump urged republican senators on wednesday to work out their differences and pass healthcare legislation before leaving washington for their august recess. a day after the latest version of legislation to replace obamacare fell victim to squabbling among republicans who control the senate
"new york (reuters) - democratic senator bob menendez of new jersey has asked a federal judge to throw out his indictment for corruption
"moscow (reuters) - the russian lawyer who met donald trump jr. after his father won the republican nomination for the 2016 u.s. presidential election has said she is ready to testify to the u.s. congress to dispel what she called “mass hysteria” about the encounter.  president donald trump’s eldest son eagerly agreed in june 2016 to meet natalia veselnitskaya
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives will start drafting legislation to overhaul the nation’s tax code after lawmakers’ upcoming summer recess
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress could act within weeks to kill a new rule that bars financial companies from blocking consumers who wish to file class-action lawsuits
"washington (reuters) - advocacy groups launched petitions and sent letters on wednesday urging two of the biggest u.s. public pension funds to divest from an investment fund unless it stops paying one of president donald trump’s companies to run a new york hotel. reuters reported on april 26 that public pension funds in at least seven u.s. states periodically send millions of dollars to an investment fund that owns the upscale trump soho hotel and condominium in new york city and pays a trump company to run it
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will nominate jon huntsman
"washington (reuters) - republican efforts to overhaul or repeal obamacare collapsed in the u.s. senate on tuesday
 manafort can testify publicly in senate: feinstein"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate former senate republican aide hester maria peirce to be a member of the securities and exchange commission
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is looking for ways to defend american-made products by certifying legitimate u.s. goods and aggressively going after imported products unfairly sporting the “made in america” label
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has invited all republican senators to discuss healthcare over lunch at the white house on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday the senate will vote early next week on a motion that would pave the way for a vote on a bill to repeal obamacare without a replacement plan. mcconnell’s decision to hold a vote comes despite opposition from at least four republicans
 insurers start to press on subsidies"
"washington (reuters) - the leaders of the u.s. senate intelligence committee said on tuesday that wanted to interview president donald trump’s son
"washington (reuters) - facebook inc (fb.o)
 republicans face similar divisions on tax reform"
"washington (reuters) - for seven years
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate finance committee chairman orrin hatch warned on tuesday of dire consequences if congress fails to repeal obamacare
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator lamar alexander
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on tuesday said he is disappointed that the latest republican effort to repeal and replace obamacare in the senate failed. “i think we’re probably in that position where we’ll just let obamacare fail
"washington (reuters) - a third republican u.s. senator on tuesday said she could not back any legislation to repeal obamacare without a replacement plan
"los angeles (reuters) - california’s legislature passed a package of bills that extends the state’s signature plan to address climate change by a decade
"washington (reuters) - republican senators susan collins and shelley moore capito said on tuesday they will not vote to repeal obamacare without a replacement healthcare plan. the senators spoke out shortly after senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said senate republicans planned to vote on a straight repeal of president barack obama’s 2010 affordable care act after efforts to overhaul the law collapsed on monday.  “my position on this issue is driven by its impact on west virginians. with that in mind
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on tuesday called on the senate to pass some kind of healthcare overhaul bill so lawmakers can move forward to repeal and replace obamacare
"(reuters) - former u.s. house of representative speaker dennis hastert has been released from prison in minnesota and moved to a chicago halfway house after serving a 13-month sentence for a financial crime tied to sex abuse
 after senate bill collapses
"monterey
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house subcommittee will vote on wednesday on a sweeping proposal to allow automakers to deploy up to 100
"washington (reuters) - the united states on monday launched the first salvo in the renegotiation of the 23-year-old north american free trade agreement (nafta)
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on monday urged republicans in congress to repeal obamacare and work on a healthcare plan that he said would draw democratic support. in a tweet following the loss of support for a senate republican bill
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration on monday declared that iran was complying with its nuclear agreement with world powers
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. trade representative’s office said on monday it is seeking a provision to deter currency manipulation as part of its renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement
"ottawa (reuters) - canada sees few surprises on the u.s.’ list of goals for renegotiating nafta
 eyes stronger north america"
"washington (reuters) - republican senators jerry moran and mike lee announced their opposition on monday to a revised republican healthcare bill
 internet providers clash over u.s. net neutrality rules"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will delay its consideration of healthcare legislation while arizona republican senator john mccain recuperates from surgery
 grandpas from travel ban states now welcome: u.s. cable"
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. federal appeals court on monday upheld nondisclosure rules that allow the fbi to secretly issue surveillance orders for customer data to communications firms
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump campaigned on cutting the u.s. corporate tax rate to 15 percent
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner said on monday he intends to block money earmarked for chicago public schools’ (cps) teacher pensions under recent legislation because he feels it is too much of a “bailout” for a badly managed system. the bill
 includes currency provision"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump promised on monday he would take more legal and regulatory steps during the next six months to protect american manufacturers
"austin
"(reuters) - a threatening note was left over the weekend at the las vegas office of a republican u.s. senator from nevada who may cast a decisive vote over a healthcare bill aimed at dismantling obamacare
"(reuters) - new york state attorney general eric schneiderman intends to sue the federal government if republican lawmakers pass proposed legislation to overhaul the u.s. healthcare system
"washington (reuters) - forty former u.s. diplomats and national security officials urged secretary of state rex tillerson not to eliminate the state department office that handles refugees in a letter seen by reuters on monday. the letter argued that a trump administration proposal to transfer the responsibilities of the bureau of population
"los angeles (reuters) - caitlyn jenner has joined the list of celebrities who are considering running for political office in the united states following the election of former reality television star donald trump as president. jenner
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. secret service on sunday denied a suggestion from president donald trump’s personal lawyer that it had vetted a meeting between the president’s son and russian nationals during the 2016 campaign. donald trump jr. has acknowledged that he met in new york with russian lawyer natalia veselnitskaya after he was told she might have damaging information about his father’s rival
"washington (reuters) - eight to 10 republican u.s. senators have serious concerns about republican healthcare legislation to roll back obamacare
000 in june"
"sydney/washington (reuters) - u.s. officials interviewing refugees held in an australian-run offshore detention center left the facility abruptly
"winnipeg
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump announced in a statement on saturday that veteran washington lawyer ty cobb will serve as special counsel
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court has asked the state of hawaii to respond by tuesday at noon to president donald trump’s motion to block a judge’s ruling that prevented his travel ban from being applied to grandparents of u.s. citizens and refugees already being processed by resettlement agencies
 russian lawyer: nbc news"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump turned up the heat on friday on fellow republicans in the u.s. senate to pass a bill dismantling the obamacare law
"washington (reuters) - two major u.s. health insurance groups on friday called on senate republican leader mitch mcconnell to drop from a healthcare bill a provision proposed by senator ted cruz that allows insurers to offer stripped-down
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department on friday asked the supreme court to block a judge’s ruling that prevented president donald trump’s travel ban from being applied to grandparents of u.s. citizens and refugees already being processed by resettlement agencies. in a court filing
" washington (reuters) - with talks to renegotiate the nafta trade pact just weeks away
"washington (reuters) - michael caputo
"washington (reuters) - some provisions of the trans-pacific partnership president donald trump quit as part of his pledge to protect american workers from “bad trade deals” may still serve to shape a revised nafta trade pact
"providence
 trudeau discuss u.s.-canada trade disagreements"
"new york (reuters) - the white house is hiring ty cobb
"washington (reuters) - a bill that many lawmakers hoped would send a message to president donald trump to keep a strong line against russia hit a new snag in the u.s. house of representatives on friday
mexico city (reuters) - mexican finance minister jose antonio meade said on friday that upcoming talks with the united states and canada to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement (nafta) are a major source of uncertainty for the economy. meade made the comment during a radio interview. 
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department on friday asked the supreme court to block a judge’s ruling that prevented president donald trump’s travel ban from being applied to grandparents of u.s. citizens and refugees already being processed by resettlement agencies. in a court filing
 trump and russia"
"(reuters) - eugene kaspersky
"washington (reuters) - senate republicans pushing to overhaul obamacare largely ignored key players in the debate over insuring the poor: the health insurers and hospitals charged with carrying out the law if it gets approved. instead
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives passed its version of a massive annual defense bill on friday
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on friday that he hoped for further dialogue with his u.s. counterpart donald trump after their meeting in hamburg earlier this month on the fringes of the g20 summit. “if the dialogue were to go on
"washington (reuters) - top house democrat nancy pelosi called on thursday for the creation of an outside
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican industry is exploring revising trade rules to ensure u.s. workers benefit from a renegotiated north american free trade agreement (nafta) to address head-on u.s. president donald trump’s biggest beef with the treaty. with talks due to start next month between the united states
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s effort to reshape influential u.s. courts by stocking them with conservative judges faces at least one significant impediment: some of the courts best placed to thwart his agenda have liberal majorities that are likely to stay in place in the short-term. those courts
 responsible with power"
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s temporary ban on travelers from six muslim-majority countries cannot stop grandparents and other relatives of united states citizens from entering the country
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department will require all nations to provide extensive data to help it vet visa applicants and determine whether a traveler poses a terrorist threat
"washington (reuters) - u.s. congressional negotiators are making progress on resolving a dispute that has stalled a bill to impose new sanctions on russia
 tariffs on chinese steel dumping"
"washington (reuters) - senate republican leaders released on thursday a revised plan to dismantle the obamacare law
"washington (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross said on thursday he will present to president donald trump a range of options to restrict  steel imports on national security grounds
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate attorney kevin mcintyre to be chairman of the federal energy regulatory commission
"winnipeg
"washington (reuters) - after an internet-fueled furor over rules barring women in sleeveless attire
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on thursday urged president donald trump’s eldest son to testify to a congressional committee about alleged links between trump’s team and russia in the 2016 presidential election campaign. “i think any witness who’s been asked to testify in congress should do that
"paris (reuters) - president donald trump said the wall he wants to build on the 2
"washington (reuters) - michael caputo
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions on thursday released a government form dealing with contacts he has had with foreign nationals
"washington (reuters) - the white house plan to cut transportation spending
 in fair condition: hospital"
 keep taxes on wealthy"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he did not fault his son donald trump jr. for meeting with a russian lawyer during the 2016 presidential election campaign and that he was unaware of the meeting until a few days ago. asked if he knew that his son was meeting with lawyer natalia veselnitskaya in june last year
"washington (reuters) - here are highlights of the reuters oval office interview with u.s. president donald trump on wednesday. on whether he was aware his son donald trump jr. was meeting with a russian lawyer “no. that i didn’t know. until a couple of days ago
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. agency that could bring civil charges against donald trump
 trump jr.
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate confirmed private equity executive william hagerty on thursday as president donald trump’s ambassador to japan
"paris (reuters) - president donald trump held the door open to a reversal of his decision to pull the united states out of the paris climate accord on thursday
"washington (reuters) - government watchdogs filed a complaint against donald trump jr.
"superior
"washington (reuters) - senate judiciary committee chairman charles grassley
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leaders released a new draft of their healthcare bill on thursday that retains key taxes on the wealthy and allows insurers to offer plans that do not comply with obamacare regulations that mandate they cover certain health services.  the bill also keeps obamacare’s limit on corporate tax deductions for executive pay in the health insurance industry
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on thursday said he would delay his chamber’s august break in order to push forward final healthcare overhaul legislation if the senate succeeds in passing their version before the scheduled summer recess. senate leader mitch mcconnell has already said he plans to delay senators typical month-long recess by two weeks in order to try and pass a bill
 health savings accounts in senate bill"
"washington (reuters) - the revised u.s. senate healthcare plan will keep in place two obamacare taxes on the wealthy and retain its limit on corporate tax deductions for executive pay in the health insurance industry
"detroit (reuters) - recording star kid rock
"washington (reuters) - a coalition of 14 conservative groups urged u.s. lawmakers on wednesday to support an amendment to the house of representatives’ annual defense bill that would prevent the pentagon from implementing climate-change and green energy policies meant to save taxpayers money and protect the planet. in a letter to the lawmakers
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s pick to lead bank supervision at the federal reserve benefited from the government bailing out or rescuing two banks during the 2008 financial crisis
"san francisco (reuters) - the laws that prohibit foreign nationals from spending money to influence u.s. elections do not prevent them from lawfully buying some kinds of political ads on facebook and other online networks
"washington (reuters) - democrats in the u.s. house of representatives introduced a new version of a russia and iran sanctions bill on wednesday
 very well' - cbn interview"
"new york (reuters) - donald trump jr.’s meeting with a woman he was told was a russian government lawyer who had incriminating information about democratic candidate hillary clinton that could help his father’s presidential campaign could lead investigators to probe whether he violated u.s. election law
"san francisco (reuters) - a u.s. judge on wednesday said he was “very much inclined” to maintain a court order that blocks president donald trump’s administration from carrying out a policy designed to threaten federal funds to so-called sanctuary cities. at a hearing in san francisco federal court
 says russia probe no 'witch hunt'"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is expected to nominate senate democratic aide russ behnam to be a commissioner on the commodity futures trading commission
 supporters dismiss uproar over donald jr."
"washington (reuters) - the conservative house freedom caucus threatened on wednesday to block a fiscal 2018 budget resolution vital to tax reform
" (editors note: attention to language in 2nd paragraph that some readers may find offensive) boston (reuters) - a democratic state lawmaker in maine called president donald trump “a joke” and made a threatening remark about him in a facebook post that drew a sharp condemnation by the head of the state’s republican party. “trump was installed by the russians
"washington (reuters) - senator richard blumenthal
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday defended his eldest son as “innocent” following emails that showed donald trump jr. welcomed russian help against his father’s rival in the 2016 presidential election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate judiciary committee chairman chuck grassley said on wednesday he intends to call former paul manafort
"washington (reuters) - james clinger
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on wednesday he wanted to be shown at least one fact proving moscow’s meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election. “i don’t know anything about this fact. it’s amazing that serious people are making a mountain out of a molehill
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin has never been in touch with russian lawyer natalia veselnitskaya who met a group of u.s. president donald trump’s associates last year
"brussels (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on wednesday it was preposterous that u.s. president donald trump’s eldest son was blamed for meeting a russian lawyer who emails suggest might have had damaging information about hillary clinton last year. hitting back against accusations of russian meddling in the 206 u.s. elections
"washington (reuters) - democrats on the u.s. house of representatives foreign affairs committee plan to introduce in the house on wednesday a russia sanctions bill identical to one that passed the senate last month but has not come up for a vote in the house. “it’s identical to the senate-passed bill
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s eldest son eagerly agreed last year to meet a woman he was told was a russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about democratic white house rival hillary clinton as part of moscow’s official support for his father
' applauds his transparency"
"washington (reuters) - senator dianne feinstein
"washington (reuters) - republican senator chuck grassley
 olympics
 becoming an independent"
 concern and frustration over donald jr. crisis"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans said tuesday they will seek to bring their healthcare overhaul to the senate floor next week after a lengthy intraparty struggle
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. environmental protection agency is in the early stages of launching a debate about climate change that could air on television – challenging scientists to prove the widespread view that global warming is a serious threat
"(reuters) - u.s. environmental protection agency administrator scott pruitt gave reuters a wide-ranging interview on monday at his office in washington
"washington (reuters) - the meeting between u.s. president donald trump’s son and a russian attorney
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration on tuesday removed moscow-based kaspersky lab from two lists of approved vendors used by government agencies to purchase technology equipment
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is increasingly unlikely to nominate federal reserve chair janet yellen next year for a second term
"washington (reuters) - republicans lawmakers on tuesday started trying to kill a brand-new u.s. rule prohibiting banks and credit card companies from requiring customers who open new accounts to sign an agreement that they will not join a group lawsuit in the event of a dispute. the consumer financial protection bureau on monday finalized the new rule banning “mandatory arbitration clauses” requiring consumers to forego class-action suits and instead settle disputes in negotiations overseen by arbitrators frequently hired by companies. the rule immediately ran into fierce opposition by wall street and republicans who control both congress and the white house. they have long criticized the consumer agency
"washington (reuters) - the republican-led senate finance committee on tuesday set a july 18 confirmation hearing for david kautter
"new york (reuters) - the mastermind of the “bridgegate” lane closure scandal that helped torpedo new jersey governor chris christie’s presidential bid should not be sentenced to prison due to his cooperation
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house intelligence committee wants donald trump jr. to appear before the panel to answer questions about his meeting last year with a russian lawyer who he believed had information damaging to hillary clinton
 france's macron to discuss syria and terrorism during paris visit"
 russian diplomats to meet in washington next week"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday that the senate would vote on a bill to roll back obamacare next week and then move on to other legislative business. “we’re going to do health care next week
"washington (reuters) - republican senators returned to washington on monday following a 10-day holiday recess still at odds with one another over legislation president donald trump wants passed to repeal major portions of obamacare. with only three weeks left before a summer recess scheduled to stretch until sept. 5
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday announced a delay in the senate’s planned august recess until the third week of the month to provide more time to work on legislation and approve nominees. “in order to provide more time to complete action on important legislative items and process nominees that have been stalled by a lack of cooperation from our friends across the aisle
"(reuters) - the u.s. senate’s intelligence committee is seeking documents from donald trump jr. and intends to call on him to testify before lawmakers
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s eldest son eagerly agreed last year to meet a woman he was told was a russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about democratic white house rival hillary clinton as part of moscow’s official support for his father
"new york (reuters) - donald trump jr. was told in an email before meeting a russian lawyer who he thought had material damaging to hillary clinton that it was part of a russian government bid to aid his father’s presidential campaign
"washington (reuters) - there was nothing inappropriate about a meeting president donald trump’s son had with a russian attorney during the presidential campaign last year
"washington (reuters) - the senate intelligence committee’s top democrat said on monday he “absolutely” wants to speak to president donald trump’s son about a meeting he had during the campaign last year with a russian attorney who has close ties to the russian government. senator mark warner told reporters he “absolutely
"(reuters) - alan futerfas
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house republicans expect to introduce bills later this week that would bar states from setting their own rules for self-driving cars and take other steps to remove obstacles to putting such vehicles on the road
"seattle (reuters) - seattle’s city council unanimously passed a pioneering income tax on the city’s highest earners on monday
"washington (reuters) - donald trump jr. was told prior to meeting a russian lawyer whom he believed had information damaging to hillary clinton that the material was part of a russian government effort to help his father’s presidential campaign
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump plans to nominate former treasury official randal quarles to be the federal reserve’s top banking regulator
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee to head the fbi earned $9.2 million last year as a partner in an international law firm
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the u.s. senate foreign relations committee said on monday that if the house of representatives does not pass a russian sanctions bill
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump plans to nominate financier lewis eisenberg to be ambassador to italy
"washington (reuters) - u.s. banks and credit card companies could be prevented from blocking customers from banding together to sue them under a rule released by the country’s consumer finance agency on monday. in releasing the rule
"(reuters) - pennsylvania governor tom wolf said on monday he would allow an unbalanced budget of just under $32 billion to become law at midnight after state lawmakers failed to agree on a plan to close a $2 billion deficit. wolf had 10 days from june 30th to either sign or veto the legislation. he chose to let it become law automatically at midnight without his signature. the legislature approved the spending part of the budget june 30th
 illinois awaits fate of credit ratings"
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s commission to investigate possible election fraud on monday put a freeze on its effort to collect sensitive voter data from states in the face of growing legal challenges. in an email
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department has approved the possible sale to britain of joint light tactical vehicles and accessories with an estimated worth of $1.035 billion
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate intelligence committee wants to speak with donald trump jr.
washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer on monday said he had written to senate majority leader mitch mcconnell urging bipartisan effort to stabilize the u.s. health insurance market. schumer noted that mcconnell had been quoted recently as saying congress will need to shore up that market if lawmakers fail to repeal obamacare. 
"new york (reuters) - donald trump jr.
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s son donald trump jr. said on monday he would be happy to share what he knows with the senate intelligence committee if it decides to look into a meeting he had with a russian lawyer during his father’s campaign. “happy to work with the committee to pass on what i know
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate’s no. 2 republican said on monday that he hoped a vote could be held next week on a bill to roll back obamacare and that a revised republican healthcare plan could be released later this week
 russian lawyer at a client's request"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on sunday backtracked on his push for a cyber security unit with russia
"moscow (reuters) - russia confirmed on monday that donald trump and vladimir putin had discussed forming a joint russian-u.s. group on cyber security
 putin
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin and u.s. president donald trump made no promises to each other to form a joint group on cyber security
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s son
"chicago (reuters) - illinois’ first budget after two years is filled with partial outlines to address its debt-ridden pension system and unpaid bill backlog — signs that political fighting and the fiscal mess in the nation’s fifth-largest state are far from over. at least 15 house and senate republicans broke with first-term republican governor bruce rauner on thursday and joined with democrats to override rauner’s vetoes of the state’s first budget package in more than two years.  the $36 billion spending plan relies on a $5 billion tax increase that permanently hikes the flat personal income tax rate to 4.95 percent
"washington (reuters) - two senior republican u.s. senators criticized secretary of state rex tillerson on sunday for saying that russia may have the “right approach” on syria and for what they called his lack of focus on afghanistan and pakistan. “his statements about syria really disturb me. no
 says it cannot happen"
"kiev (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on sunday that russia must take the first steps to de-escalate violence in eastern ukraine
 russian lawyer: legal spokesman"
"washington (reuters) - republicans expressed increasing pessimism on sunday about the prospects for the healthcare bill in the u.s. senate aimed at rolling back obamacare as lawmakers prepared to return from a week-long recess. one prominent republican lawmaker
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on twitter on sunday that he discussed forming a cyber security unit to guard against election hacking with russian president vladimir putin. tweeting after his first meeting with putin on friday
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is not considering a plan to raise taxes on the wealthiest americans in order to pay for tax breaks for the middle class
"hamburg (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump took a conciliatory tone on saturday at a meeting with chinese president xi jinping where the leaders agreed to keep working on two pressing issues: the nuclear threat posed by north korea and bilateral trade irritants. trump campaigned in last year’s presidential election on cracking down on china for its trade practices
"beijing (reuters) - chinese president xi jinping called on saturday for more international peace-making and crisis-management efforts on the korean peninsula during a meeting with u.s. president donald trump
"beijing (reuters) - china’s navy will join will join next year’s pacific rim military exercises
"beijing (reuters) - chinese president xi jinping stressed to u.s. president donald trump on saturday china’s adherence to resolving the north korean nuclear issue via talks
 kushner met with russian lawyer: new york times"
"hamburg (reuters) - leaders from the world’s leading economies broke with u.s. president donald trump on climate policy at a g20 summit on saturday
"hamburg (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel said on saturday she was pleased that all group of 20 members besides the united states had agreed in a communique that the paris climate accord was irreversible. “i think it’s very clear that we could not reach consensus
"hamburg (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron said on saturday he had not given up on trying to get u.s. counterpart donald trump to change his mind about withdrawing the united states from the paris climate change agreement. the final statement from the group of 20 leaders meeting in hamburg on saturday exposed the divide that remains between the united states and other g20 members on the 2015 paris accord aimed at combating climate change. but macron also said he would host a summit on dec. 12 to move the paris deal forward. “on dec. 12
"hamburg (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel said on saturday that her bilateral meeting with turkish president tayyip erdogan revealed deep differences between the two nato allies. “the many arrests
"hamburg (reuters) - the u.s. decision to pull out of the paris climate agreement means turkey is less inclined to ratify the deal because the u.s. move jeopardizes compensation promised to developing countries
 trump pledges $639 million in aid to four countries"
"(reuters) - the state of hawaii renewed its bid to narrow president donald trump’s temporary travel ban
"beijing (reuters) - chinese president xi jinping urged joint efforts to keep sino-u.s. ties on track during a meeting with president donald trump on saturday on the sidelines of the g20 summit in the german city of hamburg
"beijing (reuters) - chinese president xi jinping told u.s. president donald trump on saturday that stronger sino-u.s. ties are good for stability in a complex world
 trump discuss 'global hot-spot issues': xinhua"
"san francisco (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on friday rejected hawaii’s request to issue an emergency order blocking parts of president donald trump’s temporary travel ban while the state sought clarification over what groups of people would be barred from travel. the u.s. supreme court last month let the ban on travel from six muslim-majority countries go forward with a limited scope
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s commission to investigate possible election fraud will convene this month
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on thursday that congress must act to shore up private health insurance markets if it fails to repeal obamacare
"(reuters) - most u.s. states have rejected full compliance with requests for voters’ private information by president donald trump’s commission investigating possible election fraud. the following is a rundown of how states responded to the requests for information such as names
 germany
"washington (reuters) - senator amy klobuchar
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on friday he had chosen an envoy to lead u.s. diplomacy on the ukraine crisis
"washington (reuters) - a senior u.s. republican lawmaker filed legislation on friday that would sanction russia for its violations of a decades-old arms control agreement
" washington (reuters) - during his campaign and first months in office
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian president petro poroshenko on friday welcomed the appointment of kurt volker to serve as washington’s special representative to ukraine
"madrid (reuters) - a spanish court said on friday it has exchanged a 21-month prison sentence handed to soccer player lionel messi for tax fraud last july for a quarter-of-a-million-euro fine.  the barcelona player and his father were found guilty by a catalan court last year of three counts of tax fraud to the tune of 4.1 million euros ($4.68 million) over income earned from image rights.  the father also had his 15-month sentence exchanged for a fine of 180
"chicago (reuters) - illinois ended its historic budget drought on thursday after  the house of representatives enacted the state’s first complete spending plan since 2015 by overriding the governor’s vetoes. but the $36 billion fiscal 2018 budget and $5 billion tax hike may not save illinois from becoming the first-ever u.s. state with a junk credit rating. the democratic-controlled house mustered some republican votes to enact a trio of budget and revenue bills into law over republican governor bruce rauner’s objection. the house’s action
 ending record impasse"
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. office of government ethics
"(reuters) - seven u.s. states are still without budgets
 china to meet in washington on july 19 for economic talks"
 trump plays down interference in u.s. election"
 country of wife melania's birth"
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. government on wednesday proposed to reduce the volume of biofuel required to be used in gasoline and diesel fuel next year as it signaled the first step toward a potential broader overhaul of its biofuels program. the u.s. environmental protection agency’s proposed total volume marked a slight decline from current levels and was more than 20 percent below targets laid out in a 2007 law. the u.s. renewable fuel standard
"chicago (reuters) - even if illinois’ house of representatives takes action to enact a new budget on thursday
"chicago (reuters) - a democratic plan to end illinois’ crippling two-year budget stalemate is poised to be enacted by the state house of representatives on thursday
"mexico city (reuters) - a meeting between mexican president enrique pena nieto and u.s. president donald trump on friday at the g20 summit in germany will last about 30 minutes and probably not lead to any major agreements
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may will hold a bilateral meeting with u.s. president donald trump at the g20 summit in hamburg on friday
"new york (reuters) - six in 10 american voters support the new ban on people from six predominantly muslim countries from entering the united states unless they can show they have a close relative here
 u.s. senators call for coherent policy from trump"
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration will soon begin a review that will question the veracity of the climate change science used by president barack obama’s administration as the basis for environmental regulations.  the move by the environmental protection agency to launch public debates between scientists on climate research
 tax vetoes"
 new jersey end state government shutdowns"
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner announced on tuesday his veto of a $5 billion income tax rate hike that was the lynchpin of a newly passed bipartisan budget package designed to end the state’s record-setting fiscal impasse
"washington (reuters) - during his presidential campaign
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will use fast-growing supplies of u.s. natural gas as a political tool when he meets in warsaw on thursday with leaders of a dozen countries that are captive to russia for their energy needs. in recent years
"new york (reuters) - the administration of u.s. president donald trump opposed opening the door to grandparents from six muslim-majority countries on monday
"washington (reuters) - maryland
"(reuters) - president donald trump is considering adding a veteran washington lawyer to the white house counsel’s office to deal with russia-related issues
"moscow (reuters) - russia and the united states are still discussing the timing of the first face-to-face encounter between donald trump and vladimir putin
 new jersey lawmakers scramble to end partial government shutdowns"
 spending plan"
 hits media at kennedy center event"
 arab states in calls"
 japan leaders"
"beijing (reuters) - china hopes the united states can handle the taiwan issue appropriately
 american troops
 punching cnn logo"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump lashed out on saturday at the growing number of states refusing to give voters’ names
 hope for illinois budget dims"
"(reuters) - a budget impasse between maine governor paul lepage and democratic lawmakers triggered a shutdown of nonessential state services on saturday
 replace later"
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on friday it was “fully committed” to pushing a republican draft healthcare bill through the senate
 targets seoul on trade"
"chicago (reuters) - a rare sign of bipartisanship in the illinois house on friday fueled hopes of movement toward a spending deal
"chicago (reuters) - a u.s. judge on friday dealt a major financial blow to illinois by ordering the cash-strapped state to pay $586 million a month to medicaid providers to ensure continued medical care for poor and disabled residents. the order by judge joan lefkow also stipulated that illinois send $2 billion to medicaid providers during the fiscal year that starts on saturday to pay down the existing $3.1 billion backlog of unpaid bills. illinois comptroller susana mendoza
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration has dropped plans for an executive order that will require all u.s. food aid to be transported on american ships after members of congress protested
"chicago (reuters) - a growing number of u.s. states refused on friday to give voters’ names
"washington (reuters) - twenty moderate republicans in the u.s. house of representatives warned on friday that efforts to overhaul the federal tax code could be jeopardized by demands for including major spending cuts in a fiscal 2018 budget resolution. in a june 30 letter to house speaker paul ryan
"(reuters) - the u.s. labor department on friday defended its authority to use salary levels to decide who was eligible for overtime pay but distanced itself from an obama administration rule that greatly expanded the number of qualifying workers. under u.s. president donald trump
"chicago/washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday he was sending federal help to fight crime in chicago that has reached “epidemic” proportions. the government is sending federal agents to chicago and plans to prosecute firearms cases aggressively
 ready for shutdown"
"washington (reuters) - two television hosts assailed by donald trump questioned his mental health on friday and charged that the white house had tried unsuccessfully to get them to apologize to the president for unfavorable coverage in exchange for his getting a negative tabloid story about them killed. “he appears to have a fragile
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on friday that north korea’s nuclear and ballistic missiles program required a “determined response
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump spoke with turkish president tayyip erdogan on friday to discuss the dispute between qatar and gulf and arab powers who severed diplomatic and travel links with qatar. trump and erdogan discussed ways to resolve the dispute “while ensuring that all countries work together to stop terrorist funding and to combat extremist ideology”
 taiwan"
"moscow (reuters) - donald trump and vladimir putin have an opportunity to mend their countries’ ties when they meet next week
"chicago (reuters) - with a budget deal elusive and a midnight friday deadline fast approaching
"washington (reuters) - bills backed by u.s. president donald trump to crack down on illegal immigrants passed the u.s. house of representatives on thursday
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration reversed a decision late on thursday and said fiancés would be considered close family members and therefore allowed to travel to the united states as its revised travel ban took effect. the u.s. state department concluded “upon further review
"washington (reuters) - the united states expects business as usual at ports of entry when fresh rules on u.s. president donald trump’s travel ban on citizens from six muslim-majority nations goes into effect at 8 p.m. eastern time
"(reuters) - the state of hawaii on thursday asked a federal judge in honolulu to clarify a u.s. supreme court ruling this week which reinstated parts of president donald trump’s revised travel ban. in a court filing
 sends it to house"
 complicating talks"
 trump and putin to hold first meeting next week"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration is preparing an executive order that will require all u.s. food aid to be transported on american ships
"(reuters) - ten republican state attorneys general on thursday urged federal authorities to rescind a policy set by former u.s. president barack obama that protects from deportation nearly 600
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump assailed a woman tv news host in highly personal terms on thursday
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto will meet with his u.s. counterpart donald trump next week at the g20 summit in germany
"washington (reuters) - spending on the medicaid healthcare program for the poor would be 35 percent lower than under current law in 2036 if a draft bill to repeal obamacare proposed by senate republicans were to become law
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress is divided over whether to privatize the nation’s air traffic control system as both chambers advance bills to expand airline passenger protections. on thursday
"washington (reuters) - the leaders of the u.s. house intelligence committee’s russia probe on thursday called on the white house to respond more fully to their request for any records on president donald trump’s conversations with fired fbi director james comey. the white house told the panel on june 23 that a tweet by the president in which he said he had no recordings of their conversations was responsive to the committee’s request. in a joint statement on thursday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress will need to raise the nation’s debt limit by early to mid-october to avoid defaulting on loan payments
"washington (reuters) - the top aide to u.s. vice president mike pence is leaving the trump administration and will be replaced by a longtime republican political operative
washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on thursday said republican senators are making “good progress” on their efforts to come to agreement on retooled draft legislation aimed at repealing and replacing the 2010 affordable care act.        u.s. house speaker paul ryan separately on thursday told reporters at a news conference that he expects his chamber to move quickly once the senate passes its version of healthcare legislation. 
"washington (reuters) - republican senator susan collins
"paris (reuters) - france’s president has not given donald trump an easy ride: a crunching handshake at one meeting was followed by a body swerve at another and then a public rebuke over his attitude to climate change. but now there seems to be an olive branch from paris. the u.s. leader said on wednesday he had accepted an invitation from emmanuel macron to celebrate july 14 bastille day celebrations and 100 years since the u.s. troops entered into world war one. trump will likely revel in a ceremony laden with pageantry and military pomp
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. senate republican struggled on wednesday to salvage major healthcare legislation sought by president donald trump
 trump to meet on sidelines of g20 summit"
 usa's tillerson expected to meet at g20 summit: agencies"
"(reuters) - maine’s two most prominent republicans grabbed headlines this week with political moves that were widely different in style and substance
" (this story corrects typo in 10th paragraph.) by jessica damiana jakarta (reuters) - from white water rafting in bali to visiting temples on java
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday said he planned to nominate a federal communications commission attorney to fill one of two vacant seats at the nation’s telecommunications regulatory agency. the white house said trump would name brendan carr
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate senate aide richard glick to be a member of the federal energy regulatory commission
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate armed services committee approved 4
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers on the house of representatives armed services committee asked the pentagon on wednesday to produce a report on climate change and its effects on the military. the report would list each service’s 10 most vulnerable military installations at risk of flooding
"new york (reuters) - the now-delayed u.s. senate healthcare overhaul bill would boost state spending on medicaid by $565 million in 2022
"washington (reuters) - leaders of the u.s. senate intelligence committee said on wednesday they had reached an agreement that would allow them to see memos written by former fbi director james comey about his meetings with president donald trump. comey’s relationship with trump has been central to ongoing investigations of russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election and whether there was collusion between trump associates and moscow. lawmakers have raised questions about whether trump fired comey on may 9 in order to interfere with the russia probe. russia has denied such assertions. trump
"washington (reuters) - flush with cash
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate banking committee’s top two lawmakers unveiled a bipartisan piece of legislation on wednesday designed to prevent a prolonged vacancy on the federal body that determines how large insurance companies are regulated. the proposed legislation by senate banking chairman mike crapo and ranking member sherrod brown would permit roy woodall
"washington (reuters) - four of washington’s largest business lobby groups urged congress in a letter on wednesday to settle their differences on government spending so they can move forward on overhauling the u.s. tax code in the next year.  the u.s. chamber of commerce
 trump says big surprise on bill could come"
 anger in middle east"
"san antonio (reuters) - a wine industry businessman and financial manager was sentenced to four years in prison on wednesday for defrauding millions of dollars from former national basketball association star tim duncan. charles banks
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday expressed confidence that the republican-led senate would ultimately prevail in  passing legislation aimed at repealing and replacing the 2010 healthcare law passed under his predecessor
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority whip john cornyn on wednesday indicated republican leaders want changes to their draft healthcare legislation completed this week so lawmakers could review the revised plan over next week’s congressional recess. cornyn
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has accepted french president emmanuel macron’s invitation to attend bastille day ceremonies in paris on july 14
"paris (reuters) - president donald trump will travel to france for the bastille day military celebrations on july 14
 weighs trade steps: officials"
 u.s. senate republicans delay vote"
 brexit in phone call"
"beijing (reuters) - newly appointed u.s. ambassador to china terry branstad said on wednesday the united states would like to see nobel peace prize-winning activist liu xiaobo treated elsewhere for cancer
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate textron systems chief executive ellen lord for the position of under secretary of defense for acquisition
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on tuesday he had picked an employment lawyer who has represented companies and business groups for a vacancy on the national labor relations board. the selection of william emanuel
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives voted nearly unanimously on tuesday to reaffirm the nato alliance’s guarantee that all members defend each other
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton’s campaign chairman
"washington (reuters) - republican efforts to overhaul the u.s. tax code have hit a snag in the house of representatives
"washington (reuters) - senate republican leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday said a meeting between senate republicans and president donald trump on healthcare was helpful and he expressed optimism the senate would eventually pass a bill to repeal obamacare. “i think the meeting was very helpful
"boston (reuters) - hedge fund industry executive anthony scaramucci
"toronto (reuters) - the name trump will be removed from a high-rise hotel and condo development in downtown toronto after the project’s new owner
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence on tuesday hailed a first meeting between president donald trump and indian prime minister narendra modi as “historic and productive
"washington (reuters) - two democratic congressmen on tuesday called on the trump administration to demand strong labor provisions in its renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement to reverse chronic wage erosion in mexico. at a public hearing in washington tied to the imminent trade talks
"washington (reuters) - as the u.s. supreme court navigated a difficult period in which it was short one member for more than a year
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell has decided to put off a planned vote on a healthcare bill to repeal obamacare until after the senate’s july 4 recess
"washington (reuters) - republicans and democrats in congress sparred on tuesday over u.s. states setting rules for testing and deployment of self-driving cars and a proposal to allow automakers and technology companies to bypass existing regulations in introducing autonomous cars. democrats on a u.s. house energy and commerce subcommittee said that the u.s. national highway traffic safety administration (nhtsa) must play a more aggressive role in mandating self-driving car safety. a republican draft package of 14 bills would allow nhtsa to exempt up to 100
"berlin (reuters) - iran’s foreign minister criticized on tuesday a decision by the u.s. supreme court to revive part of president donald trump’s travel ban imposed on citizens from six majority muslim countries
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s son-in-law and adviser
"washington (reuters) - republican senator mike lee
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will push ahead with a vote this week on a healthcare bill to repeal obamacare
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday handed a victory to president donald trump by reviving parts of a travel ban on people from six muslim-majority countries that he said is needed for national security but that opponents decry as discriminatory. the justices narrowed the scope of lower court rulings that had completely blocked key parts of a march 6 executive order that trump had said was needed to prevent terrorism attacks
"detroit (reuters) - a federal judge halted late on monday the deportation of all iraqi nationals detained during immigration sweeps across the united states this month until at least july 10
 conservative koch network warms to trump"
 survey shows"
"washington (reuters) - twenty-two million americans would lose insurance over the next decade under the u.s. senate republican healthcare bill
 but stresses strong ties"
"washington (reuters) - in less than three months
 modi call north korea's 'grave threat' to peace: white house"
 india's modi call on pakistan to stem terrorist attacks"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers said on monday they did not know when legislation to impose new sanctions on russia might come up for a vote in the house of representatives
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers said on monday they wanted another $18.5 billion added to president donald trump’s proposed defense budget of $603 billion to hire more troops and buy more aircraft and ships in fiscal 2018. republican house of representatives armed services committee chairman mac thornberry released a proposed defense policy bill intended to address military readiness and the department of defense’s unfunded requirements list
"chicago (reuters) - democrats in illinois’ house of representatives on monday offered republicans a four-year freeze on local property taxes that has been a key sticking point in the state’s historic budget impasse. it was not clear whether the legislation represented a break in the political logjam that has left the country’s fifth-largest state without a full-year operating budget for two fiscal years and threatens to downgrade its credit rating to junk. republican governor bruce rauner and the democrat-led legislature face a friday deadline to pass a budget or risk the consequences of a third-straight year of fiscal futility
"washington (reuters) - white house spokesman sean spicer drew the ire of some reporters on monday for banning cameras from daily press briefings as part of what spicer called an effort to vary the routine. “why are the cameras off
"(reuters) - lawyers for the united states on monday urged jurors to allow the u.s. government to seize a manhattan office tower from a non-profit for violating u.s. sanctions against iran. in closing arguments at the end of a month-long trial in manhattan federal court
"washington (reuters) - nearly $1 trillion of taxes imposed by the affordable care act will remain in place if the senate fails to adopt legislation to dismantle the law known as obamacare
"washington (reuters) - the state department will implement president donald trump’s travel ban “in an orderly fashion” consistent with the supreme court’s order
 experts say"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans on monday released changes to their healthcare bill
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump praised the supreme court’s decision on monday to review the legality of his temporary ban on travelers from six muslim-majority countries and all refugees
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of homeland security said it would implement the trump administration’s temporary travel ban in a professional and public manner after the supreme court’s earlier on monday allowed its partial implementation of the ban on travelers from six muslim-majority countries and all refugees.  “the implementation of the executive order will be done professionally
"sanaa (reuters) - a yemeni government official expressed disappointment over a decision by the u.s. supreme court on monday to allow much of president donald trump’s ban on travelers from six muslim-majority countries and all refugees to go back into effect. “we’re disappointed with this decision. we believe it will not help in confronting terrorism and extremism
 criticism"
"washington (reuters) - twenty-two million americans would lose their health insurance coverage over the next decade under draft legislation unveiled by senate republicans last week
"washington (reuters) - a republican senator leading the charge on updating little-known investment rules designed to protect national security said that he will soon introduce a bill aimed at reining in potentially dangerous deals done by china. senator john cornyn
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. senate foreign relations committee said on monday he would block arms sales to saudi arabia
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department has approved the possible sale to india of one boeing c-17 transport aircraft
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico has been increasing actions to protect mexican migrants in response to a law in texas that allows police to question people about their immigration status
 without giving evidence"
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on monday it was still premature to say anything certain about a possible meeting between russian president vladimir putin and his u.s. counterpart donald trump next month because no definite arrangements had been made for it. the two leaders are widely expected to hold their first personal meeting when they attend a g20 summit in germany in july. “anyway
"new york/san francisco (reuters) - large crowds turned out for pride marches on sunday in new york city and san francisco
"washington (reuters) - republican senator susan collins of maine said on sunday she has extreme reservations about the u.s. senate’s healthcare overhaul and does not think it will be able to pass this week. collins
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the u.s. house intelligence committee on sunday criticized the administration of former president barack obama for not taking earlier and tougher action against russia for its alleged hacks aimed at swaying the nov. 8 election for donald trump. “the obama administration should have done a lot more when it became clear that not only was russia intervening
"washington (reuters) - conservative activists held a pair of rallies in washington on sunday to decry the handful of celebrities who have joked about violence against president donald trump and to protest efforts to stop contentious speakers at colleges. both rallies attracted only a few dozen supporters
"colorado springs
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator rand paul said on sunday that he remains open to supporting the senate healthcare bill but only under certain circumstances. “if we get to impasse
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer said on sunday that he sees a 50 percent probability that republicans will be able to pass their healthcare bill. “i think they have at best a 50-50 chance of passing this bill
 investment"
 u.s. to drop iraq
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump made calls to fellow republicans in the u.s. senate on friday to mobilize support for their party’s healthcare overhaul while acknowledging the legislation is on a “very
"(reuters) - u.s. senate republicans’ legislation to overhaul obamacare hit roadblocks almost as soon as it was unveiled: opposition from all 48 democratic and independent senators and four conservative republican lawmakers
"washington (reuters) - the white house said in a letter on friday that a tweet by president donald trump on thursday was the formal answer to a request by the house of representatives intelligence committee for information about records of conversations with fired fbi director james comey. the letter to republican representative mike conaway
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has no intention of firing the special counsel investigating charges of russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election
"washington (reuters) - the white house is very close to naming its nominees for the top u.s. securities regulator
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration would like to see a westinghouse nuclear reactor deal with india move forward
"washington (reuters) - the leaders of the u.s. senate armed services committee asked defense secretary jim mattis on friday to investigate any involvement of u.s. interrogators at secret prisons in yemen where inmates have reportedly been tortured. the associated press published a report on wednesday that nearly 2
 house leaders eye bipartisan deal"
"(reuters) - u.s. republican senator dean heller said on friday he would not support a healthcare bill unveiled by the senate republican leadership in its current form
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump could find democratic support for a corporate tax reform package if a comprehensive tax code overhaul runs aground over republican infighting
"washington (reuters) - a white house spokesman did not rule out a meeting between president donald trump and russian president vladimir putin when he was asked about reports the two leaders may hold talks on the sidelines of a group of 20 meeting in germany next month.  “to the extent that we can work with russia to solve some problems and to cooperate
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is very pleased with the draft healthcare bill senate republican leaders have unveiled and wants to continue to “push it forward
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is expected to nominate a top economic aide
"washington (reuters) - the white house is hopeful congress can complete action on a bill to repeal and replace obamacare by the time lawmakers go on recess in august
 but fate uncertain"
"london (reuters) - the planned appointment of national football league team owner woody johnson as u.s. ambassador to london shows president donald trump’s commitment to close ties with britain
 says has no tapes of talks with comey"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday said he had not obstructed the fbi’s investigation into alleged russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election and possible collusion by his campaign. “look
"washington (reuters) - four conservative u.s. republican senators said on thursday they are not prepared to vote for the senate republican healthcare proposal unveiled on thursday when it comes to the floor
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans offered a bill on thursday to overhaul obamacare
 house obamacare overhaul bills compare"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he supported a republican healthcare bill to replace obamacare that was unveiled in the senate on thursday. “i am very supportive of the senate #healthcarebill. look forward to making it really special! remember
"(reuters) - a u.s. judge on thursday temporarily blocked the deportation of about 100 iraqi nationals rounded up in michigan in recent weeks who argued that they could face persecution or torture in iraq because they are religious minorities. u.s. district judge mark goldsmith in michigan issued an order staying the deportation of the iraqis for at least two weeks as he decides whether he has jurisdiction over the matter. goldsmith said it was unclear whether the iraqis would ultimately succeed.  the arrests shocked the close-knit iraqi community in michigan. six michigan lawmakers in the u.s. house of representatives urged the government to hold off on the removals until congress can be given assurances about the deportees’ safety. the michigan arrests were part of a coordinated sweep in recent weeks by immigration authorities who detained about 199 iraqi immigrants around the country. they had final deportation orders and convictions for serious crimes.  the roundup followed iraq’s agreement to accept deportees as part of a deal that removed the country from president donald trump’s revised temporary travel ban.  some of those affected came to the united states as children and committed their crimes decades ago
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will nominate national football league team owner woody johnson as u.s. ambassador to britain
"new york (reuters) - the latest lawyer hired to represent u.s. president donald trump in the federal investigation of russian interference in the 2016 election is an ex-marine who likens some cases to war. “i fight hard
"(reuters) - former manhattan u.s. attorney preet bharara
 russia sanctions"
 drone executives on new technologies"
 three other republicans oppose new healthcare draft: ap"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday said he did not make and does not possess any tapes of his conversations with former fbi director james comey
"(reuters) - more than 80 percent of americans want to limit firearms access for people with mental illness and require background checks at gun shows and in private sales
"frankfurt (reuters) - u.s. house democrats rejected an assertion by deutsche bank that privacy laws prevent it from sharing information about president donald trump’s finances
"washington (reuters) - the top republican on tax policy in the house of representatives rejected the possibility of cutting taxes without fundamental changes to the u.s. tax code on thursday
 trump back in campaign mode in iowa"
 u.s. asks china to do more to rein in north korea"
"washington (reuters) - a healthcare bill being unveiled by u.s. senate republicans on thursday is expected to roll back the obamacare expansion of the medicaid healthcare program for the poor and reshape subsidies to low-income people buying private insurance. those subsidies are expected to be linked to recipients’ income
"jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser
"washington (reuters) - frustrated democrats pondered the party’s future and questioned its campaign messaging on wednesday after a demoralizing defeat in a georgia congressional race widely seen as a referendum on president donald trump’s young administration. in the most expensive congressional election in u.s. history
 wireless technologies"
"washington (reuters) - two studies that president donald trump hopes will buttress his case to cut the number of refugees are at the heart of a fight between senior white house adviser stephen miller and career u.s. government officials over immigration policy
"cedar rapids
"new york (reuters) - when u.s. senate republicans unveil their plan to overhaul america’s healthcare system
 u.s. official says"
"washington (reuters) - warning that members of congress have a “bull’s eye on our backs
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. house of representatives’ transportation committee on wednesday proposed legislation to privatize the u.s. air traffic control system and make other aviation changes
"washington (reuters) - senate republicans would repeal most of the taxes that pay for obamacare
 tillerson urges gulf demands be sent to qatar"
"moscow/washington (reuters) - angered by expanded u.s. sanctions
 china call on north korea to stop nuclear weapons program"
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. congress
 senate to unveil healthcare bill"
"washington (reuters) - senate republicans plan to release their version of health care reform legislation at 9:30 a.m. (1330 gmt) on thursday
"(reuters) - u.s. democratic lawmakers asked environmental protection agency head scott pruitt on wednesday to disclose procedures to prevent billionaire carl icahn from influencing u.s. biofuels policy for personal gain. the letter is the latest in a string of missives from democrats concerned about icahn’s dual role as a special adviser to president donald trump on regulation and as a major investor in heavily regulated industries.  icahn has an 82 percent stake in oil refiner cvr energy inc (cvi.n). he has also recommended the white house change the biofuels program that would reduce costs to cvr and other refining companies.  “recent reports about mr. icahn’s actions with respect to the renewable fuel standard (rfs) program have raised significant ethical and legal concerns given his oil refinery business interests
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration on wednesday made its final plea to the u.s. supreme court to allow its proposed ban on travelers from six muslim-majority countries to go into effect as the justices weigh how to handle the hotly contested dispute. the court papers filed by president donald trump’s administration complete the briefing on the government’s emergency application asking the justices to block lower court injunctions in favor of challengers to the ban. the supreme court could now act at any time. the lower court rulings blocked the 90-day ban on travelers from libya
"washington (reuters) - the united states regrets the russian cancellation of a meeting this week between top diplomats but remains open to future discussion to bridge bilateral differences
"washington (reuters) - former homeland security secretary jeh johnson told a congressional panel on wednesday that there was a delay between the time the fbi first made contact with the democratic national committee about russia hacking its servers and the time he was notified at the department of homeland security.  johnson
"sandy springs
"washington/beijing (reuters) - chinese efforts to persuade north korea to rein in its nuclear program have failed
 jared kushner to visit: u.s. official"
"beijing (reuters) - china said on wednesday it is making unremitting efforts on the north korean nuclear issue
"new york (reuters) - federal investigators probing the lobbying work of ousted national security adviser michael flynn are focused in part on the role of bijan kian
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department has launched a 12-city partnership to combat spikes in violent crime as part of president donald trump’s vow to support law enforcement
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions has become the latest senior trump administration official to hire a private attorney
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senators called on congress on tuesday to take back its authority to determine whether the country goes to war
" (this june 19 story has been refiled to correct mueller title to special counsel.) by jonathan landay washington (reuters) - special counsel robert mueller will hold talks this week with senior senate judiciary committee members to ensure that there is no conflict between his investigation of potential collusion between russia and the trump campaign and the panel’s probe
"washington (reuters) - the united states holds north korea accountable for its treatment of u.s. student otto warmbier and wants three other u.s. citizens detained by pyongyang to be freed as soon as possible
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department bluntly questioned on tuesday the motives of saudi arabia and the united arab emirates for their boycott of doha
 drones"
 trump aides vow tax reform by end of 2017"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration is exploring hardening its approach toward pakistan to crack down on pakistan-based militants launching attacks in neighboring afghanistan
 iran sanctions bill hits roadblock in u.s. house"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is expected to make an announcement this week about the existence of any tapes of conversations between him and former fbi director james comey
"washington (reuters) - democrats in the u.s. congress warned on tuesday that republican moves to grant new tax breaks to the wealthy could jeopardize democratic support for an increase in the government’s borrowing authority later this year. “if they’re (republicans) going to put on the table a massive tax cut for the very wealthy that increases the deficit by trillions (of dollars)
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans will release the text of a draft healthcare bill on thursday
 republicans on domestic goals"
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. derivatives regulator is about to lose its sole democratic commissioner in the coming months
 republicans aim for tax bill in first half of september"
"washington (reuters) - opponents of president donald trump’s ban on travelers from six muslim-majority countries again urged the u.s. supreme court on tuesday to reject his bid to revive it
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump was poised on tuesday to nominate washington lawyer marvin kaplan to the national labor relations board
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democrats took to the senate floor on monday to throw a spotlight on behind-the-scenes efforts by the republican majority to repeal former president barack obama’s healthcare law
"new delhi (reuters) - india could take up the issue of visas for skilled workers when prime minister narendra modi meets u.s. president donald trump next week
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian president petro poroshenko will meet u.s. president donald trump in washington on tuesday for talks on security
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court agreed on monday to decide whether the u.s. constitution limits how far lawmakers can go to redraw voting districts to favor one political party over another in a case that could have huge consequences for american elections. the high court has been willing to invalidate state electoral maps on the grounds of racial discrimination
"washington (reuters) - the white house is considering shifting press secretary sean spicer away from the daily spokesman job and into a new communications role but no such move is believed imminent
 costliest u.s. house race hits ugly note as election looms"
"(reuters) - democratic lawmakers investigating fired national security adviser michael flynn’s security clearance said monday they could not find the hotel flynn said he stayed at during a 2015 trip to saudi arabia or any record of a conference he reported attending. in a letter to companies for which flynn worked
 democrats look for new path to power"
"(reuters) - a veteran federal prosecutor recruited onto special counsel robert mueller’s team is known for a skill that may come in handy in the investigation of potential ties between russia and u.s. president donald trump’s 2016 campaign team: persuading witnesses to turn on friends
"washington (reuters) - the top republican in the u.s. house of representatives is expected to reassure business leaders on tuesday that tax reform is on track for this year
"vienna (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s speech on cuba was a “grotesque spectacle
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis will again meet his turkish counterpart next week in europe
"washington (reuters) - one of president donald trump’s personal lawyers said in television interviews on sunday that the president was not under investigation for obstruction of justice
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday left in place a lower court’s ruling that barred private citizens from suing ohio for allegedly impeding their ability to vote by requiring ballot forms to be filled out perfectly. the justices declined to review the ruling that dismissed claims by ohio’s democratic party and homeless rights groups that the state’s “perfect form” law
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump and republican leaders in congress will soon confront a complex challenge for tax reform: how to limit u.s. corporate tax avoidance schemes that take advantage of low tax rates in foreign countries. congressional and administration staff have begun to examine options to address profit-shifting schemes that include so-called transfer pricing
 says it sides with cuba"
"(reuters) - milwaukee county sheriff david clarke
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative steve scalise
 disclosure shows"
"miami (reuters) - president donald trump on friday ordered tighter restrictions on americans traveling to cuba and a clampdown on u.s. business dealings with the caribbean island’s military
"havana (reuters) - cubans said they were crestfallen to be returning to an era of frostier relations with the united states as the news spread that u.s. president donald trump was set to revert parts of the historic detente with cuba. trump will on friday announce a plan to tighten rules on americans traveling to communist-run cuba and significantly restrict u.s. firms from doing business with cuban enterprises controlled by the military
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative steve scalise
"(reuters) - president donald trump has added a veteran washington lawyer to the team representing him in the investigations of possible collusion by the trump campaign with russia
"caracas (reuters) - cuba’s main regional ally
 press forward with trade visit"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s rollback on his predecessor’s liberalization of travel to cuba will all but eliminate a burgeoning market for independent tourism
"washington/miami (reuters) - the trump administration is still reviewing a policy set in 2012 by u.s. president barack obama that protects from deportation nearly 600
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration on friday sided with employers in a supreme court case over the rights of workers to bring class action lawsuits against companies
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump acknowledged on friday he is under investigation in a probe of alleged russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential race and possible collusion by his campaign - and seemed to assail the justice department official overseeing the inquiry. robert mueller
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is likely to nominate former senate aide hester peirce to an open seat on the securities and exchange commission
 cuba to work out differences via dialogue"
"moscow (reuters) - a russian media group which angered some in the kremlin by reporting on the business interests of people close to president vladimir putin was sold on friday to the owner of a tabloid that is deferential to the russian leader. businessman grigory berezkin’s esn group said in a statement it has acquired a 65 percent stake in the rbc media holding
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump was not confirming an investigation of him for firing fbi director james comey in his comment on twitter on friday but was referring to a report in the washington post
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator jeff flake
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration plans to publish regulations that will end people-to-people individual travel to cuba
washington (reuters) - the trump administration on friday called on the international community to support u.s. president donald trump’s renewal of sanctions against cuba and said that future improved relations with havana depend on the island nation taking “concrete” steps on political and economic reforms. the white house statement was released as trump spoke in miami to announce that he was reversing some of former president barack obama’s moves to liberalize u.s. relations with cuba. 
"washington (reuters) - the special counsel appointed to lead a probe into alleged russian interference in the 2016 u.s. election should be granted full control of the investigation independent of justice department officials
"washington (reuters) - members of the u.s. congress took the field for their traditional republicans vs. democrats baseball game on thursday
"washington/new york (reuters) - the most worrying thing about james hodgkinson
"washington (reuters) - u.s. deputy attorney general rod rosenstein has privately acknowledged he may need to recuse himself from matters relating to the russia probe
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday that after months of investigations into possible collusion by his campaign with russia in the 2016 presidential election campaign
 restrict business deals with military: u.s. officials"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence has hired a lawyer known for defending government officials in high-profile investigations to help him with probes into whether there were ties between the election campaign of u.s. president donald trump and russia
 china to meet on north korea on wednesday"
"(reuters) - u.s. homeland security secretary john kelly signed a memorandum on thursday rescinding an obama-era plan to spare some illegal immigrant parents of children who are lawful permanent residents from being deported
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative steve scalise’s condition has improved but remained critical on thursday
"(reuters) - kansas governor sam brownback on thursday signed into law a school funding bill that will face scrutiny by the state supreme court to determine if it fulfills a mandate for adequacy. the republican governor said he approved the measure even though the legislature “missed an opportunity to substantially improve the k-12 funding system.” the republican-controlled legislature faced a june 30 deadline set by the kansas supreme court in march to come up with enough funding to meet the state constitution’s requirement for adequacy. alan rupe
 drawing rebuke from maduro"
 conservative bloc demands reforms to internet spy law"
 iran sanctions"
"washington (reuters) - existing sanctions against russia are already effective
"austin
"washington (reuters) - california and other states would be barred from setting their own rules governing design and testing of self-driving cars
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence has hired outside legal counsel to help with questions from investigators probing alleged russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election and possible collusion with the trump campaign
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau accused congressional critics of relying on “misstatements” to criticize his agency
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin joked on thursday that if former fbi director james comey suffers persecution because of his falling-out with u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the white house has not settled on a plan for working with congress to raise the federal debt limit
"washington (reuters) - the white house has eliminated nearly 60 requirements for agencies to submit paperwork that it has deemed out of date or unnecessary in a bid to begin making the federal government operate more efficiently
"chicago (reuters) - illinois’ republican governor
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump visited the supreme court on thursday for the first time since taking office to attend a ceremony for neil gorsuch
"alexandria
"washington (reuters) - u.s. congressman steve scalise
"washington (reuters) - former homeland security secretary jeh johnson will testify next wednesday before the intelligence committee in the house of representatives as part of its probe of russian meddling in the u.s. presidential election
"(reuters) - u.s. intelligence agencies have alleged that russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election to benefit president donald trump. law enforcement agencies and congressional committees are investigating russian meddling and possible collusion with members of trump’s campaign. here is what is publicly known and not known:   how did the investigations begin? former president barack obama ordered u.s. intelligence agencies to assess whether russia tried to intervene in the  election after a cyber attack on the democratic national committee in july 2016 and the publication of thousands of hacked personal emails from hillary clinton’s campaign manager in the month before the nov. 8 election. obama told intelligence officials to deliver a report on possible foreign interference before he left the white house in january 2017. what did the intelligence agencies find?  the central intelligence agency
"washington (reuters) - republican senators trying to repeal obamacare are forming  consensus to keep some of the u.s. healthcare law’s taxes they long criticized
 chicago mayor says"
 others in hospital after shooting at baseball practice"
"seattle (reuters) - the man who sued seattle mayor ed murray accusing him of paying him for sex when he was a teenager has dropped the lawsuit
"(reuters) - six current and former michigan and flint officials were criminally charged on wednesday for their roles in the city’s water crisis that was linked to an outbreak of legionnaires’ disease that caused at least 12 deaths
"alexandria
"belleville
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has decided to name kelly craft
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration on wednesday moved to amend the starting date of its proposed 90-day travel ban on people entering the united states from six muslim-majority countries in a bid to keep its legal battle alive. the amendment appears intended to avoid the administration’s legal case at the u.s. supreme court becoming moot on grounds that parts of the executive order have expired. challengers to the ban
"washington (reuters) - more than 190 democratic lawmakers sued president donald trump in federal court on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - steve scalise
"washington (reuters) - there were prayers and expressions of sympathy for the victims after a gunman opened fire on republican lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will again consider jessica rosenworcel
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted overwhelmingly on wednesday for new sanctions punishing russia for meddling in the 2016 u.s. election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said the suspected gunman who opened fire on republican lawmakers on wednesday had died from injuries he received during the shooting. “the assailant has now died from his injuries
"washington (reuters) - the gunshots that ripped through a congressional republican team practice early wednesday on a virginia baseball field not only shook the u.s. capitol but also upended what many americans consider a symbol of fair play and summer fun. before he was killed
washington (reuters) - the white house said it has canceled president donald trump’s planned appearance at the labor department on wednesday in light of the shooting of senior republican leader steve scalise during  baseball practice earlier in the day. trump was supposed to unveil his plan to expand the use of apprenticeships in the u.s. labor market during the event. 
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will deliver a statement at 11:30 am et on the shooting of senior republican lawmaker steve scalise on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson signaled on wednesday that the united states could back away from the minsk agreement to end fighting in ukraine
 also taiwan"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on wednesday he now had authority to set troop levels in afghanistan and would deliver a revised strategy for the conflict there to the white house in the coming weeks. in testimony before the senate appropriations subcommittee on defense
"washington (reuters) - defense secretary jim mattis on wednesday dismissed chances of a return to the major u.s. troop deployments to afghanistan that characterized the early years of the obama administration
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson signaled on wednesday that he would like more help from china in pressing north korea over issues including its nuclear program. “their cooperation i would say has been notable
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - five people were taken to hospital after a shooting at a baseball field in alexandria near washington
" washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has given defense secretary jim mattis the authority to set troop levels in afghanistan
"richmond
 angering democrats"
"aboard air force one (reuters) - president donald trump has the right to fire special counsel robert mueller
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on tuesday a policy of engagement with cuba has financially benefited the island’s government in violation of u.s. law
"washington (reuters) - the united states is weighing imposing sanctions on countries that do business with north korea and looking for ways to revive strained relations with russia
 obamacare repeal on menu"
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 official at the u.s. justice department on tuesday told congress the special counsel investigating russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 u.s. presidential election and possible collusion with the trump campaign is going to have “the full degree of independence” he needs. “director mueller is going to have the full degree of independence that he needs to conduct that investigation appropriately
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday allowed the trump administration more time to file papers responding to an appeals court ruling that upheld a block on a proposed travel ban on people entering the united states from six muslim-majority countries. the move likely delays any high court action on the administration’s two emergency applications asking for the ban issued on march 6 to immediately go into effect. the march ban was trump’s second effort to impose travel restrictions through an executive order. an entry on the supreme court docket said that the administration can file its new brief on thursday. hawaii
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s personal lawyer michael cohen said on tuesday he had been asked to testify on sept. 5 before the house intelligence committee. “i am committed to complying with the subpoena by the house permanent select intelligence committee
"(reuters) - lawyers for u.s. president donald trump are not likely to file their planned complaint this week against former fbi director james comey over disclosing details about conversations with the president
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan trio of u.s. senators said on tuesday they planned to introduce legislation to remove regulatory roadblocks to the introduction of self-driving cars
"washington (reuters) - a republican-led senate panel backed away from a plan to restrict media cameras in parts of the u.s. capitol on tuesday after democrats and some republicans criticized the move as an attempt to curtail press access. senate staff who manage press access told television network reporters earlier tuesday that they could no longer film interviews with senators in the hallways of the capitol without first receiving permission
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration notified congress last week that it soon planned to begin delivering precision-guided munitions to saudi arabia under a 2015 weapons deal
"washington (reuters) - a friend of former fbi director james comey said on tuesday he is turning over to the fbi any memos he has of comey’s conversations with president donald trump
 defense secretary tells congress"
"washington (reuters) - two u.s. senate democrats on tuesday called for government-wide investigations into the trump administration’s use of secretive messaging phone applications and whether officials are ignoring or delaying responses to some congressional oversight requests. delaware senator tom carper and missouri senator claire mccaskill
 legislature agree on final budget"
"washington (reuters) - from the incomprehensible “covfefe” to a post labeling fired fbi director james comey a “leaker
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on tuesday said that the republican push to repeal obamacare may require additional money for healthcare
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. defense department needs to better manage its finances if it hopes to rebuild and modernize the u.s. armed forces
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on tuesday that the military had presented to congress an unfunded requirements list of $33 billion for fiscal year 2018. “i have reviewed the unfunded requirements
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on tuesday the u.s. relationship with russia was at an all-time low and the  administration was aiming to bring stability to ties. asked at a congressional hearing about a russia sanctions bill under consideration this week by the senate
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on monday there was no indication that russia wanted a positive relationship with the united states
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senators reached an agreement on monday on legislation imposing new sanctions on russia
"washington (reuters) - the united states will have to work with other countries to deny north korea access to basics like oil and will have to consider whether to impose secondary sanctions on those doing business with north korea
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on tuesday that recent strikes against pro-syrian government forces in the past few weeks had been in self-defense and the united states would take all measures to protect its forces in syria. last week the united states shot down a pro-syrian government drone that fired toward u.s.-led coalition forces in syria
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on tuesday criticized a federal appeals court one day after it handed him another legal setback by refusing to revive his u.s. travel ban on people from six muslim-majority nations
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. federal government will have enough cash flow to pay  its bills through at least early september despite the limit on more government borrowing
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will host south korean president moon jae-in at the white house on june 29-30 to advance economic cooperation and discuss ways of strengthening the two countries’ “ironclad” alliance
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on monday he would present options on afghanistan to president donald trump “very soon
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions’ public testimony before a senate panel on tuesday sets up another potentially dramatic hearing on possible ties between president donald trump’s campaign and russian meddling in the 2016 presidential race.     sessions will likely face tough questions at the open senate intelligence committee hearing over his dealings with russian officials during the campaign and whether he had a role in the firing of former fbi director james comey. until a statement on monday from committee chairman richard burr
 flattery is flavor of the day"
"san francisco/washington (reuters) - president donald trump suffered another legal setback on monday as a second federal appeals court refused to revive his travel ban on people entering the united states from six muslim-majority nations in a dispute headed to the u.s. supreme court. the san francisco-based 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals  used narrow grounds to reject the trump administration’s bid to undo a hawaii federal judge’s decision blocking the temporary ban. it said the republican president’s march 6 order violated existing immigration law. but the three-judge panel - all democratic appointees - did not address whether it was unconstitutional discrimination against muslims. a second court
"bozeman
"(reuters) - u.s. immigration authorities are arresting iraqi immigrants ordered deported for serious crimes
"washington (reuters) - u.s. interior secretary ryan zinke said on monday he has recommended that president donald trump reduce the size of the bears ears national monument in utah - a move that drew quick fire from conservationists but was supported by mining and drilling interests. the 1.35 million acre (5
" (in this june 9 story
"washington (reuters) - u.s. interior secretary ryan zinke is due to make a recommendation to the white house on saturday on whether to rescind or resize utah’s bears ears monument
"washington (reuters) - having republicans control both the white house and congress could deliver more federal funds to charter schools and also create competition for dollars from alternative approaches to education
"san francisco/washington (reuters) - president donald trump suffered another legal setback on monday as a second federal appeals court refused to revive his travel ban on people entering the united states from six muslim-majority nations in a dispute headed to the u.s. supreme court. the san francisco-based 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals  used narrow grounds to reject the trump administration’s bid to undo a hawaii federal judge’s decision blocking the temporary ban. it said the republican president’s march 6 order violated existing immigration law. but the three-judge panel - all democratic appointees - did not address whether it was unconstitutional discrimination against muslims. a second court
"new york/san juan (reuters) - puerto rico’s governor on monday said the island’s vote in favor of becoming a u.s. state
 district of columbia sue over payments to trump hotels"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday struck down a gender distinction in u.s. immigration law that treats mothers and fathers differently when determining a child’s citizenship
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeals court is set to rule on monday on whether to uphold president donald trump’s temporary travel ban
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on monday that he planned to hold a news conference in two weeks to discuss the u.s.-led coalition’s fight against the islamic state militant group. trump
"san juan (reuters) - the economically struggling u.s. island territory of puerto rico voted overwhelmingly on sunday in favor of becoming the 51st state
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration intends to unveil this week a plan to trim regulations it believes constrain u.s. manufacturing growth
 u.s. deny that trump state visit delayed"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions said in a letter on saturday that he will appear before the senate intelligence committee on tuesday to address matters former fbi director james comey brought up this week in testimony to the same panel. in a letter seen by reuters
"chicago (reuters) - buoyed by the british labour party election gains this week
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump plans to nominate brian brooks
 willing to respond under oath"
"(reuters) - the u.s. department of justice on friday called for the dismissal of a lawsuit alleging president donald trump violated the constitution by accepting foreign payments at his hotels. the lawsuit
 trump backs nato mutual defense under charter"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is expected to visit miami as early as next friday to announce a new cuba policy that could tighten rules on trade and travel
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate nathan sales
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate dawn deberry stump
"(reuters) - former fbi director james comey’s dramatic testimony before congress on thursday brought big audiences to u.s. broadcast and cable networks
 dodd-frank repeal
"(reuters) - new york’s attorney general is looking into a report that the eric trump foundation funneled more than $1 million from charity golf tournaments into president donald trump’s business
"fort lauderdale
"washington (reuters) - a group of republican lawmakers sent a letter to president donald trump on friday urging him not to reverse former president barack obama’s opening to cuba even as white house aides moved closer to completing a plan that could tighten rules on trade and travel to the island. with the cuba policy review approaching its final stages
"(reuters) - civil rights groups have sued missouri to prevent its new voter identification law from interfering with a local special election next month
"washington (reuters) - the leaders of the house of representatives intelligence committee’s investigation of russia and the 2016 u.s. election said on friday they had written to former fbi director james comey to request any notes or memoranda related to discussions with president donald trump. republican representative mike conaway and democratic representative adam schiff said they had also written to don mcgahn
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will visit poland ahead of next month’s g20 summit in germany
"(reuters) - in september 2014
 has funding plan"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s social media director dan scavino broke the law in april in calling for trump supporters to defeat a republican congressman at the polls
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump denied on friday that he had told then-fbi chief james comey he hoped comey could let go an  investigation into a former national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - an already contentious move by republican president donald trump to block opposition democratic lawmakers from getting information about his administration received its most scathing criticism yet on friday - from one of the most powerful republican members of the u.s. senate. judiciary committee chairman chuck grassley of iowa
"washington (reuters) - members of the house freedom caucus called on congressional leaders friday to introduce a formal tax reform proposal by the end of july
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday said testimony by former fbi chief james comey showed that he had not attempted to obstruct justice in conversations the two officials held. “yesterday showed no collusion
"(reuters) - delaware’s governor has signed into law a bill ensuring abortion remains legal in the state
"washington (reuters) - new york state’s attorney general and 12 other top state law enforcement officials said on friday they would mount a vigorous court challenge to any effort to roll back vehicle emission rules by the trump administration.  in march
"washington (reuters) - the democratic leader in the u.s. house of representatives said on friday there was no question president donald trump abused his power in interactions with former fbi director james comey but she said it remained to be see if he had obstructed justice. speaking to reporters a day after comey testified to the senate intelligence panel
 congress republicans nearing key tax overhaul decisions"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump spoke by phone on friday with egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi to discuss qatar and the need for gulf unity
"washington (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross is likely to impose a new sugar trade deal with mexico even if final revisions to it fail to win support from the u.s. industry
"united nations (reuters) - the united states wants to cut $1 billion from the total united nations peacekeeping budget for the year from july 1 to shave over 10 percent off washington’s share of the bill following calls by president donald trump for u.s. funding to be slashed. the proposal by the largest u.n. contributor is an opening bid in negotiations by the 193-member general assembly budget committee
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on friday pledged new efforts to speed approvals for highways and other projects as part of his proposal for a $1 trillion boost to fix aging u.s. infrastructure. at the u.s. transportation department
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat in the u.s. house of representatives said on friday that she hopes congress will pass legislation raising the u.s. debt ceiling by the end of july without making the issue a major topic of debate or linking its passage to other measures. house democratic leader nancy pelosi told a briefing she didn’t believe the u.s. debt ceiling should be held hostage to political considerations
 source says"
"new york (reuters) - former fbi director james comey’s long-anticipated congressional testimony set off a social media storm on thursday with millions of people jumping into the fray but there was one notable absence - the tweeter in chief himself. president donald trump’s ordinarily red-hot twitter handle
"moscow (reuters) - russia may seize u.s. diplomatic property in moscow and complicate life for an anglo-american school unless washington hands back two diplomatic compounds in the united states before july
"(reuters) - montana republican congressman-elect greg gianforte is expected next week to enter a plea of no contest or a plea of guilty to misdemeanor assault after he was accused of attacking a reporter on the eve of his election
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director james comey accused president donald trump on thursday of firing him to try to undermine the agency’s investigation of possible collusion by trump’s campaign with russia’s alleged efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election. in the most eagerly anticipated u.s. congressional hearing in years
"(reuters) - former fbi director james comey said on thursday that he gave a memo describing his conversations with u.s. president donald trump to a “close friend” and told him to share its contents with a reporter
 but damaged by comey's testimony"
 slams leak"
"washington (reuters) - throughout the drama of his u.s. senate testimony on thursday
 as comey takes spotlight
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives voted on thursday to replace the 2010 dodd-frank wall street reform law
"washington (reuters) - anthony scaramucci
"(reuters) - former fbi director james comey testified before the u.s. senate intelligence committee on june 8 about russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election. president donald trump’s abrupt firing of comey on may 9 renewed attention to allegations by u.s. intelligence agencies that russia interfered in the election to benefit trump. it also raised questions about the motivations behind comey’s dismissal. the following describes what is publicly known and not known about u.s. investigations into meddling and possible collusion between russia and members of the trump campaign: how did the investigations begin? former president barack obama ordered u.s. intelligence agencies to assess whether russia tried to intervene in the  election after a cyber attack on the democratic national committee in july 2016 and the publication of thousands of hacked personal emails from hillary clinton’s campaign manager in the month before the nov. 8 election. obama told intelligence officials to deliver a report on possible foreign interference before he left the white house in january 2017. what did the intelligence agencies find?  the central intelligence agency
"(reuters) - kansas secretary of state kris kobach
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin will raise the issue of defense spending during his trip to ottawa on friday
"(reuters) - former fbi director james comey on thursday accused the trump administration of defaming him
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on thursday it was concerned that a non-binding independence referendum planned this year in iraq’s autonomous kurdish region will distract from “more urgent priorities” such as the defeat of islamic state militants. while saying it appreciated the “legitimate aspirations” of the people of iraqi kurdistan
 others shrug at u.s. bar 'watch parties'"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross said on thursday that a national security review of the u.s. steel industry will be completed “very shortly” and will seek to protect the interests of both domestic steel producers and consumers. ross told a senate appropriations subcommittee hearing that he believes there is “a genuine national security issue that must be considered in this case
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is committed to ensuring that u.s. elections are conducted fairly and protected from interference from anyone
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump disputes two key points in the written testimony provided by former fbi director james comey
"washington (reuters) - former fbi chief james comey said on thursday that he found the shifting explanations for why president donald trump had fired him both confusing and concerning. “when i was appointed fbi director in 2013
"washington (reuters) - the head of the senate intelligence committee said on thursday that americans deserved to hear from both former fbi chief james comey and president donald trump as investigations proceed into alleged russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election. “the american people need to hear your side of the story
 trump appears to threaten job: warner"
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director james comey said on wednesday that u.s. president donald trump asked him to drop an investigation of former national security adviser michael flynn as part of a probe into russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election. in written testimony released the day before he appears before the senate intelligence committee
"(reuters) - following is the full text of former fbi director james comey’s testimony as prepared for delivery to the u.s. senate intelligence committee. comey is scheduled to testify at 10 a.m. (1400 gmt) on thursday as part of the committee’s investigation into u.s. intelligence agency allegations that russia tried to interfere with the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by president donald trump’s campaign. russia has denied the allegations and trump denies any collusion.  the committee posted comey’s opening statement on its website on wednesday: “chairman burr
"new york (reuters) - former fbi director james comey’s testimony that u.s. president donald trump expected loyalty and hoped comey would drop an investigation of a former top aide could bolster obstruction of justice allegations against trump
"washington (reuters) - aides to u.s. president donald trump are urging him not to fire  attorney general jeff sessions despite rifts between the two  men
"chicago (reuters) - illinois must increase payments to medicaid providers despite an ongoing budget impasse
"(reuters) - legislation to allow michigan gun owners to carry a concealed handgun without a permit was approved in the state house of representatives on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. bars are offering $5 russian vodka drinks
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday ended a fraught month-long search for an fbi chief after firing james comey by selecting christopher wray
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump’s pick for fbi chief
"washington/new york (reuters) - the u.s. congress may be headed for a reckoning with the federal debt limit within weeks
"(reuters) - former fbi director james comey detailed his private conversations with president donald trump in written testimony submitted to the senate select committee on intelligence and made public on wednesday
"seattle (reuters) - hawaii has become the first u.s. state to enact legislation to bring its environmental standards in line with the paris climate accord
"(reuters) - connecticut’s senate passed a bill wednesday morning that could allow the state to buy power from dominion energy inc’s millstone nuclear power plant. earlier this week
"cincinnati
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is pleased that fired fbi director james comey confirmed in prepared congressional testimony that trump was not under investigation in the probe of alleged russian meddling in the u.s. election
"(reuters) - automakers could help prevent accidental deaths of small children left in hot cars by installing devices to remind drivers to check their back seats for passengers before getting out
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government might expand a ban on larger electronics like laptops in airplane cabins to flights originating from dozens of airports in europe
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the u.s. senate intelligence committee said on wednesday there was “more investigating to do” after top intelligence officials declined to answer questions about whether president donald trump attempted to interfere in the investigation of alleged russian meddling in the u.s. election. “our intelligence leaders could have laid allegations against (trump) to rest. they chose not to and didn’t explain why they wouldn’t answer
"(reuters) - former fbi director james comey will testify to the u.s. senate intelligence committee on thursday about russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election.  president donald trump’s abrupt firing of comey on may 9 renewed attention to allegations by u.s. intelligence agencies that russia interfered in the election to benefit trump. it also raised questions about the motivations behind comey’s dismissal.  the following describes what is publicly known and not known about u.s. investigations into meddling and possible collusion between russia and members of the trump campaign:  how did the investigations begin? former president barack obama ordered u.s. intelligence agencies to assess whether russia tried to intervene in the election after a cyber attack on the democratic national committee in july 2016 and the publication of thousands of hacked personal emails from hillary clinton’s campaign manager in the month before the nov. 8 election. obama told intelligence officials to deliver a report on possible foreign interference before he left the white house in january 2017.  what did the intelligence agencies find? the central intelligence agency
"austin
' urges congress to act"
"(reuters) - the u.s. labor department on wednesday said it was rescinding the obama administration’s standard for determining when companies are “joint employers” of contract and franchise workers
"(reuters) - missouri’s republican governor on wednesday said he will convene a special legislative session next week to consider new abortion regulations and counter a local st. louis law he said made it an “abortion sanctuary city.” the session
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senators from both parties this week have criticized the trump administration’s decision that government agencies do not have to provide information to democratic lawmakers
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s selection of jeffrey bossert clark to be the justice department’s top environmental lawyer has raised concerns by gulf coast environmental groups as he was the lawyer for international oil company bp plc in the aftermath of the company’s 2010 drilling rig explosion.   trump named clark on wednesday to be assistant attorney general for environment at the department of justice
"new york/washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department on wednesday said it is barring legal settlements in federal investigations that include donating funds to community organizations or other third-party groups
"(reuters) - kansas governor sam brownback on wednesday criticized the state legislature for overriding his veto of a bill that hikes income tax rates to plug budget holes
 eyes new russia sanctions"
 intel chiefs want to make digital spying law permanent"
 'i need loyalty. i expect loyalty'"
"washington (reuters) - the united states’ top transportation official on wednesday promoted the trump administration’s proposed privatization of the air traffic control system in the face of criticism from democratic lawmakers and some republicans. “our air traffic organization must be more nimble
"san francisco (reuters) - russian hacking of the 2016 u.s. election included sophisticated targeting of state officials responsible for voter rolls and voting procedures
"washington (reuters) - conservative republicans in the u.s. house of representatives have taken a hard-line stance on yet another issue: the august recess. the house freedom caucus
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate finance committee chairman orrin hatch said on wednesday it is not yet clear how big a tax cut congress can deliver through tax reform
 intelligence director won't comment on trump conversations"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on wednesday did not rule out attaching amendments to legislation that would increase the nation’s debt ceiling. asked if the bill could include legislative add-ons aimed at luring lawmaker votes
"washington (reuters) - leaders of the u.s. house of representatives probe of alleged russian interference in the 2016 u.s. election said on tuesday their investigation was continuing
"sydney (reuters) - the watergate scandal pales in comparison to events in washington surrounding u.s. president donald trump and alleged links between his campaign and russia
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will make remarks on health care later on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - white house economic adviser gary cohn said on wednesday he expected the u.s. congress to get tax reform done this year
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump pressed republican congressional leaders on tuesday to complete their overhaul of the u.s. healthcare system as lawmakers said they were making progress on a contentious effort that threatens to overwhelm their legislative agenda.  in a white house meeting
"los angeles (reuters) - documentary filmmaker and liberal activist michael moore  launched a website called “trumpileaks” on tuesday to allow whistleblowers to securely leak information to him about u.s. president donald trump and his administration. “patriotic americans in government
"new york (reuters) - new jersey’s republican lieutenant governor and a former investment banker running as a democrat will head to a november face-off to succeed two-term republican governor chris christie
"(reuters) - alaska governor bill walker urged state legislatures on tuesday to compromise on a budget in order to avoid an unprecedented government shutdown next month. the state has a multibillion dollar deficit that must be sorted before july 1
"washington (reuters) - former fbi chief james comey will likely hold back from accusing president donald trump of trying to interfere with an  investigation into links between trump’s election campaign team and russian officials when he testifies in congress this week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. education secretary betsy devos faced hostile questions from a senate committee on tuesday as she tried to win lawmakers over to president donald trump’s proposal to slash her department’s funding by 13 percent. devos
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump had a brief message for former fbi director james comey on tuesday ahead of comey’s thursday testimony to the u.s. congress on his conversations with trump about russia.”i wish him luck
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. education department has left thousands of student-loan borrowers who were defrauded by corinthian colleges inc in limbo by prolonging a process created by the obama administration that was supposed to speedily cancel their debts
"(reuters) - u.s. patent and trademark office director michelle lee
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress is working on national self-driving vehicle legislation that could replace state-by state rules and make it easier for automakers to test and deploy the technology
"washington (reuters) - a free-speech institute on tuesday sent a letter to president donald trump demanding the prolific tweeter unblock certain twitter (twtr.n) users on grounds the practice violates the first amendment of the u.s. constitution. trump’s @realdonaldtrump account recently blocked a number of accounts that replied to his tweets with commentary that criticized
"austin
 says foreign secretary"
"chicago (reuters) - a u.s. judge could determine as soon as tuesday whether illinois’ obligation to make payments to medicaid providers under a federal consent decree takes precedence over state-mandated payments for debt service
 he is still freeing thousands of migrants"
"washington (reuters) - republican officials from 16 u.s. states led by texas said on tuesday they have come to the defense of president donald trump’s ban on travelers from six muslim-majority nations
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on tuesday that the trump administration’s approach to improving its economic relationship with china prioritizes specific issues rather than a bilateral investment agreement. “i think what we’re looking for is
"washington (reuters) - about 60 small business owners and a representative from retailer big lots will hold meetings with members of congress this week in an effort to oppose a proposed ‘border adjustment tax’
 minister says"
"wellington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump told his top diplomat that the dispute over probes into links between his inner circle and russia should not undermine u.s. efforts to rebuild relations with moscow
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has opted not to set up a “war room” in the white house to serve as a rapid-response team to answer accusations involving an investigation into his campaign’s ties to russia
"washington (reuters) - mexican economy secretary ildefonso guajardo said on tuesday that the north american free trade agreement’s rules of origin can be improved but denied that mexico was a “back door” for chinese goods to enter the united states. speaking in a live interview on cnbc
 mexico nearing deal on sugar: mexico's guajardo"
"woodbridge
"moscow (reuters) - accusations that russian intelligence services were seeking to hack u.s. voting equipment as part of a broader effort to interfere in the u.s. presidential election are false and unfounded
"washington (reuters) - david rank
 tax reform in fall"
"london (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump once again criticized london mayor sadiq khan on monday over his response to a deadly attack on the city
"washington (reuters) - the husband of white house adviser kellyanne conway criticized president donald trump’s tweets about the administration’s temporary travel ban on monday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump outlined a plan on monday to privatize the u.s. air traffic control system to modernize it and lower flying costs
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will not invoke executive privilege to block former fbi director james comey’s much-anticipated testimony before congress this week
"cairo (reuters) - personnel assigned to the u.s. mission in egypt are prohibited from visiting religious sites outside greater cairo until further notice
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will meet with panamanian president juan carlos varela at the white house on june 19
"detroit/washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration will unveil revised self-driving guidelines within the next few months
"(reuters) - a federal appeals court on monday refused to reconsider its recent decision upholding former illinois governor rod blagojevich’s corruption conviction and 14-year prison term. the order from the 7th u.s. circuit court of appeals in chicago likely ends blagojevich’s chance for a new trial or shorter sentence unless he can persuade the u.s. supreme court to take up his case
"new york/washington (reuters) - president donald trump accused his own justice department on monday of watering down his temporary travel ban on people from several predominantly muslim countries
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday faulted north carolina again in a racially tinged voting rights case
"washington (reuters) - former new york city mayor michael bloomberg submitted a statement to the united nations on monday that over 1
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday ruled that church-affiliated hospital systems do not have to comply with a federal law governing employee pensions
 russia: source"
"princeton
 trump struggles to gain traction on agenda"
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director james comey will be grilled on whether president donald trump tried to get him to back off an investigation into alleged ties between the trump campaign and russia
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump came under fire on sunday for criticizing london’s mayor in the aftermath of attacks in the city that killed seven people and injured at least 48 others. in a tweet
"frankfurt (reuters) - germany’s largest bank has failed to respond to a request from democrats on a u.s. house of representatives panel for details about u.s. president donald trump’s possible ties to russia
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin hardly spoke at all with former u.s. national security adviser michael flynn when they sat together at a moscow dinner in 2015
"london (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump tweeted on sunday about a militant attack in london which killed seven people
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump does not plan to invoke executive privilege as a way to block former fbi director james comey from testifying to congress next week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence on saturday urged the republican-controlled congress to complete the job of dismantling obamacare this summer and move on quickly to another big-ticket item on president donald trump’s agenda: tax cuts. speaking days before lawmakers return to washington amid doubts about their ability to agree on legislation
 dials up pressure on south china sea"
 some republican lawmakers split from trump on key issues"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration has begun returning to congress copies of a voluminous 2014 report describing the cia’s harsh detention and interrogation programs
"cambridge
 seeks deeper alliance"
"(reuters) - former federal bureau of investigation director james comey will testify on june 8 before a congressional committee investigating russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election. comey is expected to tell the senate intelligence committee that president donald trump asked him to drop an investigation into former white house national security adviser michael flynn’s ties to russia. trump fired comey on may 9.  legal experts say that trump could invoke a doctrine called executive privilege to try to stop comey from testifying. but such a maneuver would draw a backlash and could be challenged in court
"washington (reuters) - white house officials said on friday they did not know yet whether president donald trump would seek to block former fbi director james comey from testifying to congress next week
"(reuters) - texas governor greg abbott has signed into law a more relaxed version of state voter-identification requirements than a previously enacted measure struck down by u.s. courts as racially discriminatory. the new measure was designed to remedy flaws the courts found in the original law by providing texans an alternative to the type of government-issued photo id they had been required to present in order to vote at polling stations. voters will now be permitted to cast their ballots by furnishing some other documentation bearing their name and address
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump plans to nominate richard spencer
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s picks for two open spots on the federal reserve’s board of governors may push for tighter monetary policy if they receive the senate confirmation needed to join the fed’s rate-setting panel
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. environmental protection agency
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump faces an uphill fight convincing the supreme court it should grant his emergency request to reinstate his travel ban on people entering the united states from six predominantly muslim countries. his legal team on thursday night asked the nine justices to allow his controversial march 6 executive order to take effect immediately despite being blocked by lower courts. the supreme court rarely grants emergency requests. at issue is a ban trump has said is necessary to protect americans from terrorist attacks. critics say his reasoning is flawed and assail the ban as discriminatory. trump’s proposed ban was a centerpiece of his 2016 presidential campaign. the fight over the emergency application is likely to determine whether the ban ever takes effect. that is because if the court grants the request
"washington (reuters) - robert mueller
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday asked the u.s. supreme court to revive his executive order that temporarily bans travelers from six muslim-majority nations: iran
"new york (reuters) - new york lawyer george conway
"(reuters) - new york governor andrew cuomo on friday said he would invest in renewable energy projects and expand wind and solar use in an effort to create as many as 40
"los angeles (reuters) - comedian kathy griffin tearfully apologized in a friday press conference for posing with a fake bloodied and severed head depicting u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat in the u.s. house of representatives said on friday congress should promptly raise the federal debt limit
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is still looking for a new fbi director more than three weeks after he fired james comey
 says u.s. spies may have faked hacking evidence"
 u.s. intel chiefs to testify on surveillance"
"(reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives will vote on a broad bill to reform and repeal portions of the 2010 dodd-frank financial reform law next week
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director james comey will testify next thursday before a u.s. senate panel investigating russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 u.s. election
"st petersburg
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s top economic adviser on friday said the nation’s withdrawal from the paris climate accord will help keep energy markets competitive
 angers allies by abandoning global climate pact"
 university officials say"
"moscow (reuters) - russia said on friday it was still likely to back the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change despite the u.s. withdrawal from the pact
"new delhi (reuters) - india remains committed to the paris agreement to tackle climate change regardless of what other countries do
"london (reuters) - bhp
"brussels (reuters) - the paris climate agreement cannot be renegotiated as u.s. president donald trump has suggested it can
"berlin (reuters) - the german government is not considering sanctions against the united states after u.s. president donald trump sparked outrage around the world by deciding to withdraw from the paris climate agreement
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel pledged her country’s continued commitment to the paris climate agreement in the wake of u.s. president donald trump’s withdrawal
"moscow (reuters) - the paris climate deal is unworkable without the participation of the united states
"berlin (reuters) - german environment minister barbara hendricks said on friday she expected other countries would press ahead with the paris global climate deal after u.s. president donald trump announced he would pull the united states out of the landmark pact. “regrettable though the american decision is
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director james comey will testify before the senate intelligence committee on june 8 as part of its probe into alleged russian meddling in the u.s. presidential election and possible collusion with president donald trump’s campaign
"berlin (reuters) - german industry associations on friday criticized u.s. president donald trump’s decision to withdraw from a landmark agreement to fight climate change
 iger to quit trump advisory councils after paris accord decision"
"paris (reuters) - france
beijing (reuters) - china said on friday it would stick to its commitment to fight climate change after president donald trump said he would withdraw the united states from the landmark 2015 paris global agreement to curb climate change. foreign ministry spokeswoman hua chunying made the comment at a daily news briefing in beijing. trump’s move fulfilled a major campaign pledge but drew condemnation from u.s. allies and business leaders. 
"shanghai (reuters) - china’s state news agency xinhua described u.s. president donald trump’s decision to withdraw from the paris climate accord as a “global setback” and rejected trump’s claim that it would lead to many more jobs in america. in a commentary published on friday
"new york/washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday withdrawing the country from the paris climate accord would stave off an economic crisis and protect american jobs - but many american companies seemed to disagree. criticism of his decision rolled in from blue-chip companies like facebook inc
"tokyo (reuters) - japan said on friday the decision by the united states to withdraw from the paris climate accord was “regrettable” and that climate change required a concerted effort by the whole of the international community. “japan believes the leadership of the developed countries to be of great importance (on climate issues)
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. environmental protection agency plans to offer some employees a buyout program to reduce staff
"washington (reuters) - three democratic lawmakers sent a letter to the president of kushner companies on thursday seeking information related to concerns that the real estate firm has exploited jared kushner’s role as a white house adviser to attract investment through a federal immigration program.  jared kushner
 anti-globalists"
 other states vow to lead as trump exits paris climate pact"
 supporters seek new deal"
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron on thursday categorically ruled out any renegotiation of the paris climate accord and said u.s. president donald trump’s decision to withdraw would harm american interests and citizens.  macron
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may told president donald trump that she was “disappointed” by his decision to pull the united states out of the paris climate accord
"havana/washington (reuters) - u.s. cruise operators and airlines stand to lose around $712 million in annual revenues if the trump administration fully reinstates restrictions on travel to cuba
"(reuters) - goldman sachs group inc chief executive officer lloyd blankfein criticized the united states’ decision to withdraw from the paris climate deal in his first message on twitter inc since joining the platform six years ago. “today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the u.s.’s leadership position in the world
 macron
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on thursday he was confident that congress would raise the federal debt limit  “before there’s an issue” with u.s. creditworthiness
 italy
"washington (reuters) - the white house’s budget chief came under fire on thursday from democrats and others over his attack on the budget research office of the u.s. congress
"united nations (reuters) - the united states’ decision to withdraw from the landmark paris climate agreement was a “major disappointment for global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and promote global security
"paris (reuters) - president emmanuel macron told u.s. president donald trump that the paris climate deal could not be renegotiated and that while france would continue to work with washington
 not help"
"paris (reuters) - the mayor of paris
 will seek other allies"
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. president barack obama on thursday criticized his successor donald trump’s decision to withdraw from the landmark paris climate agreement but voiced confidence that u.s. states and businesses will work harder to protect the planet. “even in the absence of american leadership; even as this administration joins a small handful of nations that reject the future; i’m confident that our states
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. federal communications commission said thursday it will take up a proposal this month to revise its rules to allow law enforcement personnel to identify threatening callers
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump signed a temporary order on thursday to keep the u.s. embassy in israel in tel aviv instead of relocating it to jerusalem
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house intelligence committee’s top democrat on thursday accused panel chairman devin nunes of violating his recusal from its russia probe by issuing three subpoenas to u.s. security and other officials. “commitments to recuse himself have not been fully honored
"london (reuters) - brexit campaigner nigel farage is a “person of interest” in the u.s. investigation into possible collusion between russia and donald trump’s presidential campaign
berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel described the paris climate accord as an “essential” pact on thursday and said she was pleased that many other governments took the same view. u.s. president donald trump will announce later on thursday his decision on whether to keep the united states in the landmark global pact to fight climate change. a source close to the matter said he was preparing to pull out of the accord. 
"berlin (reuters) - a decision by u.s. president donald trump to withdraw from the paris climate agreement would not send a good signal for a separate deal agreed last year that seeks to curb aviation emissions
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel on thursday expressed disappointment at the decision of u.s. president donald trump to sign a waiver to delay relocating the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem from tel aviv but said it hoped a move could take place later. “though israel is disappointed that the embassy will not move at this time
"brussels (reuters) - the european union said on thursday it had made its position on climate change clear and was not engaged in last-minute lobbying of the trump administration to keep the united states aboard the paris climate accord. u.s. president donald trump is due to announce later on thursday if he will quit the global climate deal. the group of seven summit in italy on friday and saturday revealed a clear split between trump and the other leaders over honoring the 2015 agreement.  “i don’t think there was any need for more contacts since ... world leaders were together for two days at a summit in an idyllic place
 liberals urge supreme court conservative kennedy to stay"
"vatican city (reuters) - the vatican
"washington/cairo (reuters) - egypt defended on thursday a new law on non-governmental organizations that three u.s. republican senators have called “draconian” and a sign of “a growing crackdown on human rights and peaceful dissent”. un high commissioner for human rights zeid ra’ad al hussein also criticized the law
 partisan politics send budget battle into overtime"
"berlin (reuters) - if president donald trump quits the paris climate agreement
"new york (reuters) - the trump administration’s crackdown on illegal immigrants will likely weaken overall u.s. consumer spending and economic growth as those targeted for arrest increasingly choose to stay home and save more
"new york (reuters) - weak recent inflation readings are a worry and suggest the federal reserve will make only “uneven” and slow progress toward its 2-percent goal
 including social media checks"
"washington/seattle (reuters) - u.s. companies signed business deals with vietnam worth over $8 billion on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump talked trade with vietnamese prime minister nguyen xuan phuc during a white house visit on wednesday and welcomed the signing of business deals worth billions of dollars and the jobs they would create. the u.s. commerce department announced 13 new transactions with vietnam worth $8 billion
"the white house on wednesday disclosed a group of former lobbyists working in president donald trump’s administration who have been issued ethics waivers
"(reuters) - former vice president joe biden will announce on thursday the formation of a political action committee (pac)
"los angeles (reuters) - cnn fired comedian kathy griffin from its annual new year’s eve broadcast on wednesday after she drew strong criticism for posing in photographs holding up the likeness of a bloody
 fbi"
"port-au-prince (reuters) - u.s. homeland security secretary john kelly on wednesday said he was open to discussing letting more than 50
"rancho palos verdes
 touts ex-adviser page over fbi
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is expected this week to delay relocating the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem from tel aviv
 houston pension bills"
"oslo (reuters) - the united states could influence or even disrupt work by other nations to combat climate change until late 2020 even if president donald trump quits a global agreement
"washington (reuters) - former naacp president ben jealous said on wednesday he would seek the democratic nomination for maryland governor next year
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump told reporters on wednesday that he will announce his decision “very soon” on whether he will withdraw the united states from the paris climate deal. responding to shouted questions from reporters in the oval office
"washington (reuters) - the white house will said on wednesday it would refer all questions about investigations into russia’s contacts with president donald trump’s aides to the president’s outside attorney. “going forward all questions on these matters will be referred to outside counsel marc kasowitz
"washington (reuters) - white house spokesman sean spicer declined on wednesday to say whether president donald trump has decided to withdraw from the paris accord to fight climate change
"washington (reuters) - veterans affairs secretary david shulkin urged congress on wednesday to pass a law that would let him respond more quickly to employee misconduct
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director james comey plans to confirm reports that president donald trump pressured him to drop an investigation into former national security adviser michael flynn’s ties to russia in congressional testimony
"berlin (reuters) - the german government does not know what u.s. president donald trump has decided on the paris climate agreement
"london (reuters) - reports that donald trump is about to quit the paris accord drew calls on wednesday for other countries to rally round the climate pact
"brussels (reuters) - the european union’s executive has not been forewarned about a possible u.s. withdrawal from the global deal on fighting climate change
"(reuters) - president donald trump will follow through on a campaign pledge to pull the united states out of a global pact to fight climate change
"berlin (reuters) - europe must make clear to the united states that quitting the paris climate agreement is not a straightforward process
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is considering taking steps to broaden the obamacare limits on claiming a religious or moral exemption from providing health insurance that covers birth control
"paris (reuters) - the paris climate change deal does not infringe on u.s. sovereignty
"helsinki (reuters) - if the united states withdraws from the paris climate deal
"brussels (reuters) - a withdrawal by the united states from the paris climate deal would be disappointing but the european union stood ready to take global leadership on this issue
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s communications director is leaving the job
"washington (reuters) - former white house national security adviser michael flynn has told the senate intelligence committee he will begin turning over some documents subpoenaed by the panel
 minister stress u.s. ties after critical trump tweet"
 merkel 'get along very well'"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house intelligence committee has not issued a subpoena to president donald trump’s personal lawyer
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on tuesday was scheduled to interview two candidates to replace james comey as head of the fbi
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson has authorized the state department to notify congress of the trump administration’s sale of precision-guided munitions for saudi arabia to use in its yemen campaign
 push healthcare and tax reforms"
"washington (reuters) - congressional investigations into alleged russian meddling into the 2016 u.s. election and potential ties to president donald trump’s associates have expanded to include his personal attorney
 will improve"
"washington (reuters) - facebook (fb.o)
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday agreed to hear ohio’s appeal of a lower court ruling that blocked the republican-led state’s policy of purging people from voter-registration lists if they do not regularly cast ballots because it violated federal law. civil liberties advocates who challenged ohio’s policy said it illegally erased voters from registration rolls and unlawfully disenfranchised minorities and poor people who tend to back democratic candidates. the justices will review a u.s. appeals court ruling that ohio’s policy ran afoul of a 1993 law called the national voter registration act
"shanghai (reuters) - the chairman of the senate judiciary committee has called for an investigation into “potentially fraudulent statements and misrepresentations” made by companies promoting investment in a property development involving the family company of white house advisor jared kushner. citing a may 12 report by reuters
"sydney (reuters) - china is behaving like a “bully” with its militarization of islands in the south china sea
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is nearing completion of a policy review to determine how far it goes in rolling back former president barack obama’s engagement with cuba and could make an announcement next month
 tempers flare over immigration crackdown"
"melbourne (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain said russian president vladimir putin is a bigger threat to global security than isis
"washington (reuters) - secretary of state rex tillerson has declined a request to host an event to mark islam’s holy month of ramadan
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump attacked the news media and dismissed leaks from the white house as “fake news” on sunday
"washington (reuters) - the united states might ban laptops from aircraft cabins on all flights into and out of the country as part of a ramped-up effort to protect against potential security threats
"taormina
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s son-in-law and close adviser
"sigonella
"(reuters) - zbigniew brzezinski
"washington (reuters) - the fate of president donald trump’s order to ban travelers from six predominantly muslim nations
"taormina
"austin
"washington (reuters) - a russian oligarch once close to paul manafort
"washington (reuters) - the white house will comply with a request from the u.s. government’s ethics agency to provide information on which former lobbyists are working in the administration
"washington (reuters) - the senate intelligence committee
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration’s call for an opening of u.s. national monuments to economic development has drawn 107
 trump to set up 'war room' to repel attacks over russia probe"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s time in office has been a “complete disaster” aside from foreign affairs
 kennedy was a high-school prankster"
"wellesley
"bozeman
"london (reuters) - the united states government takes full responsibility for leaks of the british police investigation into monday’s deadly bomb attack in manchester which killed 22 people
" (corrects comey firing to may 9 in fifth paragraph.) washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s son-in-law
 u.s. appeals court refuses to reinstate travel ban"
"washington (reuters) - the united states issued about 50 percent fewer visitor visas in april to citizens of seven countries covered by president donald trump’s temporary travel bans than it did in an average month last year
 says they owe 'massive' sums"
"havana/washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of u.s. senators reintroduced legislation on thursday to repeal all restrictions on travel to cuba
"washington (reuters) - missing from president donald trump’s budget proposal this week was an annual report
"(reuters) - the american civil liberties union sued the u.s. department of homeland security in federal court on thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers introduced legislation on thursday seeking to stop at least a portion of president donald trump’s sale of weapons to saudi arabia. republican rand paul and democrats chris murphy and al franken introduced a resolution of disapproval in the senate to force a vote on whether to block part of the sale. the senate foreign relations committee received formal notice of the pending sale on may 19. the arms export control act of 1976 allows a senator to force a vote on an arms sale
"sigonella
"washington (reuters) - the federal bureau of investigation has declined for now to give the house oversight committee documents it had requested regarding communications between former fbi chief james comey and president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. senator and democratic vice presidential candidate joe lieberman has withdrawn from consideration to be the next director of the fbi
" (this version of the may 24 story corrects paragraph 9 to add reference to white house waiver) washington (reuters) - a week after president donald trump said he was close to picking a new fbi director to replace the one he fired
"washington (reuters) - republican and democratic u.s. congressmen introduced a bill on thursday that would ban americans from traveling to north korea as tourists and require them to obtain special permission for other types of visits. democrat adam schiff and republican joe wilson said their proposed north korea travel control act followed the detention of at least 17 americans in north korea in the past decade. north korea has a record of using detained americans to extract high-profile visits from the united states
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump muscled himself to the front of the world stage in brussels on thursday
 'blunt' on spending demands"
"washington (reuters) - banks were regrouping on thursday
 varied differences remain"
 belgium shows melania the surreal"
 macron engage in a little handshake diplomacy"
' trump told macron
"washington (reuters) - former cia director john brennan said on tuesday it became clear last summer that russia was attempting to interfere in the u.s. presidential election
"washington (reuters) - former cia director john brennan said on monday there was enough contact between americans and russian officials during the 2016 u.s. election that there was definitely grounds for an investigation into possible collusion with moscow
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the u.s. senate foreign relations committee said on thursday the panel could take up a bill as soon as this summer to impose new sanctions on russia over its alleged interference in the 2016 u.s. presidential election. senator bob corker said the panel could move forward on sanctions after hearing from u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson. some members of the committee
 at nato
"washington (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross said on thursday that a $5.5 million increase requested for the agency’s enforcement budget this year will have a “real impact” in cracking down on unfair trade practices and export security violations. ross told a house appropriations subcommittee that an additional $4.5 million requested by the trump administration for the international trade administration’s enforcement and compliance section will fund 29 new positions whose primary focus will be the self-initiation of antidumping and antisubsidy investigations. ross has pledged to have the commerce department take the lead in launching trade cases on behalf of industries that lack the resources or the organization to pursue them.  “we will ensure that no country or foreign corporation can take unfair advantage of u.s. markets
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate foreign relations committee backed legislation on thursday that would impose new sanctions on iran over its ballistic missile development
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump stands united with other nato countries in defending all members of the western military alliance
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is particularly hopeful it can reach a bipartisan tax deal when it comes overhauling laws for business taxes
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. president trump vowed on thursday to bring anyone caught leaking u.s. intelligence to justice after british police stopped sharing information about the manchester suicide bombing with the united states. in a statement released after trump arrived at the nato military alliance
' will stop: u.s. envoy"
 trump organization not tracking all profits from foreign governments"
"missoula
"(reuters) - montana republican congressional candidate greg gianforte was cited for a misdemeanor on wednesday after a reporter accused him of physical assault on the eve of a special election to fill the state’s lone seat in the u.s. house of representatives. the gallatin county sheriff’s office issued gianforte a citation for misdemeanor assault
"washington (reuters) - senior russian intelligence and political officials discussed how to influence donald trump through his advisers according to information gathered by american spies last summer
 23 million would lose health coverage: watchdog"
 love the agenda: mcconnell on trump"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. treasury is reviewing licenses for boeing co and airbus to sell aircraft to iran
"washington (reuters) - u.s. spies learned last summer that russian officials discussed influencing donald trump through his advisers paul manafort and michael flynn
 trump stays on script
 hopeful on tax overhaul"
"united nations (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s bid to slash funding for the united nations would make it “impossible” for it to continue its essential work
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell told reuters on wednesday he expects bipartisan support for approval of a bill authorizing taxpayer and industry funding for the u.s. food and drug administration. the bill to reauthorize the prescription drug user fee act would let the fda continue to collect hundreds of millions of dollars from drugmakers and medical device companies to partially cover the cost of reviewing new products
 tells lawmakers to 'get it right'"
"washington (reuters) - carter page
"washington (reuters) - senior u.s. lawmakers want the house of representatives to formally condemn turkish security forces’ violent response to a street protest in washington during a recent visit by president tayyip erdogan
"washington (reuters) - a trump administration plan to sell off half the u.s. emergency crude oil stockpile to help balance the budget faces opposition in congress
 gives him environmental letter"
" (this may 23 story corrects name to fox business network in second paragraph) by julia edwards ainsley washington (reuters) - president donald trump has tapped a longtime legal adviser to serve as his private attorney while a special counsel investigates whether his campaign worked with russia in last year’s election
"(reuters) - democrats on a u.s. of house of representatives panel have asked deutsche bank (dbkgn.de) to provide information on whether any accounts connected to president donald trump have ties to russia
"washington (reuters) - republicans will be able to push through tax reform by the end of this year even as they continue to debate whether or not a final plan will include a border adjustment tax
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on wednesday called on health insurance companies to “stick it out” in the obamacare marketplace despite concerns over its stability
"austin
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump asked lawmakers on tuesday to cut $3.6 trillion in government spending over the next decade
"(reuters) - ariana grande returned to the united states on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - former cia director john brennan said on tuesday he had noticed contacts between associates of donald trump’s presidential campaign and russia during the 2016 election and grew concerned moscow had sought to lure americans down “a treasonous path.” brennan
"washington (reuters) - the white house
 hurdles seen in house"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s proposals to slash federal aid to the poor
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s fellow republicans in congress on tuesday assailed his proposed cuts in the diplomatic and foreign aid budget
"washington (reuters) - the leaders of the u.s. senate intelligence committee said on tuesday they would subpoena two of former national security adviser michael flynn’s businesses after flynn declined to comply with a subpoena for documents in the panel’s russia probe. “while we disagree with general flynn’s lawyers’ interpretation of taking the fifth ... it’s even more clear that a business does not have a right to take the fifth
"washington (reuters) - while u.s. president donald trump’s budget proposal for national defense increases spending
 higher airline security fees"
 central america"
"chicago (reuters) - u.s. farm groups on tuesday pushed back against president donald trump’s proposal to slash agriculture spending
 trump prays at jerusalem's western wall"
" (this version of the may 22 story was corrected to clarify details of the bill in paragraph four to show that it requires schools to provide alternative facilities) by jon herskovitz austin
"washington (reuters) - one of the leaders of the moderate republican “tuesday group” in the u.s. house of representatives resigned as co-chairman on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - the republican-led u.s. derivatives regulator pushed back against white house efforts on tuesday to rein in its fiscal 2018 budgets
"new york (reuters) - the trump administration is proposing to sell off in the coming fiscal year the entire gasoline reserve created in the aftermath of hurricane sandy
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s proposed budget estimates that the federal government could save $35 billion over the next decade by rolling back regulations governing wall street. the white house does not detail how those savings
 adm offer differing views on u.s. border tax at hearing"
 trump makes low budget request for mexico border wall"
 labor force: mnuchin"
"washington (reuters) - the budget proposal unveiled by the white house on tuesday cut all funding to a department of homeland security program known as “countering violent extremism
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director robert mueller has been cleared by u.s. department of justice ethics experts to oversee an  investigation into possible collusion between then-candidate donald trump’s 2016 election campaign and russia
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. intelligence community has not initiated an assessment of the significance or impact of any information that president donald trump revealed in a meeting with russia’s foreign minister
"washington (reuters) - u.s. director of national intelligence dan coats declined to say whether president donald trump asked him to help deny any collusion between his campaign team and russia
"washington (reuters) - director of national intelligence dan coats said on tuesday he had “no documents to make relevant
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives republican leaders on tuesday praised president donald trump’s proposed federal spending budget and said lawmakers would be able to find common ground with the administration’s plan. “at least we now have common objectives: grow the economy
"(reuters) - the following are stories and tables about president donald trump’s proposed budget for the fiscal year 2018 starting oct. 1
"(reuters) - the u.s. labor department will implement its fiduciary rule on june 9 with no further delays
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted overwhelmingly on monday to confirm iowa governor terry branstad
 open arctic refuge to drilling"
"washington (reuters) - two wall street financial regulators would face cuts or major structural changes under president donald trump’s fiscal 2018 budget proposal according to an office of management and budget document on monday
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration’s budget proposal would convert some of the united states’ foreign military grants to loans
 'feedback' for balance"
"chicago (reuters) - the white house budget on monday proposed $46.54 billion in cuts to federal government funding for the agriculture sector over the next 10 years. president donald trump’s biggest cut would come in the form of a $38 billion bite out of farm supports
"chicago (reuters) - chicago is starting an advertising campaign to reassure immigrants that they are welcome in the third-largest u.s. city
"san francisco (reuters) - the u.s. justice department on monday asked a federal judge to reconsider a ruling which blocked president donald trump’s attempt to cut off federal funding for so-called sanctuary cities
 al gore tells cannes"
"washington (reuters) - former white house national security adviser michael flynn declined on monday to comply with a subpoena from the senate intelligence committee as it investigates possible russian interference in the 2016 u.s. election. flynn invoked his fifth amendment constitutional protection against self-incrimination
"austin
 again"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is seeking outside counsel to help him during investigations into his campaign and russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump urged two senior intelligence officials in march to publicly deny there was any evidence of collusion between the trump campaign and russia
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director james comey is delaying an appearance before the u.s. house oversight committee that had been planned for wednesday
"washington (reuters) - the republican and democratic leaders of the u.s. senate intelligence committee said on monday they were disappointed michael flynn declined their request for an interview and production of subpoenaed documents in their probe of russia and the 2016 u.s. election. “we will vigorously pursue general flynn’s testimony and his production of any and all pertinent materials pursuant to the committee’s authorities
 arab states closer"
"(reuters) - a mississippi state lawmaker who called for the lynching of louisiana officials for removing pro-slavery era monuments apologized on monday after his comments sparked a firestorm of criticism. republican representative karl oliver had taken to facebook on saturday to criticize the removal of monuments in new orleans that city leaders deemed racially offensive. the last of the four statues
"ankara (reuters) - turkey summoned the u.s ambassador on monday to protest the treatment of turkish security officials in the united states during a visit by president tayyip erdogan last week
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday ruled that republicans in north carolina unlawfully took race into consideration when drawing congressional district boundaries
"dubai (reuters) - the images from the same night broadcast around the middle east speak as loudly as the words. on the one hand: the young people of iran
 netanyahu's wife lament negative media coverage"
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the u.s. senate committee overseeing pensions on monday asked the u.s. office of government ethics to assess whether president donald trump is violating the constitution and federal bans on conflicts of interest. reuters reported on april 26 that public pension funds in at least seven u.s. states periodically send millions of dollars to an investment fund that owns the upscale trump soho hotel and condominium in new york city and pays a trump company to run it
"jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday turned away a republican challenge to a federal campaign finance restriction that prevents political parties from raising unlimited amounts of cash to spend on supporting candidates. the republican party of louisiana had argued that a provision of the 2002 bipartisan campaign reform act violates free speech rights under the u.s. constitution. but the justices let stand a lower court’s ruling that rejected the republican challenge. the brief order noted that conservative justices clarence thomas and neil gorsuch favored hearing the case. the conservative-leaning court in recent years has rolled back campaign finance restrictions. in 2010
"jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on monday that iran must immediately stop its financial and military support for “terrorists and militias” and he reiterated that it never be permitted to possess atomic arms. “most importantly
"washington (reuters) - the man who led president donald trump’s transition team for the u.s. environmental protection agency
 trump says there is 'rare opportunity' for peace"
"tel aviv (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said on monday he hoped a visit to israel by u.s. president donald trump would be a “historic milestone” in achieving regional peace. “may your first trip to our region prove to be a historic milestone on the path towards reconciliation and peace
"tel aviv (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on monday president donald trump was prepared to invest his personal efforts into middle east peace if israeli and palestinian leaders were ready to be serious about engaging in the process. tillerson
"jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump arrived in israel on monday on a flight from saudi arabia and will meet separately with both israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and palestinian president mahmoud abbas in an attempt to revive peace talks. air force one landed at tel aviv’s ben-gurion airport after what is believed to be the first direct flight to israel from riyadh
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel expressed muted concern on sunday to a major arms deal between the united states and saudi arabia announced a day earlier during the visit to the region by u.s. president donald trump.  the central achievement of trump’s visit to saudi arabia was  nearly $110 billion in deals sealed on saturday in which riyadh will buy u.s. arms to help it counter iran
"riyadh (reuters) - u.s. first lady melania trump praised the “empowerment of women” at a general electric all-female service center in the saudi capital on sunday
 arms deal"
"riyadh (reuters) - white house chief of staff reince priebus will not be joining president donald trump for his full trip through the middle east and europe.  he is returning to washington after doing only the saudi arabia portion of the journey
"riyadh (reuters) - president donald trump urged arab and islamic leaders on sunday to unite and do their share to defeat islamist extremists
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of defense is assessing its ability to recruit transgender people as soon as 1 july
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s budget proposal
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump raised the firing of the fbi director in a meeting with russia’s foreign minister to explain why he had been unable to find areas of cooperation with moscow
"(reuters) - world champion sebastien ogier won the rally of portugal for a record-equaling fifth time on sunday to stretch his championship lead to 22 points. the m-sport ford driver sealed his second win of the season by finishing 15.6 seconds clear of thierry neuville with the belgian’s hyundai team mate dani sordo third in the gravel event. the victory equaled the five in portugal chalked up by retired finnish great markku alen. m-sport’s ott tanak
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump raised the firing of his fbi director in a meeting with russia’s foreign minister to explain why he had been unable to find areas of cooperation with moscow
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director james comey
 trump struggles to escape crisis"
 trump looks increasingly isolated"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump was hit on friday by embarrassing leaks that a senior adviser was a “person of interest” in a probe of possible collusion with russia during last year’s election campaign and that trump had boasted to russian officials of firing the man heading the investigation. the reports
"washington (reuters) - democratic senator ron wyden thinks republican leadership is moving away from trying to implement full-scale tax reform this year and instead are turning their attention to simply cutting rates.  “if you look at the language of mitch mcconnell in the last couple of days
"new york (reuters) - public approval of president donald trump has dropped to its lowest level since his inauguration
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump plans to nominate callista gingrich as ambassador to the vatican
"washington (reuters) - a senior u.s. senator said on friday that he expects congress’ investigation of russia and the 2016 u.s. election to go ahead
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has nominated marine general joseph dunford to keep his post as his top military adviser for another two-year term. dunford
"new york (reuters) - former u.s. congressman anthony weiner wept on friday as he pleaded guilty to sending sexually explicit messages to a teenage girl
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is exploring whether it can use an obscure ethics rule to undermine the special counsel investigation into ties between president donald trump’s campaign team and russia
"(reuters) - goldman sachs group inc banker james donovan who was nominated by u.s. president donald trump as deputy treasury secretary
"washington (reuters) - a current white house official is a significant person of interest in the law enforcement investigation of possible ties between donald trump’s presidential campaign and russia
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump told russian officials at the white house that firing fbi director james comey relieved “great pressure” the president was facing from an ongoing probe into russia and the u.s. presidential election
 citing document"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives will send its healthcare overhaul plan passed this month to the senate after it receives a final analysis by congressional reviewers
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump decided to fire fbi chief james comey before deputy attorney general rod rosenstein wrote a memo outlining his own concerns
 gulf states seen quietly curbing opposition"
"washington (reuters) - there will be no planned announcement on friday of u.s. president donald trump’s nominee for fbi director
"washington (reuters) - the congressional budget office expects to release its analysis of the u.s. house of representatives’ healthcare overhaul legislation on may 24
"washington (reuters) - three u.s. democratic senators on friday raised concerns over the possibility that president donald trump’s administration will permanently shelve the “fiduciary rule
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will propose $200 billion in infrastructure spending over 10 years in his first budget on tuesday - funding the administration believes will boost private
"jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. presidential trips are an opportunity to project power and burnish statesmanship. but they come with diplomatic dangers and potential pitfalls
"washington (reuters) - standing in front of a memorial made of remnants of the world trade center
 decries 'witch hunt'"
 white house turmoil is politics as usual"
"san francisco/washington (reuters) - more than a dozen democratic attorneys general on thursday sought to intervene to defend a key part of the obamacare healthcare law - subsidy payments to insurance companies - which is under threat in a court case. the 16 attorneys general
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin told lawmakers on thursday that he has some doubts that what are known as alternate scoring models will give enough credit to the potential for economic growth when assessing the impact of the trump administration’s tax plan. in late april
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin on thursday pledged to treat “very seriously” any business dealings president donald trump or his family might have with foreign companies flagged by officials as national security risks. mnuchin did not say any such cases existed. a senior democrat pressed mnuchin
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has made his selection for the next full-time head of the office of the comptroller of the currency
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate banking committee’s top democrat tussled with treasury secretary steven mnuchin during a hearing on thursday over the flow of information from his agency
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration on thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-august start of renegotiations of the north american free trade agreement with canada and mexico to try to win better terms for u.s. workers and manufacturers. with a letter to u.s. lawmakers
"washington (reuters) - dozens of american academic groups have taken a stance against a trump administration proposal to toughen scrutiny of some u.s. visa applicants
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan bill introduced on thursday would prohibit members of the u.s. congress from ever working as lobbyists after they leave the senate or house of representatives. republican senator cory gardner with democratic senators michael bennet and al franken in introducing the senate legislation to stop the lucrative “revolving door” practice that has drawn the ire of watchdog groups for decades. “by banning members of congress from lobbying when they leave capitol hill
"(reuters) - the head of the u.s. house armed services committee introduced legislation on thursday to cut cost overruns at the pentagon by overhauling the way it buys everything from common off-the-shelf goods to services and intellectual property. representative mac thornberry
"washington (reuters) - the special counsel appointed to look into links between russian officials and u.s. president donald trump’s 2016 campaign is conducting a criminal investigation
 speaking for himself
"washington (reuters) - wall street and corporate executives urged lawmakers on thursday to pursue a permanent tax reform package that avoids expanding the federal deficit as a way to drive u.s. economic growth
"washington (reuters) - republican representative jason chaffetz
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday the appointment of a special counsel to investigate russia and the u.s. presidential election “hurts our country terribly” as it shows how divided the united states is
 lieberman among top candidates"
"washington (reuters) - (this may 17 story
"washington (reuters) - former central intelligence agency director john brennan will appear before the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee on may 23
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi welcomed the appointment of a special counsel in the russia probe involving president donald trump but said on thursday an independent commission was still needed to guard against political pressure from the white house. she said the counsel
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he did not believe the appointment of robert mueller as special counsel will interfere with congressional probes of russia and the 2016 u.s. election. ryan also told his weekly news conference that he was in a meeting last night with deputy attorney general rod rosenstein and congressional leaders
"washington (reuters) - lawyers for president donald trump’s former national security adviser michael flynn have not yet indicated whether flynn plans to comply with the senate intelligence committee’s subpoena for documents
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department
"washington (reuters) - michael flynn and other advisers to donald trump’s campaign were in contact with russian officials and others with kremlin ties in at least 18 calls and emails during the last seven months of the 2016 presidential race
"washington (reuters) - the senate intelligence committee is still negotiating with president donald trump’s former national security adviser
 trade ties"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he remained confident lawmakers could get tax reform legislation
 department of justice documents on comey firing"
 expects constructive talks"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer said on thursday that former fbi director james comey should still appear before congressional committees that have invited him to testify in their investigations of russia and the 2016 u.s. election
"sochi
 trump seeks boost on foreign trip"
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s firing of fbi director james comey on may 9 renewed attention to allegations by u.s. intelligence agencies that russia interfered in the 2016 election campaign to benefit trump. the following describes what is publicly known and not known about u.s. investigations into meddling and possible collusion between russia and members of the trump campaign: how did the investigations begin? former president barack obama ordered u.s. intelligence agencies to assess whether russia tried to intervene in the  election after a cyber attack on the democratic national committee in july 2016 and the publication of thousands of hacked personal emails from hillary clinton’s campaign manager in the month before the nov. 8 election. obama told intelligence officials to deliver a report on possible foreign interference before he left the white house in january 2017. what did the intelligence agencies find?  the central intelligence agency
"washington (reuters) - the justice department’s decision to name a special prosecutor to investigate russia’s involvement in the 2016 u.s. presidential elections could ease red-hot partisan tensions in congress
"washington (reuters) - a leading republican in the u.s. congress in june 2016 made a quip during a private meeting of fellow lawmakers that russian president vladimir putin could be making payments to donald trump
"washington (reuters) - members of the u.s. congress on wednesday generally approved of the appointment of former fbi director robert mueller as special counsel to investigate possible connections between president donald trump’s 2016 campaign team and russia. committees in the house and the senate will continue their own investigations while mueller leads the justice department’s probe. mueller’s appointment comes after the administration was rocked by reports that trump asked federal bureau of investigation director james comey to drop an investigation of mike flynn
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director and prosecutor robert mueller
"washington (reuters) - scandals enveloping u.s. president donald trump have left republican lawmakers and lobbyists increasingly gloomy about the prospects for passing sweeping tax cuts
"sochi/moscow (reuters) - vladimir putin said on wednesday that u.s. president donald trump had not divulged any secrets during a meeting in washington with russian officials and offered to prove it by supplying congress with a transcript. but a leading u.s. republican politician said he would have little faith in any notes putin might supply. two u.s. officials said on monday trump had disclosed classified information about a planned islamic state operation to russian foreign minister sergei lavrov when they met last week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s dismissal of fbi director james comey has raised questions about the future of the agency’s probe into russian attempts to sway the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion with trump’s campaign. the justice department announced on may 17 that deputy attorney general rod rosenstein had appointed former federal bureau of investigation director robert mueller as a special counsel to lead an independent probe. here is what to expect: * the fbi’s investigation will continue.  comey’s firing did not end the fbi’s investigation into moscow’s role in the 2016 election. the career fbi staffers comey put in charge of the probe will likely continue it
"washington (reuters) - milwaukee county sheriff david clarke
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday said a special counsel’s probe of russian interference in the 2016 u.s. election would show there was “no collusion” between his campaign and a foreign power. “as i have stated many times
"washington (reuters) - a bill proposed in congress on wednesday would require the u.s. national security agency to inform representatives of other government agencies about security holes it finds in software like the one that allowed last week’s “ransomware” attacks. under former president barack obama
"new york/london (reuters) - bettors on both sides of the atlantic are ramping up wagers in niche online markets over whether donald trump will serve out a full term as u.s. president in the wake of controversies surrounding the dismissal of fbi director james comey. some
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director robert mueller on wednesday was named special prosecutor into an investigation of “russian government efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election
"aboard air force one (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday will interview four candidates for the position of director of the federal bureau of investigation
"washington (reuters) - the white house is set to unveil president donald trump’s first full budget for the 2018 fiscal year on tuesday - a plan that will include details about his proposed cuts to foreign aid and domestic spending
 simpler rules in trump regulation reset"
"(reuters) - u.s. industry groups have submitted hundreds of pages of recommendations to president donald trump’s administration in recent weeks
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate could soon approve a major overhaul of the federal bureaucracy and make lasting changes to regulation of the environment
"new york (reuters) - u.s. arrests of suspected illegal immigrants rose by nearly 40 percent in the first 100 days of donald trump’s presidency
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department’s legal office has reminded employees  not to promote private interests on social media after its online accounts publicized president donald trump’s private florida resort and his daughter ivanka trump’s new book. an article on a state department website in april about mar-a-lago and a retweet in may about the book were eventually withdrawn
 possible trump tapes"
"(reuters) - a group of about a dozen republican governors is pushing for its own set of national healthcare reforms
"new london
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump asked then-fbi director james comey to end the agency’s investigation into ties between former white house national security adviser michael flynn and russia
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate intelligence committee said on wednesday it asked former fbi director james comey to appear before the panel in both public and closed sessions
 says has confidence in trump"
 uk's may says will continue to share intel with u.s."
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli intelligence experts are gravely concerned that u.s. president donald trump’s sharing of classified information with russia may have compromised an israeli agent
"(reuters) - washington governor jay inslee on tuesday signed a bill that paves the way for the state to create what is believed to be the first system in the united states to certify marijuana as organic. the sponsor of the bill
"london (reuters) - british gamblers believe u.s. president donald trump is now more likely to leave office before the end of his first term than not
"washington (reuters) - lawmakers on tuesday called for more information after reports that president donald trump asked then-fbi director james comey to drop an investigation of former white house national security adviser michael flynn. the white house said a memo written by comey after he met with trump in february was not an accurate portrayal of the conversation. details of the memo were first reported by the new york times and were confirmed by a reuters source.  last week
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican economy minister ildefonso guajardo said on tuesday he expects u.s. president donald trump’s administration to tell congress early next week of plans to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration’s top trade officials hope to keep the north american free trade agreement as a trilateral deal in negotiations with canada and mexico to revamp the 23-year-old pact
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump asked then-fbi director james comey to shut down an investigation into ties between former white house national security adviser michael flynn and russia
 potential fbi chiefs steer clear of job under trump"
 u.s. officials say"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said he had no concerns about the trump administration’s handling of classified information and added the issue had not come up in his talks on tuesday with several u.s. allies
"washington (reuters) - democrats are striking back at the u.s. congress and white house over their push to cut regulations
washington (reuters) - the white house declined to comment on tuesday on media reports that israel was the source of sensitive information that president donald trump shared with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov during a white house meeting last week. white house spokesman sean spicer said he would not comment on the reports. he also declined to say whether the white house would share transcripts of trump’s meeting with lavrov with lawmakers who have asked for them. 
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on tuesday that his oval office meeting last week with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov was “very
"washington (reuters) - national security adviser h.r. mcmaster said on tuesday that u.s. president donald trump did not have an inappropriate conversation or one that caused a lapse in national security when he met with senior russian officials last week at the white house. “i stand by my statement that i made yesterday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate intelligence committee has asked the white house for information regarding reports that president donald trump gave sensitive intelligence information to russian government officials
"washington (reuters) - u.s. appeals court judge merrick garland
"sydney/wellington (reuters) - president donald trump’s alleged disclosure of highly classified information to russia’s foreign minister is unlikely to stop allies who share intelligence with washington from cooperating
"washington (reuters) - senate democratic leader chuck schumer on tuesday urged the white house to immediately release transcripts of u.s. president donald trump’s may 10 meeting with russian officials to the relevant lawmakers probing alleged interference by russia in the 2016 u.s. election. “given the gravity of the matter
 fan fears of broader chill"
"washington (reuters) - any tax reform plan that includes a border adjustment tax would likely not pass the u.s. senate
"washington (reuters) - senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday said congress could do with fewer presidential distractions amid reports of u.s. president donald trump’s disclosure of intelligence information to russia and the white house’s subsequent rebuttal. “we could do with a little less drama from the white house on a lot of things so we can focus on our agenda
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump disclosed highly classified information to russia’s foreign minister about a planned islamic state operation
 u.s. judges focus on discrimination
"(reuters) - a russian foreign ministry spokeswoman on tuesday advised that people don’t read american newspapers
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin described as “complete nonsense” on tuesday media reports that u.s. president donald trump had disclosed classified intelligence during a meeting with russian officials. “it’s not a subject for us
"moscow (reuters) - the reports that u.s. president donald trump has revealed highly classified information about a planned islamic state operation to russia’s foreign minister are “fake”
" new york (reuters) - a majority of americans
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
 attend apec meet"
 methods' in meeting with russia's lavrov"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator mark warner
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate’s number two democrat
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. representative trey gowdy
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration said on monday it was vastly expanding the scope of a policy blocking u.s. assistance to foreign groups that perform or provide information about abortions
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on monday that his search for a new fbi chief to replace the fired james comey is moving quickly. “moving rapidly
"washington (reuters) - deputy u.s. attorney general rod rosenstein will conduct a classified briefing on thursday
 while trump talks tough on immigration"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers on sunday called on president donald trump to turn over any tapes of conversations with fired fbi chief james comey
"washington/san francisco (reuters) - president donald trump said he would seek to keep his tough immigration enforcement policies from harming the u.s. farm industry and its largely immigrant workforce
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is trying to determine how keeping his promise to move the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem could affect his hopes of brokering a peace deal between the israelis and the palestinians
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump ordered his homeland security adviser
"washington/lynchburg
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is considering 11 people to replace fired fbi director james comey
"washington (reuters) - a unit of the u.s. treasury department that fights money laundering will provide financial records to an investigation by the senate into possible ties between russia and president donald trump and his associates
"washington (reuters) - president donald j. trump nominated brian quintenz
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will express support for palestinian “self-determination” during a middle east trip this month
"washington (reuters) - deputy u.s. attorney general rod rosenstein does not see a need at this time for a special prosecutor to investigate allegations russia meddled in the u.s. election and possible collusion between russian officials and the trump campaign
"washington (reuters) - senator mark warner
"washington (reuters) - former director of national intelligence james clapper on friday said james comey has told him he was “uneasy” with a planned dinner in january with president donald trump that has come under renewed scrutiny this week after trump fired the now-former fbi director. clapper
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump did not ask former federal bureau of investigation director james comey to pledge loyalty to him when the two had dinner in january
"washington (reuters) - the department of justice has begun searching for a new leader to replace fired fbi director james comey and will start interviewing people on friday or sometime during the weekend
 eu set meeting on airline security
"washington (reuters) - a review of president donald trump’s tax returns from the past 10 years showed no income from russian sources outside of a few exceptions
 u.s. high-level meeting on laptop ban to be held next week"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. homeland security officials met with major u.s. airlines and a trade group on thursday to discuss the impact of possibly expanding a ban on large electronic gadgets on planes to flights from some european airports
"shanghai (reuters) - the company owned by the family of senior white house aide jared kushner will skip roadshow events in china this weekend seeking money from local investors for a real estate project in exchange for a shot at u.s. immigrant visas
" washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday ran into resistance for calling ousted fbi chief james comey a “showboat
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday approved president donald trump’s nominee for u.s. trade representative
washington (reuters) - the leaders of the senate intelligence committee on thursday vowed to press ahead with their investigation into alleged russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election as aggressively as possible despite turmoil over the firing of the fbi director. the panel’s republican chairman richard burr and ranking democrat mark warner made the comments to reporters following a meeting with u.s. deputy attorney general rod rosenstein in the wake of president donald trump’s firing of james comey this week. 
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s firing of fbi director james comey on may 9 renewed attention to allegations by u.s. intelligence agencies that russia interfered in the 2016 election campaign to benefit trump. the following describes what is publicly known and not known about u.s. investigations into meddling and possible collusion between russia and members of the trump campaign: how did the investigations begin? former president barack obama ordered u.s. intelligence agencies to assess whether russia tried to intervene in the  election after a cyber attack on the democratic national committee in july 2016 and the publication of thousands of hacked personal emails from hillary clinton’s campaign manager in the month before the nov. 8 election. obama told intelligence officials to deliver a report on possible foreign interference before he left the white house in january 2017. what did the intelligence agencies find?  the central intelligence agency
"new york (reuters) - new york city public defenders on thursday criticized a proposal by mayor bill de blasio to deny free legal counsel to immigrants in deportation hearings if they had been convicted of serious crimes in the past
"washington (reuters) - a major challenge to the u.s. watchdog for consumer finances fizzled on thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump signed an executive order on thursday to bolster the government’s cyber security and protect critical infrastructure from cyber attacks
"(reuters) - former u.s. representative corrine brown of florida was found guilty in federal court on thursday of fraud for helping to raise $800
"chicago (reuters) - democratic lawmakers in illinois on thursday said they have placed on hold a bill that expands state-funded coverage of abortions for low-income residents and state employees but faces a likely veto from the state’s republican governor.  the bill
"washington (reuters) - the leaders of the house of representatives intelligence committee’s investigation into u.s. allegations that russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election said on thursday they would seek to ensure the fbi’s probe “is not impeded or interfered with.” “as a part of our responsibilities
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is weeks away from naming anyone to the board of the federal reserve
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will not visit fbi headquarters as expected after agency officials told the white house trump would not be greeted warmly following his firing this week of james comey as fbi director
 suppression"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday approved president donald trump’s nominee for u.s. trade representative
"san francisco (reuters) - california governor jerry brown on thursday proposed a funding increase for the state attorney general to create more than 30 new positions dedicated to combating president donald trump’s policies.  democratic attorneys general in states across the country have assumed lead roles in opposing some of the republican president’s agenda. state attorneys general in washington and hawaii successfully sued to block trump’s executive orders restricting travel from some muslim-majority countries
 calls him 'showboat': nbc interview"
"washington (reuters) - deputy attorney general rod rosenstein has asked to meet with the senate intelligence committee
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house ways and means committee on thursday set a may hearing on the potential impact of tax reform on u.s. economic growth
"washington (reuters) - the fbi’s acting head said on thursday he believed the agency has sufficient resources to investigate alleged russian interference in the 2016 u.s. election and he was not aware of any request for more resources. “if you are referring to the russia investigation
"washington (reuters) - a senior white house official said former republican congressman mike rogers is being considered as a candidate to replace fbi director james comey
"washington (reuters) - fbi director james comey
"washington (reuters) - the fbi’s acting director promised on thursday to tell the senate intelligence committee of any effort to interfere with the federal bureau of investigation’s probe into links between russia and the 2016 trump presidential campaign. “i absolutely do
"washington (reuters) - russia’s attempts to interfere in foreign elections are one of the top worldwide security threats
"washington (reuters) - democrats in the u.s. senate formally requested details on thursday from the justice department on any additional funding ousted fbi director james comey may have sought to conduct his agency’s probe into possible connections between russia and donald trump’s presidential campaign. senator patrick leahy
" (this story corrects reference to russian ambassador in paragraph 10.) by steve holland and jeff mason washington (reuters) - the anger behind donald trump’s firing of fbi director james comey on tuesday had been building for months
"washington (reuters) - senate judiciary committee chairman chuck grassley on thursday called on the fbi to publicly confirm whether or not it is probing president donald trump
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin feels cautious optimism about the prospects for an improvement in u.s.-russian relations after russian foreign minister sergei lavrov met u.s. president donald trump in washington
 again
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate intelligence committee issued a subpoena on wednesday demanding documents related to russia from president donald trump’s former national security adviser michael flynn
 sasse oppose trump's u.s. trade representative pick"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will nominate former congressman mark green to head the u.s. agency for international development
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on wednesday rejected a resolution to revoke an obama-era rule to limit methane emissions from oil and gas production on federal lands
"washington (reuters) - russia’s top diplomat met president donald trump on wednesday and praised the u.s. administration as problem solvers
"washington (reuters) - makan delrahim
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s dismissal of federal bureau of investigation director james comey has raised questions about the future of the agency’s probe into russian attempts to sway the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion with trump’s campaign. democrats are worried comey’s firing on tuesday could jeopardize the ongoing fbi probe and have renewed calls for an independent investigation. some republicans have said that could undermine concurrent investigations underway in the u.s. senate and house of representatives. here is what could happen next: * the investigations already underway could continue. comey’s firing does not necessarily mean the fbi’s investigation into moscow’s role in the 2016 election will be disrupted or end
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate intelligence committee has invited former fbi director james comey to testify at a closed hearing on tuesday
"(reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on wednesday that u.s. president donald trump’s firing of fbi director james comey
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump urged russia to “rein in” syrian president bashar al-assad during a meeting with russia’s foreign minister sergei lavrov
"new york (reuters) - four u.s. states have sued interior secretary ryan zinke
"washington (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is considering four senior fbi officials to serve as the interim replacement for fired fbi director james comey
"washington (reuters) - former fbi director james comey had requested additional funding and personnel for the agency’s probe into alleged russian interference in the 2016 presidential election just days before he was fired
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s firing of fbi director james comey could temporarily delay the senate intelligence committee’s investigation into possible russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he fired fbi director james comey because he was not doing a good job. “he wasn’t doing a good job
"washington (reuters) - vice president mike pence said on wednesday fbi director james comey was fired to restore confidence in the law enforcement agency and not because of any connection to its probe of possible russian meddling in the u.s. presidential election. “that was not what this was about
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate majority leader
"seattle (reuters) - seattle mayor ed murray
 setting off u.s. political storm"
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on wednesday it hoped that the firing of fbi director james comey would not affect moscow’s ties with washington
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s firing of fbi director james comey followed a turbulent year for comey in which he became embroiled in controversy over his handling of investigations involving both trump and former democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton. here is a timeline of the events that preceded comey’s firing and trump’s reaction to them. comey announced he had recommended no criminal charges filed against democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton for her handling of classified information while she was secretary of state but called her “extremely careless” for using a private email server. trump responded to the news by tweeting that comey’s decision was an example of a “rigged system” in the united states. “very very unfair! as usual
"washington (reuters) - the newly appointed second-in-command at the u.s. justice department faced a weighty task just two weeks after taking office - writing the rationale for firing fbi director james comey. deputy attorney general rod rosenstein argued the case for comey’s sacking in a three-page memo to attorney general jeff sessions on tuesday. president donald trump acted swiftly to dismiss the director later that day. rosenstein cited comey’s controversial public statements about the bureau’s investigation into democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. “it is a textbook example of what federal prosecutors and agents are taught not to do
 scramble on for new chief"
"washington (reuters) - federal prosecutors have issued grand jury subpoenas seeking business records from people who worked with former u.s. national security adviser michael flynn when he was a private citizen
 praise"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator dianne feinstein
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the senate intelligence committee
"washington (reuters) - barely two days into crafting a new bill to roll back obamacare
"washington (reuters) - a 20 percent import tax
"washington (reuters) - a bill to ease restrictions on energy development on u.s. tribal lands has a good chance of passing the republican-controlled congress this year
"washington (reuters) - eight democratic senators asked u.s. regulators on tuesday to launch an investigation into billionaire carl icahn’s activities in the u.s. biofuels blending credit market
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator lindsey graham said on tuesday he wants to know more about president donald trump’s business dealings in relation to russia
"(reuters) - the u.s. senate voted on tuesday to confirm dr. scott gottlieb
"washington (reuters) - prominent u.s. conservative congressman raul labrador has decided run for idaho governor in the 2018 election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will not make a decision on whether to pull the united states out of the paris climate agreement until after he returns from the may 26-27 group of seven summit
"chicago (reuters) - a bipartisan group of 30 illinois house members on tuesday threw their support behind efforts in the senate to craft a bill package aimed at ending the state’s historic budget impasse. “we ask the senators from both parties to pass the best negotiated package they can
"washington (reuters) - a former u.s. department of justice official testified on monday that she had two meetings and one telephone call with white house officials about michael flynn when he was president donald trump’s national security adviser. describing reports that flynn had misrepresented his contacts with sergey kislyak
"milan (reuters) - former u.s. president barack obama said on tuesday he was confident that the united states would keep moving “in the right direction” on climate change
 french election"
 powelson to ferc: white house"
"washington (reuters) - a meeting of trump administration advisers that had been scheduled for tuesday to decide whether to pull the united states out of the paris climate agreement has been postponed due to scheduling conflicts
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate easily confirmed heather wilson
"washington (reuters) - former acting u.s. attorney general sally yates said on monday she warned the white house in january that then-national security adviser michael flynn had been compromised and could have been vulnerable to blackmail by russia. yates testified at a senate judiciary subcommittee hearing that focused primarily on flynn
"new york/washington (reuters) - the u.s. government’s review of a landmark 2010 financial reform law will not be complete by early june as originally targeted
"richmond
 media"
"austin
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. president barack obama made clear he did not support michael flynn during a meeting with then president-elect donald trump
"(reuters) - three appeals court judges appointed by democratic former president bill clinton will review a hawaii judge’s order blocking president donald trump’s revised restrictions on travel from six muslim majority countries. the 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals panel will hear the case on may 15 in seattle. judges michael daly hawkins
"washington (reuters) - former acting u.s. attorney general sally yates said on monday she warned the white house in january that then-national security adviser michael flynn had been compromised and could have been vulnerable to blackmail by russia. yates testified at a senate judiciary subcommittee hearing that focused primarily on flynn
"shanghai (reuters) - organizers barred journalists on sunday from a publicly advertised event in shanghai that offered chinese investors the chance to get u.s. immigrant visas if they put money in a real estate project linked to the family of president donald trump’s son-in-law. the two-tower luxury apartment complex in new jersey
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democrats on sunday criticized the lack of women on a working group in the republican-led senate that will craft a plan to pass legislation to repeal and replace obamacare. as the senate begins to wrestle with a republican healthcare bill narrowly approved by the house of representatives last week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator bernie sanders said on saturday that president donald trump was right to call australia’s universal healthcare system better than the u.s. system. sanders
"washington (reuters) - u.s. environmental protection agency chief scott pruitt has recused himself from several court cases that he pursued against the agency when he was oklahoma attorney general
"new york (reuters) - david miller
"frankfort
"washington (reuters) - a draft of president donald trump’s new counterterrorism strategy demands that u.s. allies shoulder more of the burden in combating islamist militants
 but retain principles"
"new york/san francisco (reuters) - legal challenges to president donald trump’s temporary travel ban on people from some muslim-majority countries heat up again next week when two u.s. appeals courts consider whether it is constitutional. the legal fights may end up at the u.s. supreme court perhaps in the fall
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s nominee for army secretary
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. defense department is finalizing a lease on a privately owned apartment in new york’s trump tower for the white house military office to use for supporting president donald trump without providing any benefit to trump or his organization
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump was simply saying nice things to an ally when he called australia’s universal healthcare system better than the u.s. system
"(reuters) - planned parenthood
 averting government shutdown"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives overwhelmingly approved legislation on thursday to tighten sanctions on north korea by targeting its shipping industry and companies that do business with the reclusive state. the vote was 419 to 1. supporters said the legislation was intended to send a strong message to north korea
 house republicans free to turn to tax reform"
 australia's turnbull move to clear air after tense phone call"
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump signed an executive order on thursday that allows tax-exempt churches to more actively participate in politics and could free religious organizations to deny employees insurance coverage for birth-control pills. the order partially fulfills an oft-repeated campaign promise by trump
"boston (reuters) - president donald trump’s executive order on thursday making it easier for churches to dabble in politics kept faith with his promise to evangelical christians who helped him win the white house
 minimize ties"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump returned to his hometown on thursday for the first time since taking office
 hurdles await in u.s. senate"
 taxes"
 google
 trump helps seal a healthcare deal"
"washington (reuters) - the leaders of a house of representatives probe of possible russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election said they had a “successful” hearing on thursday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday gave final legislative approval to a $1.2 trillion spending bill to keep the government open through september
"(reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives approved a bill on thursday to repeal major parts of obamacare and replace it with a republican healthcare plan
"washington (reuters) - wall street attorney jay clayton was officially sworn in as chairman of the u.s. securities and exchange commission by u.s. supreme court justice anthony kennedy on thursday
"washington (reuters) - the white house said it was “critical” that the u.s. house of representatives pass a republican-sponsored healthcare bill on thursday to repeal a law enacted under the administration of former president barack obama. “with obamacare on the verge of collapse
"washington (reuters) - a house banking panel on thursday passed a controversial bill that would drastically change how the u.s. government regulates the financial sector. with support only from the panel’s republicans
"washington (reuters) - in his first 100 days in office
"washington (reuters) - a republican healthcare bill to repeal and replace major portions of obamacare cleared a first procedural hurdle in the u.s. house of representatives when a rule guiding the debate was passed on thursday. by a partisan vote of 235-192
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will take executive action on thursday to ease a ban on political activity by churches and other tax-exempt institutions as part of an order on religious liberties
"washington (reuters) - republican senator bob corker said on thursday there was no way the healthcare bill being considered by the house of representatives would receive a quick up-or-down vote in the u.s. senate
"washington (reuters) - the head of the house of representatives conservative freedom caucus said republicans were confident that their healthcare overhaul would likely win passage in a vote later on thursday. “we’re optimistic that we’ll pass it out of the house today
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on wednesday outlined for his staff how an “america first” agenda translates into foreign policy
 offers no new policies"
 but feels 'nauseous'"
 vote set for thursday"
 mahmoud abbas"
 vote set for thursday"
 australian pm to hit reset in new york after fractious phone call"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted narrowly on wednesday to repeal an exemption from strict federal protections that former president barack obama’s labor department had given to state-sponsored retirement savings plans for lower-income workers.  the exemption
"chicago (reuters) - former u.s. president barack obama on wednesday unveiled design plans for his chicago presidential center
 taxes"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday passed a $1.2 trillion spending bill to fund the government through september and avoid federal agency shutdowns on saturday when existing money is depleted. with the 309-118 vote in the republican-controlled chamber
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration on wednesday took its first step in replacing obama-era banking regulators
"washington (reuters) - fbi director james comey concurred with a democratic lawmaker on wednesday that citizenship alone is not a reliable indicator of the “terror threat” a person may pose to the united states
"washington (reuters) - three u.s. republican house lawmakers threw their support behind their party’s healthcare overhaul plan on wednesday after crafting changes to provide $8 billion over five years to shore up coverage for people with pre-existing conditions.  representatives fred upton and billy long
"washington (reuters) - an expected proposal from moderate republican fred upton to amend the party’s healthcare overhaul plan is not likely a deal-breaker for conservative freedom caucus members in the u.s. house of representatives
"cambridge
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee for ambassador to china promised on tuesday to take a firm line with beijing on issues from north korea to trade disputes and human rights
 easier passage of laws"
 legislation
"washington (reuters) - time was running short for president donald trump to attract enough votes to pass a new bill to overhaul the u.s. healthcare system this week as republican party moderates held out
 delay against dodd-frank overhaul"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. national security agency collected more than 151 million records of americans’ phone calls last year
 retail calorie disclosure rule in flux under trump"
"chicago (reuters) - u.s. senator dick durbin
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted on tuesday to confirm attorney jay clayton to head the securities and exchange commission
 russian hackers cost her the election"
 putin discuss syria ceasefire in first talks since u.s. air strikes"
 trump agree to work together on syria
"washington(reuters) - the heritage foundation
"washington (reuters) - white house budget director mick mulvaney accused democrats on tuesday of trying to make president donald trump look bad by claiming victory in budget negotiations and added that a government shutdown might be inevitable if they do not act better. asked about trump’s tweet about a possible government shutdown in september
"washington (reuters) - the top republican in the u.s. senate on tuesday rejected president donald trump’s suggestion that his party change the chamber’s rules to undercut the ability of democrats to block legislation with filibusters. “there is an overwhelming majority on a bipartisan basis that is not interested in changing the way the senate operates on the legislative calendar
"tallahassee
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. house of representatives freedom caucus said on tuesday that republicans still lack the votes to pass a reform bill to overhaul the u.s. healthcare system. representative mark meadows of north carolina
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on tuesday did not say when lawmakers would vote on a republican plan to undo former president barack obama’s healthcare law
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s nominee to be the u.s. ambassador to china took a tough line on tuesday on china’s development of “artificial islands” in the south china sea. “china cannot be allowed to use its artificial islands to coerce its neighbors or limit freedom of navigation or overflight
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee to be the u.s. ambassador to china said on tuesday that china can do more to push north korea to curb its nuclear program
"new york (reuters) - new york is bracing for president donald trump’s first trip back to his hometown since taking office in january in a thursday visit that is expected to draw protests and snarl traffic in the united states’ most populous city. the trip could mark a repeat of the chaotic 2-1/2 months between the real estate developer’s nov. 8 election and jan. 20 swearing-in
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he was actively considering breaking up big banks
 trump to speak by phone on tuesday: ria"
"washington (reuters) - donald trump has shown a fascination with populist 19th-century u.s. president andrew jackson since he has occupied the oval office
"washington (reuters) - the white house on sunday defended president donald trump’s decision to invite philippine president rodrigo duterte to washington
 via trump bypass"
" (please note: story contains strong language in final paragraph) (reuters) - republican maine governor paul lepage on monday sued the state’s democratic attorney general
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate took a procedural vote on monday to clear the way for confirming jay clayton as the next head of the securities and exchange commission. in a 60-36 vote
"washington (reuters) - top aides to president donald trump on monday predicted the house of representatives would move this week to overhaul the u.s. healthcare system
 financials in u.s. budget deal"
"washington (reuters) - white house budget director mick mulvaney told reporters on monday that president donald trump would sign a spending bill that avoids a government shutdown when he receives it on thursday or friday. at a white house briefing
"(reuters) - representative joaquin castro has decided against running for the u.s. senate in 2018
"(reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie on monday vetoed a bill that would have required president donald trump to release his tax returns in order to run for re-election in the state
 tax cuts to help"
" (in april 27 story
"washington/new york (reuters) - congress has agreed to fund an additional 5
"(reuters) - ailing puerto rico would receive $295 million in medicaid funding from the federal government as part of the u.s. congress’ spending plan to avert a government shutdown
"washington (reuters) - north korea would need to clear many conditions before a meeting between president donald trump and north korean leader kim jong un could be contemplated
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on monday said he was open to meeting north korean leader kim jong un “under the right circumstances
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on monday he would consider raising the federal tax on gasoline to fund infrastructure development
 a trump critic
"washington (reuters) - an extra 2
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government and coal companies will be required to pay out healthcare to retired coal miners
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump does not intend to trade away u.s. jobs for china’s help on north korea
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump announced on monday he has signed an executive order creating a new technology council to “transfer and modernize” the u.s. government’s information technology systems. a white house official confirmed monday that about 20 technology chief executives will attend meetings at the white house in early june to talk about improving government information technology. “americans deserve better digital services from their government. to effectuate this policy
"new york (reuters) - a federal spending agreement reached late on sunday will reimburse new york city for money spent securing u.s. president donald trump and his family at trump tower in manhattan. altogether
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said china may have hacked the emails of democratic officials to meddle with the 2016 presidential election
"manila (reuters) - across asia
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration’s push to overhaul tax laws might soon target a loophole used by some financial managers to lower their tax rates
"geneva (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump must convey to philippines president rodrigo duterte the deep sense of alarm about his apparent shirking of his duty to prosecute human rights violations
 singapore to the white house"
 blasts media"
"washington (reuters) - the white house press corps gathered on saturday for its annual black-tie dinner
" washington (reuters) - he misses driving
 pruitt views"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will sign an executive order on saturday seeking to identify any problems caused by the nation’s existing trade agreements
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: the trump administration could respond to north korea’s latest failed missile test by speeding plans for new u.s. sanctions against pyongyang
 despite low industry demand"
"washington (reuters) - the republican-led congress averted a u.s. government shutdown on friday and gave lawmakers another week to work out federal spending through sept. 30
 or richer"
"atlanta (reuters) - president donald trump pledged to uphold americans’ right to possess guns on friday in a speech that he used to revisit some 2016 election campaign themes from his vow to build a border wall to dismissing a democratic senator as “pocahontas.” trump pledged his allegiance to the powerful national rifle association
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump complained on thursday that u.s. ally saudi arabia was not treating the united states fairly and washington was losing a “tremendous amount of money” defending the kingdom. in an interview with reuters
"(reuters) - president donald trump has cemented his credentials as tweeter in chief since taking office.  nearly 100 days into his presidency
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump took office on jan. 20 with a long list of promises for his first 100 days. his record has been mixed. here are the main issues he has confronted and what he has achieved ahead of saturday’s 100th day.  a pledge to repeal and replace the 2010 affordable care act
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on friday granted a trump administration request to put on hold a legal challenge by industry and a group of states to former president barack obama’s regulations aimed at curbing greenhouse emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants
"seoul (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s suggestion that seoul pay for the thaad advanced u.s. missile defense system would be an “impossible option
 major' conflict with north korea possible
 there's a shutdown
 some stirrings of discontent"
 wants missile system payment"
" washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday spurned the taiwanese president’s suggestion that the two leaders hold another phone call
"united nations (reuters) - united nations secretary-general antonio guterres told the u.n. security council on friday that he is alarmed by the risk of military escalation on the korean peninsula.  “the absence of communication channels with the dprk (north korea) is dangerous
"united nations (reuters) - chinese foreign minister wang yi said on friday the situation on the korean peninsula is critical and that a peace agreement is the “only right choice” in the nuclear dispute with north korea. “peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula through dialogue and negotiations represents the only right choice that is practical and viable
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house leaders have decided against holding a vote on a reworked healthcare system overhaul this week after failing to find the necessary support
"washington (reuters) - here are some of the highlights of the reuters interview with u.s. president donald trump on thursday. “there’s a chance that we could end up having a major
"beijing (reuters) - china on friday reiterated its stance that it is opposed to any official exchanges between taiwan and countries that have diplomatic ties with china.  foreign ministry spokesman geng shuang made the comment at a regular press briefing. china considers self-ruled taiwan a breakaway province. u.s. president donald trump on thursday in an interview with  reuters spurned the taiwanese president’s suggestion that the two leaders hold another phone call
"seoul (reuters) - the spokesman for the front runner in south korea’s upcoming presidential election said on friday that the deployment of the u.s. thaad anti-missile defense system should be “immediately suspended” and await a decision by the next government. “as stressed again
"taipei (reuters) - taiwan’s presidential office on friday said it had no plans “at this stage” to hold a telephone call with u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress is set to debate legislation that would extend until may 5 the deadline for a deal on federal spending through september and head off a feared government shutdown at midnight on friday. the house rules committee
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump complained on thursday that the united states was being unfairly treated in the paris climate agreement and told reuters he would announce a decision in about two weeks on whether washington would remain in the accord. the republican trump
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump told reuters on thursday that he was “psyched” to terminate the nafta trade deal with canada and mexico
"seoul (reuters) - south korea is adopting a “wait and see” stance
" washington (reuters) - the united states issued about 40 percent fewer temporary visas in march to citizens of seven countries covered by president donald trump’s temporary travel bans than it did in an average month last year
"washington (reuters) - as president donald trump’s administration drafts an afghanistan policy
"washington (reuters) - r. alexander acosta was confirmed on thursday by the u.s. senate to head the labor department
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives could vote as soon as next week on legislation to toughen sanctions on north korea by targeting its shipping industry and companies that do business with the reclusive state
"washington (reuters) - trump administration officials will likely meet in may to reach a final decision on whether the united states should stay in the paris climate deal
"washington (reuters) - china has told the united states that it warned pyongyang it would impose “sanctions actions on their own” against north korea should it carry out another nuclear test
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon inspector general has launched an investigation into whether michael flynn
"washington (reuters) - advisers to president donald trump held a meeting at the white house on thursday to discuss whether the united states should remain in the paris global climate deal and will likely meet again in may before making a final decision
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house banking chairman said on thursday his attempt to eliminate limits on fees banks can charge retailers for debit card transactions may not survive as he pushes a bill to overhaul financial rules. republican representative jeb hensarling of texas said his provision to kill the fee limits is the most contentious part of his 600-page financial reform measure
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: the trump administration could respond to north korea’s latest failed missile test by speeding plans for new u.s. sanctions against pyongyang
"washington (reuters) - the head of the federal communications commission on thursday released a 58-page draft plan to reverse the landmark 2015 “net neutrality” order and disclosed the agency may withdraw “bright line” rules barring internet companies from blocking
"new york/san francisco (reuters) - even if president donald trump wins an appeal of a court ruling blocking his executive order on sanctuary cities
"austin
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on thursday granted a request from the trump administration to put litigation on hold in which states and industry groups are challenging an obama administration pollution control rule for mercury and other toxic emissions from power plants. the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit canceled oral arguments that were due to take place on may 18. the u.s. environmental protection agency has said it wants to review the rule. the rule
"washington (reuters) - a white house spokesman said on thursday it was “appropriate” for a pentagon agency to investigate former national security adviser michael flynn for possible wrongdoing in connection with a trip he took to russia in 2016.  spokesman sean spicer
 wall street getting trump's ear in first 100 days"
"ottawa (reuters) - canadian prime minister justin trudeau said on thursday he had urged u.s. president donald trump not to withdraw from the north american free trade agreement because it would cause a lot of pain on both sides of the border. the white house said earlier that trump told the leaders of canada and mexico in separate calls on wednesday that he would not terminate the nafta treaty at this stage
"washington (reuters) - ten democratic members of the u.s. house of representatives said on thursday they want congress to vote on a formal authorization for the use of military force against al qaeda
"(reuters) - a u.s. senate committee voted on thursday to advance the nomination of dr. scott gottlieb to lead the food and drug administration. the senate health
"(reuters) - kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said thursday that a media report that president vladimir putin and u.s. president donald trump were to meet in may was “wishful thinking”. russian newspaper kommersant reported that the two leaders were set to meet for the first time in may
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump unveiled a one-page plan on wednesday proposing deep u.s. tax cuts
"boston/new york (reuters) - u.s. hedge fund managers began warming to president donald trump soon after his surprise election ignited a powerful stock market rally. now
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s tax-cut plan will generate growth
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto spoke with u.s. president donald trump on wednesday and they agreed on the “convenience” of not scrapping the north american free trade agreement (nafta)
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday attacked a federal judge’s ruling that blocked his executive order seeking to withhold funds from “sanctuary cities” for illegal immigrants
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on wednesday: trump proposes slashing tax rates for businesses and on overseas corporate profits returned to the country in a plan greeted as an opening gambit by his fellow republicans in congress. trump’s plan could shift the u.s. economy into higher gear but could have one effect the white house would not welcome — interest rates ratcheted higher than expected by a wary central bank. the trump tax cut will generate growth but not nearly enough to replace trillions of dollars in lost revenues
 open to talks"
"(reuters) - north korea’s latest display of its military hardware at a parade this month focused more on new missiles and less on tanks and artillery
 syria troop limits"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. chief justice john roberts took issue on wednesday with the trump administration’s stance in an immigration case
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers said high-profile briefings by the trump administration on north korea on wednesday failed to provide the firm strategy they had hoped for dealing with what they described as a major national security threat. as a standoff escalated over the reclusive asian nation’s development of nuclear weapons and long-range ballistic missiles
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday ordered education secretary betsy devos to review the u.s. government’s role in school policy
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers launched the next round in their fight against federal regulation on wednesday
 obstacles remain"
"new york/houston (reuters) - the trump administration’s proposal to slash tax rates on so-called pass-through businesses would deliver a windfall to investors in master limited partnerships and could offer a much-needed lift to this niche segment of the energy market. the tax plan outline released on wednesday by u.s. president donald trump would sharply slash business taxes and discount the rate on overseas corporate profits brought back into the united states. the proposed changes include a cut to the top tax rate on pass-through businesses to 15 percent from the current rate of up to 36.9 percent. pass-throughs get that name because taxes are not paid by the business itself but pass through to their owners’ individual taxes
 open to talks"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress inched toward a deal to fund the government through september but was preparing to possibly extend a midnight friday deadline in order to wrap up negotiations and avoid an imminent government shutdown. the one-week extension would give leading republicans and democrats “a little breathing room” to finish negotiations and present their plan for spending around $1 trillion through the rest of the fiscal year to rank-and-file lawmakers
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has signed an executive order to allow national monument designations to be rescinded or reduce the size of sites as the administration pushes to open up more federal land to drilling
"washington (reuters) - lawmakers in the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday debated resurrecting the stalled yucca mountain spent nuclear fuel dump in nevada
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration will continue to pay subsidies for low-income americans receiving healthcare coverage under obamacare
"washington (reuters) - white house advisers and trump administration officials will meet on thursday to discuss whether the united states should remain in the paris climate agreement
" washington (reuters) - public pension funds in at least seven u.s. states have invested millions of dollars in an investment fund that owns a new york hotel and pays one of president donald trump’s companies to run it
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representative could move soon to consider a bill to fund the government for a week to avoid a shutdown at midnight on friday and buy time to strike a deal for a long-term funding plan
"ottawa (reuters) - canada is ready to come to talks on renewing the north american free trade agreement at any time
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday proposed slashing the u.s. tax rate on corporate and pass-through business profits to 15 percent from 35 percent or more
"(reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross is expected to announce a new probe into imported aluminum
 mexico stocks
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on wednesday negotiators are close to reaching a deal to fund the u.s. government through october as congress faces a friday deadline to pass a spending bill. “we’re getting really close. i think we are making really good progress
"washington (reuters) - the confirmation testimony expected on wednesday for makan delrahim
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steve mnuchin said the plan for “the biggest tax cut” in u.s. history due to be released later on wednesday by the white house would cut the business tax rate to 15 percent
 freddie stocks open higher after mnuchin's remarks"
"san francisco (reuters) - a u.s. judge on tuesday blocked president donald trump’s executive order that sought to withhold federal funds from so-called sanctuary cities
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is proposing to slash the corporate income tax rate and offer multinational businesses a steep tax break on overseas profits brought into the united states
 relations strained over asylum seekers"
"washington (reuters) - the threat of a u.s. government shutdown this weekend appeared to recede on tuesday after president donald trump backed away from a demand that congress include funding for his planned border wall with mexico in a spending bill.  even if the fight over wall funding is over
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will not agree to a democratic demand that subsidies for obamacare be included in a must-pass spending bill in congress
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration may undertake trade actions to protect the u.s. semiconductor
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday will order a review of national monuments created over the past 20 years with an aim toward rescinding or resizing some of them - part of a broader push to reopen areas to drilling
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on wednesday: trump proposes slashing tax rates for businesses and on overseas corporate profits returned to the country in a plan greeted as an opening gambit by his fellow republicans in congress. trump’s plan could shift the u.s. economy into higher gear but could have one effect the white house would not welcome — interest rates ratcheted higher than expected by a wary central bank. the trump tax cut will generate growth but not nearly enough to replace trillions of dollars in lost revenues
"washington (reuters) - former white house national security adviser michael flynn likely broke the law by failing to get permission to be paid for a trip to russia in 2015
"new york (reuters) - more than a dozen state prosecutors urged president donald trump in a letter on tuesday not to withdraw from the paris climate agreement
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on monday confirmed former georgia governor sonny perdue as secretary of agriculture
"washington (reuters) - two former u.s. officials
"(reuters) - republican leaders in the u.s. congress have refused democrats’ calls for a special prosecutor or select committee to investigate russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election
" united nations (reuters) - nine former u.s. ambassadors to the united nations warned congress in a letter on tuesday that slashing funding for the world body would weaken washington’s global influence by ceding “the agenda to countries that can be hostile to our interests.”  the ambassadors - andrew young
 ivanka trump says fine-tuning role"
" washington (reuters) - the senate’s main investigation into allegations of russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election is equipped with a much smaller staff than previous high-profile intelligence and scandal probes in congress
"washington (reuters) - the top republican in the u.s. senate said on tuesday he hoped to reach agreement “in the next few days” on a bill to fund the government through sept. 30
"washington (reuters) - the senate finance committee on tuesday approved president donald trump’s choice for u.s. trade representative
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump indicated an openness on monday to delaying his push to secure funds for his promised border wall with mexico
"vienna (reuters) - the lawyer of an american-iranian father and son jailed in iran called on u.s. president donald trump to get his officials to press for the men’s release at nuclear talks with tehran on tuesday. an iranian court sentenced 46-year-old siamak namazi and his 80-year-old father baquer namazi to 10 years in prison each in october on charges of spying and cooperating with the united states. the namazis’ lawyer
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government’s costs could increase by $2.3 billion in 2018 if congress and president donald trump decide not to fund obamacare-related payments to health insurers
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on wednesday: trump proposes slashing tax rates for businesses and on overseas corporate profits returned to the country in a plan greeted as an opening gambit by his fellow republicans in congress. trump’s plan could shift the u.s. economy into higher gear but could have one effect the white house would not welcome — interest rates ratcheted higher than expected by a wary central bank. the trump tax cut will generate growth but not nearly enough to replace trillions of dollars in lost revenues
"chicago (reuters) - barack obama
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. federal communications commission is expected to unveil his strategy this week to overturn landmark 2015 net neutrality rules
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. state department website on monday took down an article it published this month about president donald trump’s mar-a-lago resort which had prompted criticism from prominent ethics experts that the piece represented use of public office for private gain. the original article was posted on april 4 on the “share america” website
"washington (reuters) - u.s. education secretary betsy devos has been reworking student lending since her appointment in february
"washington (reuters) - expanding the u.s. navy to 355 ships as recommended by military leaders and backed by president donald trump would cost some $400 billion more over the next 30 years than the currently planned 308-ship fleet
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s zeal to unveil a tax plan before his 100th day in office is raising questions about just how thorough his “tax reform” plans will be
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee said on friday it had invited fbi
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump complained on monday that the united states is shouldering an unfair burden of the cost of the united nations
"washington (reuters) - a congressional vote on a republican healthcare plan may not come for weeks as leaders in the house of representatives and the senate continue negotiations over possible proposals
"washington (reuters) - negotiations between the white house and congressional leaders on a spending measure to keep the u.s. government running beyond this week are continuing
"washington (reuters) - former fox news anchor and correspondent heather nauert will be the new u.s. state department spokeswoman
(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday declined to hear an appeal by an alabama black-voter outreach group with close ties to the state’s democratic party of a lower court’s ruling that upheld a state ban on cash transfers between political action committees. the alabama democratic conference had asked the justices to review a september 2016 decision by the atlanta-based 11th u.s. circuit court of appeals that sided with the state and found that the law did not violate the organization’s rights to free expression and free association under the u.s. constitution. 
"pago pago
 energy this week"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said anti-semitism should be defeated and called the holocaust the “darkest chapter of human history” in a video address on sunday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump put pressure on democrats on sunday as u.s. lawmakers worked to avoid a government shutdown
"washington (reuters) - the department of homeland security will not target immigrants brought to the united states as children for deportation
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on sunday he expected mexico to pay for the wall he has promised to build along the southern border
 sees ties to famine"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump warned democrats on sunday that obamacare was in trouble and would die without government funding
"washington (reuters) - senate democratic leader chuck schumer said on sunday he believes lawmakers could reach a short-term u.s. budget deal by friday if president donald trump did not meddle in their talks with “poison pill” demands like funding for a border wall. “i am hopeful that we can get a budget done
"new york (reuters) - hillary clinton
"chicago (reuters) - former u.s. president barack obama on monday makes his first major appearance since leaving office
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump reassured manufacturers gathered in the white house roosevelt room on march 31 that a massive infrastructure program was coming soon. “we’re going to make it happen” this year
"bethesda
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s promised “big announcement” next week on overhauling the u.s. tax code
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on saturday that the trump administration’s tax reform plan would produce some “short term issues” when viewed under traditional “static” budget analysis rules. his comments during an interview by international monetary fund managing director christine lagarde suggested that the plan would not be revenue-neutral and would increase deficits in the short term. mnuchin said that the tax plan would pay for itself when viewed through a “dynamic scoring” analysis
 other 'sanctuary' areas"
"san francisco/new york (reuters) - president donald trump’s travel ban on citizens of six muslim-majority nations faces its second challenge at a u.s. appeals court next month
"san francisco (reuters) - the u.s. homeland security department’s inspector general said on friday he was investigating possible abuse of authority in a case that triggered a lawsuit against the department by twitter inc (twtr.n). inspector general john roth described the probe in a letter to senator ron wyden
 orders tax rule review"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump intends to designate philip miscimarra as the chairman of the national labor relations board (nlrb)
 indian visa-holders see hope in trump review"
"washington/spring
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump ordered the treasury department on friday to examine two powers given to regulators to police large financial companies following the 2008 financial crisis
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump promises a big announcement about tax reform next week and orders an administration review of obama-era tax rules written to discourage u.s. companies from relocating overseas to cut their tax bills. trump tells the treasury department to examine two powers given to regulators to police large financial companies following the 2008 financial crisis. south korea says it is on heightened alert ahead of another important anniversary in north korea
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
" (editor’s note: please be advised that paragraphs 4-6 contain language that may be offensive to some readers) by bernie woodall fort lauderdale
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday there is no “rush” to get a vote on republican healthcare legislation in the u.s. congress before he reaches his 100th day in office next weekend. “we’ll see what happens - no particular rush
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on friday welcomed back to the united states aya hijazi
"(reuters) - former illinois governor rod blagojevich lost his latest bid for leniency as a federal appeals court refused to shorten his 14-year prison term in a vast public corruption case
 post-crisis reforms"
"washington (reuters) - a russian government think tank controlled by vladimir putin developed a plan to swing the 2016 u.s. presidential election to donald trump and undermine voters’ faith in the american electoral system
"moscow (reuters) - russia dismissed as false on thursday a reuters report that said a government think tank controlled by president vladimir putin had developed a plan to swing the 2016 u.s. presidential election in donald trump’s favor. reuters reported on wednesday that the moscow-based russian institute for strategic studies (riss) had provided the framework and rationale for what u.s. intelligence agencies have concluded was an intensive effort by russia to interfere with the nov. 8 election. the reuters report cited three current and four former u.s. officials who had acquired two documents prepared by the institute. russia has repeatedly denied interfering in the u.s. election. the kremlin and riss did not respond to requests for comment on the documents before wednesday
 it firms fret as trump orders u.s. visa review"
"new york/washington (reuters) - when raj
"chicago (reuters) - target corp (tgt.n)
 republicans face tricky task of averting u.s. government shutdown"
 republican prosecutors say"
"washington (reuters) - donald trump took power in january pledging to overhaul a global order that he said cheated middle-class americans with a promise to tear up trade agreements and impose tariffs on china and mexico. some of trump’s policy advisers named allies like germany and japan as possible targets for economic retaliation. fast-forward almost 100 days into trump’s presidency and the world’s most powerful finance officials
"san antonio
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump promises a big announcement about tax reform next week and orders an administration review of obama-era tax rules written to discourage u.s. companies from relocating overseas to cut their tax bills. trump tells the treasury department to examine two powers given to regulators to police large financial companies following the 2008 financial crisis. south korea says it is on heightened alert ahead of another important anniversary in north korea
 world financial officials clash over trade"
"washington (reuters) - bank of japan governor haruhiko kuroda warned world policymakers against undoing the free trade and globalization that he said have brought prosperity to many economies
"washington (reuters) - in an era of shrinking government contributions to development financing and “exploding” loan demand in poor countries
"washington (reuters) - an environmental group sued president donald trump’s administration on thursday over the repeal of a u.s. rule intended to protect wildlife
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday he does not see a role for the united states in libya apart from defeating islamic state militants. “i do not see a role in libya. i think the united states has right now enough roles. we’re in a role everywhere. so i do not see that
"washington (reuters) - it would not be a bad idea for the european central bank and other central banks to follow the u.s. federal reserve’s example and change course away from an ultra-accommodative monetary policy
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration will unveil a tax reform plan very soon and expects it will be approved by congress this year whether a healthcare overhaul happens or not
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration wants to tax imports from countries that put tariffs on the united states
' pyongyang warns of strike"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on wednesday accused iran of ‘alarming ongoing provocations’ to destabilize countries in the middle east as the trump administration launched a review of its policy toward tehran. tillerson told reporters the review
 iran trade barbs over landmark 2015 nuclear deal"
"washington (reuters) - the united states is aware of a higher-than-usual level of activity by chinese bomber planes
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday he was in favor of a strong europe
"ottawa (reuters) - canadian prime minister justin trudeau on thursday brushed off an attack by u.s. president donald trump on canada’s system of dairy protections
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative jason chaffetz
"new york (reuters) - the trump administration will be persistent in prosecuting white collar crimes despite giving a higher profile to tackling violent crime
 u.s. spar over words"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will meet with the foreign ministers of southeast asian countries on may 4 in washington ahead of planned regional summits in november
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. house of representatives’ banking panel has unveiled the republicans’ most ambitious plan so far to loosen financial regulations
"washington (reuters) - a political newcomer who thrilled democrats with a strong finish in a georgia congressional race - despite attacks by president donald trump - will face an experienced republican candidate in a june runoff election for a district long dominated by the party. democrat jon ossoff drew 48.1 percent of the vote in tuesday’s special election
 karen handel"
"havana (reuters) - the trump administration and the cuban government need to start a dialogue
"east chicago
 nj senators invite transportation secretary to view decaying train tunnels"
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat in the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday urged the federal communications commission to cancel a vote scheduled for thursday on a measure to reverse a 2016 rule that limits the number of television stations some broadcasters can buy. house democratic leader nancy pelosi warned that the changes could be harmful to consumers
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration on wednesday denied being misleading about a u.s. carrier strike group’s push toward the korean peninsula
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump promises a big announcement about tax reform next week and orders an administration review of obama-era tax rules written to discourage u.s. companies from relocating overseas to cut their tax bills. trump tells the treasury department to examine two powers given to regulators to police large financial companies following the 2008 financial crisis. south korea says it is on heightened alert ahead of another important anniversary in north korea
 finance
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday will sign a directive asking for a speedy probe into whether imports of foreign-made steel are hurting u.s. national security
"london (reuters) - the united states must keep military options on the table when dealing with north korea
"london (reuters) - the united states’ first tax overhaul in decades may not pass congress until well into 2017
 hospitals"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump may add a visit to saudi arabia to a trip to europe in may in what will be his first overseas journey since becoming president
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s choice for deputy secretary of commerce
 his 'armada' was headed toward australia"
"riyadh (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis looked to address confusion over a u.s. aircraft carrier group on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. environmental protection agency will reconsider a rule on greenhouse gas emissions from oil and gas operations and delay its compliance date
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative jason chaffetz
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he will hold a news conference on april 27 to discuss veterans issues
"tokyo (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence said on wednesday that washington would work with its allies and china to put economic and diplomatic pressure on north korea but added that america would defeat any attack with an “overwhelming response”. pence arrived in tokyo on tuesday from south korea and reassured japan of u.s. commitment to reining in north korea’s nuclear and missile ambitions in a series of meetings with japanese leaders
"paris (reuters) - france said on wednesday it was imperative the united nations security council apply more pressure on north korea to prevent it jumping another hurdle toward an effective nuclear weapons capacity that could lead to a dangerous military escalation. amid heightened tension on the korean peninsula
"seoul (reuters) - north korea put on a musical show to mark the birthday of founding father kim il sung
 jibes in china over u.s. carrier mix-up"
"(reuters) - the united nations security council has issued a wide range of sanctions against north korea
 nuclear war"
"kenosha
 cfpb changes: property site"
 to work with china"
 interview"
"london (reuters) - no one can be complacent about the potential threat posed by the missiles being developed by north korea
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump promised on tuesday to defend american dairy farmers who have been hurt by canada’s protectionist trade practices
"detroit/new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s “buy american
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump promises a big announcement about tax reform next week and orders an administration review of obama-era tax rules written to discourage u.s. companies from relocating overseas to cut their tax bills. trump tells the treasury department to examine two powers given to regulators to police large financial companies following the 2008 financial crisis. south korea says it is on heightened alert ahead of another important anniversary in north korea
"washington (reuters) - a white house meeting that was to help determine whether the united states should withdraw from the paris climate accord has been postponed
"(reuters) - alabama governor kay ivey on tuesday moved up to december the election to fill the u.s. senate seat vacated by jeff sessions after he was named attorney general
"washington (reuters) - the tax-writing committee of the u.s. house of representatives will begin holding hearings on a republican tax reform proposal next week
 foreign policy"
"(reuters) - a republican senator said on tuesday he had written to the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs) raising questions about reports of “troubling conduct” by psychiatric hospital operator universal health services inc. the inquiry
"new york (reuters) - a nonprofit watchdog expanded a lawsuit accusing u.s. president donald trump of violating the constitution by letting his hotels and restaurants accept payments from foreign governments. the amended complaint filed on tuesday in the u.s. district court in manhattan adds a restaurant trade group
 both sides seek 'near term' results"
"riyadh (reuters) - the failed north korean missile test over the weekend was an attempt by the reclusive country to “provoke something
"riyadh (reuters) - a political solution through u.n.-brokered negotiations is needed to resolve the conflict in yemen
"chicago (reuters) - an illinois lawmaker on monday introduced a bill to ban the forcible removal of travelers from flights by state or local government employees after a united airlines passenger was dragged from an aircraft last week. the airline passenger protection act
 top u.s. court tackles religious rights"
 reformed"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s appointee neil gorsuch on monday showed himself to be a frequent and energetic questioner during u.s. supreme court arguments in his first day hearing cases as a justice
"seoul (reuters) - north korea used chinese-made trucks to display missiles at a massive military parade last week
 u.s. did not discuss currencies in economic talks: government official"
 u.s. agree to combat unfair trade practices"
 u.s. agree economic talks should produce 'concrete results' near term"
 japan agree china should play larger role on north korea"
"tokyo (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence said on tuesday the united states and japan can both strengthen their economies as he began economic talks between the two countries.      “when president trump agreed to this dialogue
 allies to find peaceful north korea solution"
"beijing (reuters) - chinese foreign minister wang yi said on tuesday diplomatic means must be used to resolve tensions on the korean peninsula
"tokyo (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross said on tuesday the united states was eager to strengthen its trade relations with japan
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese trade minister hiroshige seko said on tuesday that he has not received a request from u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross for any particular topic to be discussed. seko also told reporters that he would exchange information on toshiba (6502.t) issue if ross asks to do so. u.s. vice president mike pence will meet with japan’s deputy prime minister taro aso on tuesday
 not bilateral fta: aso"
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump promises a big announcement about tax reform next week and orders an administration review of obama-era tax rules written to discourage u.s. companies from relocating overseas to cut their tax bills. trump tells the treasury department to examine two powers given to regulators to police large financial companies following the 2008 financial crisis. south korea says it is on heightened alert ahead of another important anniversary in north korea
"washington (reuters) - advisers to president donald trump will meet on tuesday to discuss whether to recommend that he withdraw the united states from the paris climate accord
 afghan strikes"
"(reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said the trump administration’s timetable for tax reform is set to falter following setbacks in negotiations with congress over healthcare
"london (reuters) - north korea will continue to regularly test missiles and any military action against it by the united states would prompt “all out war”
"washington/boston (reuters) - in a white house marked by infighting
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on monday that moscow could not accept north korea’s “reckless nuclear actions” but said he hoped the united states would not take any unilateral action against pyongyang. lavrov warned against anyone responding to north korea’s behavior by “breaking international law.”  in televised comments
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe urged north korea on monday to refrain from taking further provocative actions
 citing syria strike"
"beijing (reuters) - china reiterated on monday its opposition to the deployment of a sophisticated u.s. anti-missile system in south korea. foreign ministry spokesman lu kang voiced china’s opposition to the terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) system at a regular briefing in beijing
"new york/washington (reuters) - tens of thousands of people marched through midtown manhattan and dozens of u.s. cities on saturday to demand that president donald trump release his tax returns and to dispute his claim that the public does not care about the issue. organizers of “tax march” in more than 150 cities across the country and beyond wanted to call attention to trump’s refusal to disclose his tax history
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration declined to name any major trading partner as a currency manipulator in a highly anticipated report on friday
 break from obama policy"
 trump nominates new head of export bank"
"(reuters) - the trump administration on friday dropped a lawsuit accusing north carolina of discriminating against lgbt residents after the state replaced its “bathroom bill”
"san francisco (reuters) - a california federal judge on friday strongly questioned the u.s. justice department over whether to suspend an order by president donald trump to withhold federal funds from so-called sanctuary cities for immigrants. u.s. district court judge william orrick iii questioned the purpose of the president’s order as he heard arguments from two large california counties and the justice department in san francisco federal court. both counties have asked for a nationwide preliminary injunction to the order.  as part of a larger plan to transform how the united states deals with immigration and national security
"beijing (reuters) - the 100-day trade talks announced after a sino-american presidential summit last week will aim to deal with decades of thorny trade issues
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: the united states drops a massive gbu-43 bomb
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration on thursday issued a final rule that will shorten the obamacare enrollment period and give insurers more of what they say they need in the individual insurance market
"new york (reuters) - new york police on thursday arrested 25 people in the lobby of trump tower protesting u.s. president donald trump’s immigration and border policies. the demonstrators who sat in front of the elevators and chanted “no ban
 watchdogs cite faulty pentagon accounting"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday signed a resolution that will allow u.s. states to restrict how federal funds for contraception and reproductive health are spent
"washington (reuters) - at first glance
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday that pyongyang is a problem that “will be taken care of
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson has maintained a hiring freeze at the state department even though it was lifted for the rest of the federal government
 rebel republican lawmakers pay no price for defying trump"
"(reuters) - connecticut governor dannel malloy said on thursday that he will not seek re-election in 2018
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will host italian prime minister paolo gentiloni for an official working visit on april 20
"houston (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson received compensation worth $27.4 million last year when he was chief executive of exxon mobil corp
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has won the first major battle in his war on illegal immigration
"rome (reuters) - italian prime minister paolo gentiloni will fly to washington and ottawa meet u.s. president donald trump and canadian prime minister justin trudeau in april
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin used a meeting with visiting u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on wednesday to give his views on why u.s.-russian relations had reached such a low point
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday “things will work out fine” between the united states and russia
"moscow/washington (reuters) - the presidents of the united states and russia on wednesday both presented souring views of the relationship between their two countries
 trump warms to china and nato
"united nations (reuters) - russia blocked a western-led effort at the u.n. security council on wednesday to condemn last week’s deadly gas attack in syria and push moscow’s ally president bashar al-assad to cooperate with international inquiries into the incident. it was the eighth time during syria’s six-year-old civil war that moscow has used its veto power on the security council to shield assad’s government.  in the latest veto
"jakarta (reuters) - washington has billed vice president mike pence’s visit to indonesia next week as a booster for the strategic partnership between the world’s second- and third-largest democracies
 xi in meetings played role in china abstention: u.s. official"
"washington/boston (reuters) - bharat r. ramamurti
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: the united states drops a massive gbu-43 bomb
 reversing campaign stance"
 spokesman says"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump told the wall street journal on wednesday that he might consider withholding billions of dollars of obamacare payments to health insurers to force democrats back to the negotiating table on healthcare. insurers and major medical groups have warned that not funding the payments
"washington (reuters) - a democratic u.s. senator pressed deutsche bank (dbkgn.de) on wednesday to release information about issues including president donald trump’s debt and any bank meetings with trump administration officials
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan’s tax reform blueprint appears to be losing its status as the likely framework for the first major tax overhaul since 1986
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday the united states is prepared to tackle the crisis surrounding north korea without china if necessary. the president made the comments at a joint news conference with visiting nato secretary general jens stoltenberg. trump met chinese president xi jinping last week and spoke to him by phone on wednesday night. “president xi wants to do the right thing. we had a very good bonding
 medical groups urge trump to keep funding obamacare subsidies"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump voiced caution on wednesday on his relationship with russian president vladimir putin
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
 after tillerson talks
 u.s. tells russia it's isolating itself by backing assad"
 seek details on travel ban"
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on wednesday after holding talks with u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson that some progress had been made on syria and that a working group would be set up to examine the poor state of u.s.-russia ties. lavrov
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump does not like the “border adjustment” tax cooked up by u.s. house speaker paul ryan and other republicans in the house of representatives. at least
"moscow (reuters) - the russian foreign ministry said on wednesday that anti-russian forces in the west were trying to destroy progress made in syrian peace talks with moscow’s help. russia
"moscow (reuters) - russia will veto a draft u.n. resolution being pushed by the united states
"united nations (reuters) - samples taken from the site of a deadly toxic gas attack in syria and analyzed by british scientists have tested positive for sarin or a sarin-like substance
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin has started a meeting in the kremlin with u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson
"london (reuters) - britain’s daily mail agreed on wednesday to pay melania trump an undisclosed sum and issue an apology after it published an article saying the u.s. first lady had offered “services beyond simply modeling” in her former job.  president donald trump’s wife
"kansas city
"washington/moscow (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration accused russia on tuesday of trying to shield syria’s government from blame for a deadly gas attack
"washington (reuters) - white house spokesman sean spicer said on wednesday he had let down president donald trump with his “inexcusable and reprehensible” comments comparing the use of poison gas by syria’s president to the atrocities of adolf hitler. “i made a mistake. there’s no other way to say it. i got into a topic that i shouldn’t have and i screwed up
"moscow (reuters) - the u.s. position on syria remains a mystery to moscow and washington’s rhetoric tends to be primitive and loutish
"washington (reuters) - the fbi secured a court order in 2016 to secretly surveil the communications of carter page
"paris (reuters) - france and the rest of europe must use last week’s u.s. missile strike on syria as a tool to revive peace negotiations between warring parties
"washington (reuters) - tensions between the united states and russia will not “spiral out of control” following last week’s u.s. cruise missile strikes on a syrian air base
moscow (reuters) - russia’s foreign minister sergei lavrov said at a meeting with u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson in moscow on wednesday that it was important not to allow a repeat of u.s. strikes in syria. lavrov said the strikes carried out by the united states on a syrian airbase last week were unlawful. he added that he expected to hold frank and honest discussions with tillerson on forming a broad anti-terrorism coalition. 
"moscow (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson told his russian counterpart on wednesday that he wanted to use talks in moscow to understand why russia and washington had sharp differences and find a way to bridge those differences. speaking in opening remarks at the start of negotiations with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov
"jerusalem (reuters) - a senior member of israel’s government welcomed on wednesday white house spokesman sean spicer’s apology for saying adolf hitler did not use chemical weapons
"washington (reuters) - if democrats thought it was hard to stop president donald trump’s first u.s. supreme court nominee
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump plans to nominate attorney john j. sullivan of maryland to be deputy secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - white house spokesman sean spicer triggered an uproar on tuesday by saying adolf hitler did not use chemical weapons. he apologized after his comments drew immediate criticism on social media and elsewhere for overlooking the fact that millions of jews were killed in nazi gas chambers. spicer made the assertion at a daily news briefing
"nogales
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: the united states drops a massive gbu-43 bomb
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. house of representatives committee that polices wall street plans to unveil a new draft of sweeping legislation by month’s end that would give the 2010 dodd-frank wall street reform law a major facelift. in a statement released to reporters
"united nations (reuters) - the u.n. security council could vote as early as wednesday on a push by the united states
"washington (reuters) - maryland lawmakers have passed a first-in-the-nation measure that lets the state attorney general sue generic drug makers that sharply raise prices in a move aimed at fighting what legislators call “price-gouging.” the bill overwhelmingly was approved by the democratic-controlled legislature on monday and hailed by maryland attorney general brian frosh as a way to check sharply higher prices for crucial generic drugs. the maryland measure comes as concerns about rising u.s. drug costs have been building for years. for example the 2015 decision by turing pharmaceuticals to increase the cost of a life-saving
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said tax reform “will be better” if legislation to dismantle obamacare is passed first by congress because of the tax savings from the republican health plan. “healthcare is going to happen
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on tuesday that the united states’ military policy in syria had not changed and remains focused on defeating islamic state militants even after the united states launched 59 cruise missiles at a syrian airfield last week.  “the goal right now in syria
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on tuesday he had told china’s president xi jinping at a summit last week that beijing would get a better trade deal with washington if it helped solve the u.s. problem with north korea. “i explained to the president of china that a trade deal with the u.s. will be far better for them if they solve the north korean problem!” trump
 north korea"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson’s visit to moscow this week will be an early test of whether the trump administration can use any momentum generated by a missile attack on a syrian air base to craft and execute a strategy to end the syrian war. even before trump ordered last week’s strike in retaliation for a nerve gas attack
"(reuters) - a texas law that requires voters to show identification before casting ballots was enacted with the intent to discriminate against black and hispanic voters
 before tillerson visit
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is open to authorizing additional strikes on syria if its government uses chemical weapons again or deploys barrel bombs in the country
"birmingham
 trump agree russia should break ties with assad: uk pm's office"
"washington (reuters) - a group of u.s. lawmakers said on monday they had requested more information from president donald trump’s administration about the potential sale of precision-guided munitions to saudi arabia
"new york (reuters) - a coalition of nonprofit groups on monday sued the u.s. department of homeland security to obtain logs of visitors to president donald trump’s homes. the lawsuit accused the secret service
 restoring top court's conservative tilt"
"washington (reuters) - opponents of a proposal to create a u.s. border tax on imported goods are targeting lawmakers in their home states for the next two weeks while congress is in recess
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration must decide by the end of this month whether to grant belarus continued relief from u.s. economic sanctions despite a stiff government crackdown on street demonstrations last month. the renewal decision is considered a low-level priority for the administration
 tax reform"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. cruise missile strike on a syrian air base last week damaged or destroyed 20 percent of syria’s operational aircraft
 angry at syria missile strike
 a democrat's 'make trump furious' campaign rattles republicans"
"sant’anna di stazzema
"rome (reuters) - u.s. energy secretary rick perry has said nothing about the u.s. backpedaling on climate change commitments
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is considering an executive order to launch a trade investigation that could lead to supplemental duties in certain product categories
"washington (reuters) - top aides to president donald trump demurred on sunday over where u.s. policy on syria was headed after last week’s retaliatory missile strike
"palm beach
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on sunday blamed russia’s inaction for helping fuel a deadly poison gas attack against syrian civilians last week
"(reuters) - the alabama supreme court ruled on saturday that impeachment proceedings against governor robert bentley can start next week
"palm beach
 say confrontation not inevitable"
"washington (reuters) - when donald trump started thinking during his campaign for the presidency last year about filling a supreme court vacancy
"united nations/moscow/beirut (reuters) - russia warned on friday that u.s. cruise missile strikes on a syrian air base could have “extremely serious” consequences
 trump presses xi on trade
"washington/palm beach (reuters) - in a secure room at his mar-a-lago estate in florida
"seoul (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump told south korea on saturday he had explained to china’s president xi jinping america’s position on the deployment of an anti-missile defense system to south korea
"new york/washington (reuters) - an attempt by u.s. authorities to identify an anonymous critic of president donald trump on twitter has set off alarm bells among democratic and republican lawmakers and civil liberties advocates fearful of a crackdown on dissent.  twitter inc on friday succeeded in beating back a demand for records about a twitter account called alt immigration (@alt_uscis)
"(reuters) - u.s. allies expressed support on friday for washington’s missile strikes on syria
"washington/new york (reuters) - internal state department instructions to implement president donald trump’s temporary travel ban on citizens of six muslim-majority nations help demonstrate that the ban violates the constitution
"(reuters) - an alabama state court on friday rejected governor robert bentley’s request to block a legislative committee from releasing evidence about wrongdoing stemming from his relationship with a former aide to be used for impeachment proceedings. a montgomery county state court judge was still hearing arguments on friday evening over the governor’s motion to halt impeachment proceedings in the alabama house of representatives. the house judiciary committee is scheduled to begin the process on monday. bentley
"new york/fort lauderdale
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: the united states drops a massive gbu-43 bomb
 strikes turned trump from villain to hero"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. securities and exchange commission said on friday it is suspending enforcement of the costliest requirements of its “conflict minerals” rule
 senate approves his conservative court pick"
"washington (reuters) - advocates of landmark net neutrality rules on friday blasted federal communications commission chairman ajit pai’s plans to roll back the obama era legal framework. reuters and other outlets reported late thursday that pai told major telecommunications trade groups of his plans tuesday to replace 2015 net neutrality rules with voluntary agreements to adopt open internet principles. the 2015 rules prevented broadband providers from giving or selling speedy or so-called fastlane access to some internet services over others.  pai
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump intends to nominate kevin hassett
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate mark green
"palm beach
 xi agree to 100-day plan to discuss trade issues"
 demand a plan from trump"
 trump eyes shake-up: wsj"
"beirut (reuters) - syrian warplanes took off from an air base which was hit by u.s. cruise missiles on friday
 trump turns to military advisers"
"moscow (reuters) - russia’s defence ministry notified the pentagon it would close down at 2100 gmt the communications line used to avoid accidental clashes in syria
"moscow (reuters) - russia’s foreign ministry said on friday that foreign minister sergei lavrov discussed the u.s. missile strike on syria with his turkish counterpart mevlut cavusoglu by phone. “the importance of an objective
 russia military communications channel still open: u.s. officials"
"neil gorsuch
"moscow (reuters) - a visit to moscow by u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson is on the agenda for the coming week
"palm beach
"palm beach
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. congressional committee on friday asked the trump administration to disclose an estimate of the number of americans whose digital communications are incidentally collected under foreign surveillance programs
"ottawa (reuters) - canadian prime minister justin trudeau said he spoke with u.s. president donald trump on friday about the air strikes on syria
 u.s. strike both welcomed and condemned"
"beirut (reuters) - lebanese shi’ite group hezbollah said on friday a u.s. cruise missile strike on a syrian airbase was an “idiotic step” which would lead to “great and dangerous tensions” in the middle east. hezbollah
"moscow (reuters) - russian prime minister dmitry medvedev complained on friday that u.s. cruise missile strikes on a syrian airbase were one step away from clashing with the russian military. u.s. officials informed russian forces ahead of the strikes — intended to punish the syrian government for what they say was a chemical weapons attack earlier this week — and avoided hitting russian personnel. satellite imagery suggests the shayrat air base that was struck is home to russian special forces and military helicopters
"brussels (reuters) - the european union said on friday it understood the aim of u.s. missile strikes in syria as an effort to deter any more chemical attacks there
 says syrian opposition"
"washington (reuters) - russia has notified the u.s.-led coalition of its intent to suspend a communication channel for avoiding air accidents in the crowded airspace over syria
"beirut (reuters) - syrian rebels welcomed a u.s. missile attack on a syrian army airbase on friday but said washington’s “responsibility” did not end there and military action should continue to prevent the syrian government using airbases and banned weapons. a statement from the free syrian army - an alliance of rebel groups - said it welcomed the raid against the base near homs city
"moscow (reuters) - russia has demanded an emergency meeting of the united nations ceasefire task force in geneva to discuss u.s. missile strikes on syria
"cairo (reuters) - jordan said on friday a u.s. air strike on a syrian air base was a “necessary and appropriate response” to a chemical weapons attack this week which the united states and its allies blamed on syria’s government. the chemical incident was “an inhuman act ... which drew wide-ranging international reactions
"washington (reuters) - representative mike conaway’s new role leading the house intelligence committee investigation into the trump team’s ties to russia has plunged the low-profile legislator into one of the most contentious issues in congress and the country. republicans and democrats both praised his selection. he has administrative experience as a committee chairman
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan on friday hailed an attack by the united states on a syrian air base as a positive development but said it was not enough on its own and “serious steps” were needed to protect the syrian people. the united states fired cruise missiles earlier on friday at a syrian base from which president donald trump said a deadly chemical weapons attack had been launched
"brussels (reuters) - the european union on friday said u.s. missile strikes on a syrian airbase had the “understandable intention” of preventing more chemical attacks but stressed that a negotiate solution was the only way out of the conflict. “the us has informed the european union that ... they launched a strike on shayrat airfield in syria with the understandable intention to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons
"moscow (reuters) - russia’s airbase in latakia province and its naval facility in tartus are protected by s-300 and s-400 air missile defense systems
 security council discuss keeping russia air force presence in syria"
"beirut (reuters) - the syrian presidency said a u.s. missile attack on a syrian army air base in homs had increased syria’s resolve to defeat insurgent groups
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel said on friday an attack by the united states on a syrian airbase from which it said a chemical weapons attack was launched this week was understandable given the syrian people’s suffering. “the attack of the united states is understandable given the dimension of the war crimes
 blow to u.s.-russia ties"
"brussels (reuters) - nato secretary-general jens stoltenberg said on friday that syrian president bashar al-assad “bears full responsibility” for the u.s. airstrikes against an air base in syria. “the syrian regime bears the full responsibility for this development
"beirut (reuters) - nine civilians including four children were killed in the u.s. missile attack on a syrian airbase near the city of homs on friday
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin will hold a meeting of his security council later on friday to discuss the u.s missile strikes on syria
"berlin (reuters) - the united states informed germany shortly before it launched missile strikes on a syrian airbase from which washington said a deadly chemical weapons attack had been launched this week
"moscow (reuters) - the russian defence ministry said on friday that syrian air defenses would be beefed up after u.s. cruise missiles struck an air base in western syria
 russia must be central to negotiated solution in syria"
 says supports u.s. missile strike"
"brussels (reuters) - european council president donald tusk said on friday that strikes on a syrian air base ordered by u.s. president donald trump showed the west’s resolve against chemical attacks. “u.s. strikes show needed resolve against barbaric chemical attacks. eu will work with the u.s. to end brutality in syria
"rome (reuters) - italy gave its support to a u.s. air strike against a syrian airfield on friday
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on friday he hoped u.s. missile strikes on syria would not irreparably damage relations between moscow and washington. “this is an act of aggression
"beijing (reuters) - china on friday urged all parties in syria to try to find a  political settlement in the six-year-old war after a u.s. military strike on a syrian airfield
 says pro-damascus official"
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey’s foreign minister called for syrian president bashar al-assad’s immediate removal on friday
 hollande want to hold assad responsible for 'criminal acts'"
 says russia should heed u.s. 'warning'"
 will keep to sidelines"
 germany to pursue syria peace efforts through u.n."
"moscow (reuters) - russian state tv said on friday that u.s. air strikes on a syrian air base had destroyed nine planes
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday he ordered a targeted military strike against an airfield controlled by syrian president bashar al-assad’s forces. a deadly chemical attack was launched this week from that base. “this action was appropriate and just.” “resolving the years-long crisis in syria is a complex task
 homs governor says"
 caused extensive damage"
"berlin (reuters) - the u.s. military strike on a syrian airbase was “understandable”
"ankara (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan’s spokesman said on friday it was necessary to enforce a no-fly zone and create safe zones in syria without delay
"moscow (reuters) - u.s. missile strikes on a syrian air base are unlikely to halt u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson’s planned visit to moscow next week
"moscow (reuters) - russia wants an emergency meeting of the u.n. security council to discuss u.s. missile strikes on syria
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump accepted his chinese counterpart xi jinping’s invitation to visit china
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. federal communications commission is moving quickly to replace the obama administration’s landmark net neutrality rules and wants internet service providers to voluntarily agree to maintain an open internet
" new york (reuters) - in her first interview since her stunning presidential election defeat by republican rival donald trump
"(reuters) - former manhattan u.s. attorney preet bharara took several shots at the administration of president donald trump on thursday
"(reuters) - president donald trump faces his biggest test as a world leader when he meets chinese president xi jinping thursday and friday for a summit that will set the tone for perhaps the most consequential of u.s. foreign relationships. the two leaders are expected to struggle to find common ground on the main issues that divide them when they meet at trump’s mar-a-lago resort in florida. the main agenda items are: north korea is perhaps trump’s most pressing national security challenge. pyongyang has been working to develop nuclear-tipped ballistic missiles capable of reaching the united states. trump is expected to repeat his call for china to do more to rein in its ally and neighbor and has warned that washington might deal with pyongyang’s weapons programs alone if need be. china says it is doing all it can and has said it is up to the united states to de-escalate with pyongyang. a white house strategy review focuses on options for pressuring pyongyang economically and militarily. among measures under consideration are “secondary sanctions” against chinese banks and firms that do the most business with pyongyang.  a long-standing option of pre-emptive strikes remains on the table
"aboard air force one (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday he would be ready to act unilaterally to address north korea’s nuclear program if china does not step up to help with the matter. “certainly i would be
" new york/washington (reuters) - republicans generally agree that politicians should not enrich themselves while running the country. yet most think it is okay for president donald trump to do so.  democrats largely support the idea of government-run healthcare. but their support plummets when they learn that trump once backed the idea.  at a time of already deep fissures among american voters on political
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: the united states drops a massive gbu-43 bomb
"washington (reuters) - the white house said thursday that president donald trump plans to nominate a lyft inc executive as under secretary of transportation for policy. derek kan is general manager for san francisco-based ride services company lyft in southern california. he previously was policy adviser to senate republican leader mitch mcconnell
 declining to provide evidence
' ends democrats' blockade of trump court pick"
"chicago (reuters) - the illinois house passed $817 million in spending on thursday to provide “life-line” funding to higher education and social service and health programs that have been starved for cash due to the state’s budget impasse. the measure passed in a 64-45 vote over republican governor bruce rauner’s opposition to another stopgap spending measure. a six-month temporary budget for the fiscal year that ends june 30 expired on dec. 31. illinois is limping towards the end of a second-straight fiscal year without a complete budget due to a stalemate between rauner and democrats who control the legislature. the country’s fifth-largest state has been operating on continuing appropriations and court-ordered spending
"washington (reuters) - white house economic adviser gary cohn said he backed bringing back the glass-steagall act
 chairman of house russia probe steps aside"
"(reuters) - alabama governor robert bentley said on thursday he would not resign after the state’s ethics commission found probable cause that he violated ethics and campaign finance laws
"washington (reuters) - urs federal services inc has been awarded an estimated $3.6 billion indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity u.s. defense contract for remotely piloted aircraft services
"(reuters) - u.s. officials should be respectful of the mexican 2018 presidential election
"chicago (reuters) - billionaire investor j.b. pritzker
"washington (reuters) - a leading conservative republican
"washington (reuters) - former goldman sachs group inc (gs.n) executive and white house adviser gary cohn shocked more than a few of his former wall street colleagues this week when he showed support for reinstating a depression-era law that would break up the biggest u.s. banks. here are some details about the law
"washington (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross held out hope on thursday that the trump administration will revive the u.s. export-import bank’s full lending powers
"washington (reuters) - conservative activist groups that generally support republicans but oppose a pro-export
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house of representatives panel will meet on thursday to consider a change to the stalled republican healthcare bill before lawmakers leave for a two-week recess
"washington (reuters) - in a last-ditch effort
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the senate intelligence committee said on thursday he felt his house of representatives counterpart had stepped away from that panel’s investigation of possible links between president donald trump’s campaign and russia because he felt it was necessary. “chairman (devin) nunes has made the move he felt necessary to protect the viability of his committee and its investigation going forward
 japan
"washington (reuters) - the senate finance committee on thursday delayed a scheduled vote on president donald trump’s nominee for u.s. trade representative due to the lack of a quorum among committee members. republican senator orrin hatch
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the u.s. house intelligence committee said the panel chairman’s decision to step aside on thursday gives the committee an opportunity for a “fresh start” as it examines russian interference into the u.s. election. u.s. representative adam schiff
"washington (reuters) - the majority of house freedom caucus members will vote for a republican healthcare bill if changes offered by the white house are included in the legislation
 experts say"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump removed his chief strategist steve bannon from the national security council on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - republicans are poised to repeal a u.s. senate rule that allows minority-party democrats to block confirmation of supreme court nominees
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate is set for a vote on thursday that will test the resolve of democratic opposition to president donald trump’s supreme court nominee
 experts say"
"washington (reuters) - a democratic senator delivered a 15-1/2-hour
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he was considering packaging a $1 trillion infrastructure plan with either healthcare or tax reform legislation as an incentive to get support from lawmakers
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate is expected to vote at 11 a.m. edt (1500 gmt) on thursday on whether to limit debate and move toward the final confirmation of president donald trump’s choice of federal judge neil gorsuch to take a seat on the u.s. supreme court. democrats are expected to thwart the republican effort by denying the 60 votes needed in the 100-member chamber to advance gorsuch. if so
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: the united states drops a massive gbu-43 bomb
"(reuters) - florida lawmakers advanced a measure on wednesday that could make it easier to avoid prosecution in deadly shootings and other use-of-force cases by seeking immunity on self-defense grounds under the state’s pioneering “stand your ground” law. in a 74-39 vote
"washington (reuters) - the tax oversight committee in the u.s. house of representatives will hold public hearings in coming weeks as the panel prepares to unveil legislation to overhaul the u.s. tax code
 other states challenge trump over climate change regulation"
"washington (reuters) - deep divisions cut short republican hopes for a quick revival of obamacare replacement legislation on wednesday
 mar-a-lago is place to break the ice with china's xi"
"(reuters) - democratic senators questioned president donald trump’s nominee to lead the u.s. food and drug administration
"(reuters) - the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau’s director defended himself in congress on wednesday against a barrage of republican criticism over everything from the agency’s handling of the wells fargo accounts scandal to the way he has personally managed his job. appearing before the house financial services committee
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on wednesday that tax reform will take longer to accomplish than repealing and replacing obamacare would
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives will not vote on a bill to replace the obama administration’s signature healthcare law before it starts a two-week break
"washington (reuters) - jordan’s king abdullah praised u.s. president donald trump’s  commitment to addressing the israeli-palestinian conflict and said he had hope for the arab league peace initiative proposed for the region. “the president’s early engagement in bringing the palestinians and israelis together has been a very encouraging sign for all of us
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump hopes to sign “several more” measures into law before the end of april to roll back obama-era regulations under the time-limited congressional review act (cra)
' but utilities aren't listening"
"washington (reuters) - democrats in the u.s. house of representatives ramped up their efforts to force the release of president donald trump’s tax returns
 global security"
"washington (reuters) - if confirmed as expected this week by the u.s. senate
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson should meet with “democratically-minded” activists in russia as well as government officials during his visit there later this month
 japan's abe: white house"
"london (reuters) - a grandmother who had sued a luxury scottish golf resort founded by u.s. president donald trump for breaching her privacy by photographing her urinating on the course
 not trade war
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee to the u.s. supreme court
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate moved on tuesday toward ramming through approval of president donald trump’s supreme court nominee this week
"washington the clock began running out this week on a strategy that has provided u.s. republicans in congress with their only notable legislative successes this year: aggressive use of an obscure u.s. law known as the congressional review act (cra).  on his 75th day in power
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house of representatives vote to overhaul obamacare before lawmakers leave washington for a two-week break looked unlikely late on tuesday as top white house deputies and key republican groups said more discussions were needed. vice president mike pence and administration officials met on capitol hill for two hours with lawmakers from the moderate “tuesday group
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative mark walker said after a meeting of house republicans on a revamped healthcare bill on tuesday night that they made good progress on the issue of high-risk pools for people with pre-existing conditions. walker
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: the united states drops a massive gbu-43 bomb
"washington (reuters) - congressional intelligence committee democrats said on tuesday they would soon be allowed to view documents at the center of a political firestorm surrounding the investigation of possible links between president donald trump’s campaign and russia. representative adam schiff
 trump's son-in-law
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will discuss how to rein in north korea’s nuclear program with chinese president xi jinping later this week in what a senior white house official said on tuesday would be a test for the u.s.-chinese relationship. trump and xi are to meet on thursday and friday at trump’s mar-a-lago retreat on the atlantic coast in palm beach
"(reuters) - president donald trump faces his biggest test as a world leader when he meets chinese president xi jinping this week for a summit that will set the tone for perhaps the most consequential of u.s. foreign relationships. the two leaders are expected to struggle to find common ground on the main issues that divide them when they meet on thursday and friday at trump’s mar-a-lago resort in florida. the main agenda items are: perhaps trump’s most pressing national security challenge. north korea has been working to develop nuclear-tipped ballistic missiles capable of reaching the united states. trump is expected to repeat his call for china to do more to rein in its ally and neighbor and has warned that washington might deal with pyongyang’s weapons programs alone if need be. china says it is doing all it can and has said it is up to the united states to de-escalate with pyongyang. a white house strategy review focuses on options for pressuring pyongyang economically and militarily. among measures under consideration are “secondary sanctions” against chinese banks and firms that do the most business with pyongyang.  a long-standing option of pre-emptive strikes remains on the table
 cut red tape: trump"
"washington (reuters) - some big american coal companies have advised president donald trump’s administration to break his promise to pull the united states out of the paris climate agreement – arguing that the accord could provide their best forum for protecting their global interests. remaining in the global deal to combat climate change will give u.s. negotiators a chance to advocate for coal in the future of the global energy mix
"washington (reuters) - a bill to slap new sanctions on iran has been delayed in the u.s. senate due to concerns about iran’s may presidential election
"washington (reuters) - the white house on tuesday said it not currently considering a value-added tax and a carbon tax as part of a planned tax code overhaul as it searches for ways to fund a major tax cut. the washington post had reported the white house was considering the vat and carbon tax reforms tuesday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. labor department will delay implementation of its “fiduciary” rule by 60 days while it undertakes a review on whether the rule may hinder americans’ ability to get access to retirement investment advice
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration would virtually eliminate federal funding for the environmental protection agency’s budget for vehicle emissions and fuel economy testing but will seek to raise fees on industry to pay for some testing
"washington (reuters) - top u.s. labor leader richard trumka on tuesday blasted the trump administration’s initial plan to revamp the north american free trade agreement (nafta)
"(reuters) - lockheed martin corp received pentagon approval on tuesday to begin production of 200 new heavy cargo helicopters for the u.s. marines
"washington (reuters) - kara novaco brockmeyer
 kelly in washington"
"(reuters) - in the most notable legislative work so far of the trump administration
 ok gorsuch"
"washington (reuters) - a senior european union official said on tuesday he had seen no  sign that u.s. president donald trump’s administration planned to lift sanctions on russia over its activities in ukraine
"washington (reuters) - republican and democratic lawmakers on tuesday introduced legislation that would require border agents to obtain a warrant before searching data held on electronic devices belonging to americans. the bill comes amid rising concern among civil liberties advocates about the effect on privacy of border searches of social media information
 mukasey's role in sanctions case"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on tuesday that his administration is working on changes to dodd-frank banking regulations that will make it easier for banks to loan money. “we’re going to be coming out with some very strong - far beyond recommendations - we’re going to be doing things that are going to be very good for the banking industry so that the banks can loan money to people who need it
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the house of representatives intelligence committee blasted the white house on tuesday for playing a role “in selectively and surreptitiously” providing documents to committee chairman devin nunes. “if the white house had any concerns over these documents
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on tuesday republican lawmakers are having productive talks on a new healthcare reform bill
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate banking committee voted on tuesday to advance jay clayton’s nomination as the next head of the u.s. securities and exchange commission to the full senate for approval. the committee voted 15 to 8
"washington (reuters) - senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday he would soon file a motion seeking to cut off an expected democratic filibuster of supreme court nominee neil gorsuch
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on monday signed a repeal of obama-era broadband privacy rules
"bangkok (reuters) - thailand’s prime minister said on tuesday he had told officials to prepare for changes in u.s. trade policy under president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump plans to hold a town hall meeting with about 50 business leaders on tuesday at the white house to talk about ways of improving the business climate
 clayton communicated with sec contractor"
 lawmakers hold talks to revive healthcare bill"
 xi will be 'odd couple' at first summit"
 egypt will fight islamist militants together"
"washington (reuters) - the leader of a group of u.s. house republican conservatives said on monday he expects to see text of a revamped bill to repeal and replace obamacare within 24 hours. “we’re waiting to see what the legislative text actually outlines but we remain open minded and willing to look at the details of the plan
"united nations (reuters) - the state department said on monday it was ending u.s. funding for the united nations population fund
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of homeland security announced steps on monday to prevent the fraudulent use of h1b visas
"albany
"new york (reuters) - officials from so-called sanctuary cities met in new york on tuesday to discuss their response to threats from the trump administration to cut off some funding to cities and states that fail to assist federal authorities in arresting illegal immigrants. attorney general jeff sessions threatened on monday to strip u.s. justice department grants from cities and other local governments that choose to shield illegal immigrants from  deportation efforts under president donald trump. his remarks were aimed at dozens of cities and other local governments
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeals court said on monday it would hold a hearing in may over a hawaii federal judge’s order that blocked president donald trump’s revised travel restrictions on citizens from six muslim-majority countries.  the 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals previously upheld a seattle judge’s block of trump’s first travel order. the appeals court did not say on monday which three judges would preside over the latest appeal. trump signed the revised ban last month
"washington (reuters) - the texas republican spearheading tax reform efforts in the u.s. house of representatives will meet with democrats to discuss policy ideas
"(reuters) - highlights for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: the united states drops a massive gbu-43 bomb
"washington (reuters) - democrats on monday corralled enough support to hold up a senate confirmation vote on president donald trump’s supreme court nominee but republicans threatened to change the senate rules to ensure conservative judge neil gorsuch gets the lifetime job. the senate judiciary committee voted 11-9 along party lines to send gorsuch’s nomination to the full senate
"washington (reuters) - u.s. sen. john mccain on monday announced that he will support an upcoming effort by his fellow republicans to win senate confirmation of judge neil gorsuch to the supreme court by changing the chamber’s rules in order to overcome democratic opposition. mccain
 kushner
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
"(reuters) - lawmakers in kansas on monday failed to override republican governor sam brownback’s veto of a bill expanding eligibility for medicaid for the poor under the federal affordable care act (aca). the kansas house of representatives voted 81 to 44 in favor of overriding the veto
 other states take on trump over energy efficiency"
 democrats have enough votes to filibuster court pick gorsuch"
"washington (reuters) - democratic senator mark warner on monday announced opposition to president donald trump’s supreme court nominee
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday rejected new hampshire’s bid to revive a state law barring voters from taking “selfie” photos with their ballots during elections that a lower court struck down as a violation of free speech rights. new hampshire banned such selfies in 2014
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday agreed to consider reviving litigation seeking to hold arab bank plc financially liable for militant attacks in israel and the palestinian territories that accused the jordan-based bank of being the “paymaster” to militant groups. the justices agreed to hear an appeal by roughly 6
"(reuters) - the story “trump son-in-law jared kushner visits iraq
"sterling
"asuncion (reuters) - the united states
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump held out the possibility on sunday of using trade as a lever to secure chinese cooperation against north korea and suggested washington might deal with pyongyang’s nuclear and missile programs on its own if need be. the comments
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat in the u.s. senate said on sunday it was unlikely that supreme court nominee neil gorsuch would be able to clear a procedural hurdle to a final vote
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senator jon tester said on sunday that he would vote against judge neil gorsuch
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s top national security aides have completed a broad review of u.s. options aimed at countering north korea’s nuclear and missile programs
"washington (reuters) - michael flynn
 not russia probe"
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senator joe donnelly threw his support on sunday behind judge neil gorsuch
"washington (reuters) - the united states should continue to be “engaged” in international climate change discussions but the paris climate change agreement is a “bad deal” for the country
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the u.s. house intelligence committee
"washington (reuters) - roadside apartments
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on friday released details of the personal finances of his staffers late on friday
"washington (reuters) - senate democrats on friday stepped closer to having enough votes to block a confirmation vote on president donald trump’s supreme court nominee with three more democratic senators coming out against neil gorsuch for the lifetime job as a justice. democrats are attempting use a procedural hurdle called a filibuster that requires 60 votes to allow a confirmation vote in the 100-seat u.s. senate. senate republicans are hoping to vote on april 7 to confirm the conservative appeals court judge nominated by the republican president in january.  democratic senators claire mccaskill of missouri
"hanoi (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has written to vietnamese president tran dai quang to promote more cooperation between the two countries
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday backed a decision by his former national security adviser to seek immunity in congressional investigations of possible ties between his election campaign and russia
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson reassured his nervous european counterparts over washington’s commitment to nato on friday and pressed them again to spend more on defense
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump backs a decision by his former national security adviser
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. environmental protection agency’s scientific integrity watchdog is reviewing whether epa chief scott pruitt violated the agency’s policies when he said in a television interview he does not believe carbon dioxide is driving global climate change
"new york (reuters) - former new york city mayor rudolph giuliani went to turkey to meet with the country’s president and sought meetings with u.s. government officials in an attempt to end u.s. prosecution of a wealthy turkish gold trader charged with conspiring to violate u.s. sanctions on iran
" austin
 import duty evasion"
"beijing/washington (reuters) - beijing sought to play down tensions with the united states and put on a positive face on friday as the u.s. administration slammed china on a range of business issues ahead of president xi jinping’s first meeting with president donald trump. trump set the tone for what could be a tense meeting at his mar-a-lago retreat next week by tweeting on thursday that the united states could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses. trump said the highly anticipated meeting
 but not all"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday directed his administration to review u.s. trade deficits and clamp down on countries that abuse trade rules in two executive orders he said would start a new chapter for u.s. workers and businesses. “today i’m signing two executive orders that send this message loud and clear
"washington (reuters) - lockheed martin corp is being awarded a u.s. defense contract worth up to $582 million for delivery of f-35 spares
"los angeles (reuters) - federal agents have arrested illegal immigrants at california courthouses because local authorities have made such apprehensions at jails difficult
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has neither a clear white house tax plan nor adequate staff yet to see through a planned tax reform
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will seek to rebuild the u.s. relationship with egypt at a monday meeting with egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi focused on security issues and military aid
" ((in march 30 item
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton on friday warned that the deep budget cuts to foreign aid and diplomacy proposed by president donald trump to fund increased military spending would make the united states
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee’s top democrat said on friday that the panel would discuss with the justice department and the senate intelligence committee any request for immunity from prosecution from michael flynn
"brussels (reuters) - a country’s spending on development aid and on defense are separate items
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will host jordan’s king abdullah at the white house next week to discuss the fight against islamic state militants
 tech transfer"
" (this march 30 story was corrected to note prieto says wisniewski
 trump agenda snarl italy's g7 agenda"
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson
"london (reuters) - britain and the united states said on friday that nato allies needed to commit to increase defense spending every year
 urges u.s. cooperation as xi prepares to meet trump"
"washington/beijing (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump set the tone for a tense first meeting with chinese president xi jinping next week by tweeting on thursday that the united states could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.  the white house said trump would host xi next thursday and friday at his mar-a-lago retreat in florida. it said trump and his wife
 north carolina rescinds transgender bathroom law"
"washington (reuters) - lockheed martin corp was awarded a $1.6 billion order-dependent contract for the counter fire target acquisition radar system
"washington (reuters) - senators joe manchin and heidi heitkamp on thursday became the first democrats to support the confirmation of president donald trump’s supreme court nominee neil gorsuch
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s air force secretary nominee
"austin
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump backs a decision by his former national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he understood president donald trump’s frustration with republicans’ failure to agree on healthcare legislation to replace obamacare. “it’s very understandable that the president is frustrated that we haven’t gotten to where we need to go
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump lashed out on thursday at republican conservatives who helped torpedo healthcare legislation he backed
"san francisco (reuters) - the u.s. justice department on thursday appealed a ruling by a federal judge in hawaii extending a suspension of president donald trump’s revised restrictions on travel from some muslim-majority countries. the appeal will be considered by the 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals in san francisco
 tax equality in nafta revamp: letter"
"san diego/new york (reuters) - a federal judge on thursday said he was leaning toward approving a $25 million settlement of fraud claims against president donald trump and his trump university real estate seminars but deferred a final decision to a later date.  at a hearing in san diego
"washington (reuters) - vice president mike pence took the rare step of breaking a tie in the u.s. senate on thursday
"washington (reuters) - several environmental groups filed lawsuits against the trump administration on thursday to challenge its decision to approve construction of transcanada corp’s controversial keystone xl crude oil pipeline. in two separate filings to a federal court in montana
"washington (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross said on thursday he hopes to start the 90-day countdown clock to launch a renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement before congress takes its spring recess at the end of next week. ross told cnbc in a live interview that he needs leaders of the house ways and means committee and the senate finance committee to sign off on the notification letter before a 90-day consultation period can start.  the administration has sent them a draft letter that lays out some of its negotiating priorities. “there’s no change in our thinking
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of commerce made a final finding that seven foreign producers dumped certain carbon and alloy steel cut-to-length plate in the u.s. market
"washington (reuters) - russia mounted a campaign of “propaganda on steroids” seeking to influence the 2016 u.s. presidential election
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee said on thursday he had accepted the white house’s invitation to review intelligence information
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. commerce department is launching a new review of whether china should be treated as a market economy country
"washington (reuters) - for the second time on thursday
"washington (reuters) - a divided u.s. senate on thursday killed a regulation that had exempted city-run retirement savings plans for low-income workers from strict pension protection laws. utah republican orrin hatch
"washington (reuters) - two white house officials played a role in providing house of representatives intelligence committee chairman devin nunes with documents showing president donald trump and his associates were swept up in surveillance by u.s. intelligence agencies
"new york (reuters) - nearly all of new york city’s millionaires would receive big tax cuts under president donald trump’s proposed tax overhaul
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s supreme court nominee could help decide the fate of his moves to undo climate-related u.s. regulations
"(reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. senate banking committee said on thursday he wants to pass a major piece of bank reform legislation by early next year at the latest. senator mike crapo
"(reuters) - the governor of kansas on thursday vetoed a bill expanding eligibility for medicaid for the poor under the federal affordable care act (aca) because the measure was not fiscally responsible and would still fund planned parenthood. state lawmakers in the republican-controlled senate voted in favor of the measure on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator marco rubio said during a senate intelligence hearing on thursday that unsuccessful cyber attacks from russia targeted former members of his presidential campaign staff in july 2016 and within the past 24 hours. rubio said he would not comment on a remark earlier in the hearing by clinton watts
"washington (reuters) - the white house has invited the top republican and democratic members of the senate and house of representatives intelligence panels to review new material relevant to their investigation into russia’s alleged interference in the u.s. presidential election
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration aims to be forthright with congressional investigations into russian involvement with the 2016 u.s. election
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the house of representatives intelligence committee said on thursday the chamber’s investigation into russian meddling in the u.s. election needs to go forward despite whatever obstacles it may face. “one way or another
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the u.s. senate intelligence committee on wednesday promised a thorough investigation into any direct links between russia and republican donald trump during his successful 2016 run for the white house. committee chairman richard burr and mark warner
"washington (reuters) - u.s. debt held by the public will balloon to 150 percent of economic output by 2047 unless tax and spending laws are changed
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan
"(reuters) - north carolina republican lawmakers said late on wednesday they had reached a deal to repeal the state’s controversial law prohibiting transgender people from using restrooms in accordance with their gender identities. the compromise
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump plans to sign a repeal of obama-era broadband privacy rules as a bigger fight looms over rules governing the openness of the internet
"tokyo (reuters) - u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross is expected to join vice president mike pence for a bilateral economic dialogue in tokyo next month
"washington (reuters) - a looming push to overhaul the u.s. tax code could include the repeal of obamacare taxes left intact by last week’s collapse of the republican healthcare bill
" new york (reuters) - republicans mostly blame the u.s. congress
"honolulu (reuters) - a federal judge in hawaii indefinitely extended on wednesday an order blocking enforcement of president donald trump’s revised  ban on travel to the united states from six predominantly muslim countries. u.s. district judge derrick watson turned an earlier temporary restraining order into a preliminary injunction in a lawsuit brought by the state of hawaii challenging trump’s travel directive as unconstitutional religious discrimination.  trump signed the new ban on march 6 in a bid to overcome legal problems with a january executive order that caused chaos at airports and sparked mass protests before a washington judge stopped its enforcement in february. trump has said the travel ban is needed for national security. in its challenge to the travel ban
"washington (reuters) - u.s. transportation secretary elaine chao said the trump administration would unveil a $1 trillion infrastructure plan later this year
 conservatives try to put aside bitterness to cut tax deal"
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the u.s. federal communications commission is expected to unveil proposed reforms on thursday to the $45 billion business data services market just four months after his democratic predecessor abandoned a reform plan. fcc chairman ajit pai is set to announce reforms but will not propose completely deregulating the market
"washington (reuters) - ivanka trump said on wednesday she would work in the white house in an unpaid
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump backs a decision by his former national security adviser
 conservationists sue u.s. government for ending coal moratorium"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration has informed congress of its plan to pursue the $5 billion sale to bahrain of 19 lockheed martin f-16 aircraft and related equipment
"newark
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. interior department said on wednesday that it would form a new committee to review royalty rates collected from oil and gas drilling
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. judge will hear arguments on thursday over whether to grant final approval to a $25 million settlement of fraud lawsuits against president donald trump over his trump university real estate investment seminars
"brasilia (reuters) - brazilian and u.s. officials are in talks about a white house visit by president michel temer to discuss bilateral trade and investment issues
"washington (reuters) - four democrats on the senate banking committee have called for an investigation into whether the acting chairman of the u.s. securities and exchange commission exceeded his authority by taking steps to scale back or delay rules required by the 2010 dodd-frank law. in a letter to the sec’s internal watchdog
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate banking committee said on wednesday it would vote next week on the nomination of jay clayton
"(reuters) - dr. scott gottlieb
"(reuters) - the assistant to a billionaire real estate developer from macau accused of engaging in a scheme to pay bribes to a former united nations general assembly president is in plea talks
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate investigation into russia’s meddling during the u.s. election should include a thorough review of any financial ties between russia and president donald trump and his associates
"washington (reuters) - leaders of the largest police union in the united states have warned president donald trump that he could endanger public safety if he follows through with cuts in federal grants to immigrant “sanctuary cities
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house voted on tuesday 215-205 to repeal regulations requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers’ privacy than websites like alphabet inc’s google or facebook inc. the white house said earlier tuesday that president donald trump strongly supports the repeal of the rules approved by the federal communications commission in october under then-president barack obama. under the rules
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump told a group of senators on tuesday that he expected lawmakers would be able to reach a deal on healthcare
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday that the senate would have a final vote on april 7 on president donald trump’s nominee for the supreme court
"washington (reuters) - the top republican in congress on tuesday stood by devin nunes
"(reuters) - the kansas senate gave final approval on tuesday to a bill expanding eligibility for medicaid under the federal affordable care act (aca) even though the measure faces a likely veto by republican governor sam brownback. the 25-14 senate vote followed the house’s 81-44 passage of the bill last month
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives republican leaders said on tuesday they still intended to repeal and replace obamacare after their white house-backed bill failed to get enough support and collapsed last week. “the fact that our conference is more resolved than ever to repeal this law is very encouraging and we’re not going to stop until we get it done
 republican ags target them"
"washington (reuters) - a republican-controlled congressional panel rejected a bid by democrats on tuesday to obtain president donald trump’s tax returns
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump backs a decision by his former national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on tuesday signed an order to undo obama-era climate change regulations
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on tuesday overwhelmingly backed the expansion of nato to allow montenegro to join the alliance
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s call for $1.5 billion this year to help build a wall along the border with mexico could be in jeopardy as fellow republicans in congress weigh delaying a decision on the request. republican senator roy blunt
"washington (reuters) - ash carter
"(reuters) - lockheed martin corp is expected to receive pentagon approval on thursday to begin production for 200 new heavy cargo helicopters for the u.s. marines
"(reuters) - u.s. democratic senator claire mccaskill sought on tuesday details from the nation’s top opioid drugmakers on their sales and marketing practices
" washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration has billed his move to re-open federal lands to new coal leases as a win for miners seeking to expand production. but a review of company filings shows that coal miners with the most to gain already have enough leases in hand to last well over a decade.  trump will sign a decree on tuesday to reverse former president barack obama’s 2016 ban on new federal coal leases
"new york (reuters) - u.s. prosecutors on tuesday charged an executive at a turkish state-owned bank with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate u.s. sanctions against iran
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes said on tuesday he will not divulge - even to other members of his panel - who gave him intelligence reports that indicated president donald trump and his associates may have been ensnared in incidental intelligence collection. asked by an abc news reporter whether he would inform the other committee members about who gave him the reports he viewed on the white house grounds last week
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers on tuesday asked the u.s. treasury secretary to review the process a government council uses to label non-bank institutions “too big to fail
 services: lawmakers"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will meet with egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi at the white house on april 3
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will press this week for nato allies to demonstrate a “clear path” to increase defense spending
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the senate finance committee asked the government ethics watchdog on monday to review comments by treasury secretary steven mnuchin plugging “the lego batman movie
"washington (reuters) - a republican-controlled committee of lawmakers approved a bill on tuesday to allow a congressional audit of federal reserve monetary policy
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump spoke by phone to indian prime minister narendra modi on tuesday and said he looked forward to playing host to a visit by modi to washington later this year. the white house said trump spoke with modi to congratulate him on the outcome of recent state-level elections. trump expressed support for modi’s economic reform agenda. “president trump also said he looks forward to hosting prime minister modi in washington later this year
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will attend a group of 20 summit in hamburg
 china's xi to meet april 6-7 in florida: source"
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives are considering a renewed push to pass legislation to repeal and replace obamacare sometime in the next month
"washington (reuters) - house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes on tuesday said his panel’s probe into russian interference in the 2016 u.s. election would continue to move forward. speaking to reporters on capitol hill
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s son-in-law
 will testify"
"washington (reuters) - democratic opposition to president donald trump’s u.s. supreme court nominee grew on monday while the white house demanded a “fair
"(reuters) - the kremlin said that a meeting between jared kushner
"washington (reuters) - attorney general jeff sessions threatened on monday to cut off u.s. justice department grants to cities that fail to assist  federal immigration authorities
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will sign an executive order on tuesday to undo a slew of obama-era climate change regulations
"washington (reuters) - a member of president donald trump’s transition team
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump backs a decision by his former national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi on monday urged house speaker paul ryan to insist that intelligence committee chairman devin nunes recuse himself from the panel’s investigation of alleged ties between president donald trump’s associates and russia. “chairman nunes’ discredited behavior has tarnished that office
 trump hotel profits"
"washington (reuters) - the white house will take a lead role in crafting legislation to overhaul the u.s. tax code
"washington (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said on monday he was committed to working with u.s. president donald trump to advance  peace efforts with the palestinians and with the broader arab world. netanyahu made the pledge in a speech to the largest u.s. pro-israel lobbying group at a time when the trump administration is seeking agreement with his right-wing government on limiting settlement construction on land the palestinians want for a state
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative adam schiff
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes said on monday he did not meet with president donald trump or his aides when he viewed intelligence information on the white house grounds last week. nunes
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will not meet members of turkish opposition groups during a one-day visit to ankara this week where talks with president tayyip erdogan will focus on the war in syria
 nsa"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan has “full confidence” in the investigation of possible russian influence on the 2016 u.s. election campaign being led by house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes
 mukasey in u.s. sanctions case"
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives will not seek to repeal obamacare taxes as a part of expected tax reform legislation
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate democratic leader
"moscow (reuters) - executives of russian state development bank vnesheconombank (veb) held talks with jared kushner
"washington (reuters) - the republican and democratic leaders of the senate intelligence committee said on monday that republican president donald trump’s son-in-law
 business conflicts"
 not hobble
"(reuters) - since president donald trump’s election
"rome (reuters) - italian prime minister paolo gentiloni will meet u.s. president donald trump in the united states on april 20
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative mark meadows
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representative ways and means committee chairman kevin brady said he aims to move a tax reform bill through his committee this spring.  brady told fox news’s “sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo” that his committee had been working on tax reform in parallel with the failed healthcare reform push.  “we’ve never stopped working
"washington (reuters) - fresh off a defeat on u.s. healthcare legislation
 white house seeks help from congress on tax"
"chicago (reuters) - republicans may have failed to overthrow obamacare this week
"washington (reuters) - roger stone
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. representative ted poe resigned from the house freedom caucus on sunday over the conservative legislative group’s role in sinking a healthcare overhaul championed by president donald trump. “saying no is easy
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence on sunday revived talk of the possibility the united states may move its embassy to jerusalem from tel aviv
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will sign an order on tuesday aimed at making it easier for companies to produce energy in the united states
"huntington beach
 trump voters spare him blame"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump suffered a stunning political setback on friday in a congress controlled by his own party when republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the u.s. healthcare system
 but obstacles loom"
"new york/washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on friday that obamacare was “exploding” after republican lawmakers shelved legislation that would have dismantled the healthcare law.  that’s not going to happen this month. probably not even this year. the more than 12 million people who bought 2017 health insurance plans on healthcare.gov and other websites the law created are not in danger of losing their healthcare or having their premiums go up right now
"(reuters) - republican leaders of the house of representatives pulled legislation to overhaul the u.s. healthcare system from consideration on friday due to a shortage of votes
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday that he was disappointed that a conservative faction in the house of representatives blocked his healthcare legislation and said “we learned a lot about loyalty” from the effort. speaking in the oval office after a stunning political setback
"(reuters) - president donald trump on friday was dealt his biggest blow since taking office just over two months ago when house republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the u.s. healthcare system.  throughout his presidential campaign and since taking office
"austin
 but keeps support"
" new york (reuters) - nearly half of american adults said the republican healthcare reform measure is “not an improvement” over obamacare
 it was the lost art of the deal"
"new york (reuters) - planned parenthood
 republicans turn to taxes"
 nsa chiefs in russia probe"
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump suffers a stunning political setback in a congress controlled by his own party when republican leaders pull legislation to overhaul the u.s. healthcare system
 angers city's mayor"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will meet with senior turkish officials in ankara next week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday touted charter communications inc’s decision to invest $25 billion in the united states and a plan the company announced before he was elected to hire 20
"washington (reuters) - aar supply chain inc
"washington (reuters) - a third of democratic senators have so far announced they will vote against confirming u.s. president donald trump’s supreme court nominee
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has told republican leaders in the u.s. house of representative to cancel a planned vote friday afternoon on a healthcare bill to dismantle obamacare
"washington (reuters) - a republican bill to dismantle obamacare has been pulled by u.s. house republican leadership and will not be voted on as planned on friday afternoon
 ending no-show furor"
"(reuters) - wall street’s predilection for a glass-half-full view of president donald trump was on full display friday as investors backed off fears that a failure to repeal obamacare would endanger trump’s entire agenda in favor of optimism that he would simply get on with tax cuts and infrastructure spending. as the clock ticked down to a close vote in the house of representatives set tentatively for friday afternoon
"washington (reuters) - the partisan divide over the house intelligence committee’s probe of russian interference in the u.s. presidential election deepened on friday
 order still halted"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump was being briefed on friday by house speaker paul ryan about the status of voting on the republican bill to replace obamacare
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan told president donald trump on friday that there are not enough votes to pass republicans’ healthcare bill
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the house appropriations committee said on friday he could not support the healthcare bill
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan made a trip to the white house on friday to meet with president donald trump as the healthcare legislation was being hotly debated on capitol hill
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. senate democrat on thursday pledged to pursue a procedural hurdle to try to block the confirmation of republican president donald trump’s supreme court nominee neil gorsuch
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on friday that he believes financial markets could improve “significantly” once they fully reflect the potential for u.s. economic growth from president donald trump’s economic policies. mnuchin said at an event sponsored by news website axios that optimism about u.s. growth from policies such as regulatory reform and tax reform is “definitely not all baked in” to market valuations. u.s. stock prices and the dollar have strengthened significantly since trump was elected in november
"washington (reuters) - a member of the house republican team trying to win support to pass a bill dismantling obamacare said on friday the “next few votes” needed would be the toughest to secure. “the next few votes that we need to get are going to be the toughest
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives on friday cleared the way for a contentious debate on legislation to repeal obamacare and replace it with a more limited federal healthcare insurance program. by a vote of 230-194
"washington (reuters) - vice president mike pence canceled a planned trip to two u.s. states on friday to work with president donald trump as the house of representatives sought to vote on republicans’ healthcare bill
"calgary
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on friday unveiled his administration’s official go-ahead for the keystone xl pipeline
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said u.s. house speaker paul ryan should stay on as leader even if republicans’ healthcare plan to dismantle obamacare fails to pass the chamber later on friday. asked about the bill
"(reuters) - transcanada corp (trp.to) said on friday the u.s. department of state issued a presidential permit for the construction of the keystone xl oil pipeline
"washington (reuters) - white house budget director mick mulvaney said on friday he did not know if there was enough support in the u.s. house of representatives to pass republicans’ healthcare bill to dismantle obamacare.  “that’s up to the house to count their own votes
"washington (reuters) - in the middle of a confused three-day scramble by u.s. republicans to save their plan to dismantle obamacare
"washington (reuters) - the republican head of the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee apologized on thursday for the way he handled sensitive allegations about u.s. spy agency surveillance of president donald trump’s team.     representative devin nunes was criticized by colleagues on wednesday for calling a news conference to announce that the communications of members of the team that ran trump’s transition to the presidency were swept up in incidental surveillance targeting foreigners. democrats were upset that nunes made the comments to the media and then briefed trump in the white house without informing them. they questioned whether the intelligence panel could run a credible investigation. a republican intelligence committee aide said on thursday that nunes had apologized to democrats on the panel. “yes
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will announce the approval of the keystone xl oil pipeline at the white house on friday
"seattle (reuters) - a u.s. tax overhaul proposed by republican leaders in congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like boeing co and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration reiterated its concerns about israeli settlement activity
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump warned house republican lawmakers that he will leave obamacare in place and move on to tax reform if they do not get behind new healthcare legislation and support it in a vote on friday. it was not clear late on thursday evening that trump and the republican leaders who crafted the bill had enough support to pass it
"washington (reuters) - supporters of obamacare staged rallies across the country on thursday denouncing efforts by president donald trump and republican congressional leaders to repeal the landmark law that has extended medical insurance coverage to some 20 million americans. hundreds of demonstrators turned out in washington
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate businessman william hagerty as the next u.s. ambassador to japan
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is expected to nominate attorney john sullivan as deputy secretary of state
 procurement: officials"
"detroit (reuters) - when u.s. president donald trump announced a review last week of tough obama-era vehicle emissions and fuel-efficiency standards
"washington (reuters) - vice president mike pence said on thursday after a meeting at the white house with president donald trump and house republican moderates that “we’re making strong progress” on efforts to reach agreement on a republican healthcare bill. “@potus & i gathered the tuesday group at the @whitehouse. we’re making strong progress to #passthebill
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: trump fails to persuade enough skeptical members of his own republican party to begin dismantling obamacare
"washington (reuters) - iran would face tighter u.s. sanctions over ballistic missile launches and other non-nuclear activities under a bill announced on thursday by a bipartisan group of senators
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will vote next week on the ratification of montenegro as the newest member of the nato alliance
 agency finds"
"washington (reuters) - a revised republican bill to dismantle obamacare moving through the u.s. house of representatives would lead to the same number of americans losing health insurance as under the initial plan
"washington (reuters) - jay clayton
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump and fellow republicans in the house of representatives have proposed a healthcare law to kick off their promise to repeal and replace obamacare. following are some questions and answers about healthcare spending and health insurance coverage in the united states as republicans try to throw out president barack obama’s signature piece of domestic policy
 makes headway with conservatives"
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 republican in the u.s. house of representatives said on thursday lawmakers would begin debating a bill to roll back obamacare on friday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday narrowly confirmed president donald trump’s nominee to be ambassador to israel
"washington (reuters) - the house of representatives on thursday delayed a vote on legislation to begin dismantling obamacare as president donald trump and leaders in congress labored to find enough support among fellow republicans for their version of a new federal healthcare policy
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senators have been informed by senate majority leader mitch mcconnell that a vote on a republican repeal and replacement of obamacare might not be held in the house of representatives before monday
 house freedom caucus chairman says"
"washington (reuters) - white house spokesman sean spicer said on thursday he believed the house of representatives was still on track to hold a vote on thursday night on healthcare legislation backed by president donald trump. spicer
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday voted narrowly to repeal regulations requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers’ privacy than websites like alphabet inc’s google (googl.o) or facebook inc (fb.o). the vote was along party lines
"washington (reuters) - members of the house intelligence committee have not yet seen the material on the incidental surveillance of donald trump’s transition team the panel’s chairman discussed publicly
"washington (reuters) - the head of the conservative republican study committee in the u.s. house of representatives said on thursday he believed the chamber would go ahead with a planned evening vote on a bill to begin dismantling obamacare. “i think we’re moving forward
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative bradley byrne said on thursday the white house’s attention to conservative house freedom caucus members could hurt the healthcare bill’s prospects and warned that it faces diminishing odds if a vote is not held this week. “the vast majority of us in the republican conference have been left out of these discussions
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the house intelligence committee apologized to democratic members of the panel for going public and to the white house before briefing them about information he said he obtained about surveillance of president donald trump’s team
 panel democrat says"
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. representative mo brooks said he believed up to 40 republicans still opposed their party’s healthcare legislation on thursday
" (this march 22 story was corrected to remove reference to inhofe being chairman in paragraph four) washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate committee easily passed a bill on wednesday to enable the nuclear regulator to license advanced nuclear reactors that backers say are safer than conventional plants and can help deal with a growing waste problem. the nuclear energy innovation and modernization act requires the nuclear regulatory commission to develop a regulatory framework to enable the licensing of advanced nuclear reactors that could come into development in 10 or 15 years.   the bill passed 18-3 in the environment and public works committee.  republican senator james inhofe
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 democrat in the u.s. house of representatives said on thursday it was clear republicans were falling short in their effort to secure votes to pass their healthcare bill
"tel aviv (reuters) - two months after stepping down as barack obama’s ambassador to israel
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee set off a political firestorm on wednesday when he said the communications of members of donald trump’s transition team were caught up in incidental surveillance targeting foreigners. representative devin nunes said at a news conference that it was possible president trump’s own communications were also intercepted and disseminated among u.s. intelligence agencies. the white house seized on nunes’ remarks
"(reuters) - hawaii lawmaker beth fukumoto
"washington (reuters) - the state department
"washington (reuters) - a spokesman for senate democratic leader charles schumer said on wednesday a proposal to add a provision to a republican healthcare bill repealing essential obamacare benefits would violate reconciliation rules and thus require 60 votes to pass the chamber. “repealing the essential health benefits provisions under the affordable care act is a policy change
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on wednesday took up a measure to repeal regulations adopted by the obama administration requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers’ privacy than websites like alphabet inc’s google or facebook inc. the senate began debate on wednesday evening under a provision that allows congress to repeal recently approved federal regulations. under the rules approved by the federal communications commission in october under then-president barack obama
 more pressure on islamic state"
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on wednesday: the republican chairman of the house of representatives intelligence committee says some of trump’s personal communications may have been caught up in “incidental” surveillance involving a foreign power in the months after the election. the main investigative panel of the house of representatives has asked the white house and the fbi for documents regarding former national security adviser michael flynn’s foreign contacts with russia
"washington (reuters) - supreme court nominee neil gorsuch said on wednesday presidents must obey court orders and expressed uncertainty about language in the constitution barring u.s. government officials from taking payments from a foreign country as democrats grilled him on issues involving president donald trump. gorsuch
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives could achieve common ground on a deal to win support for healthcare legislation on thursday
 does not mention travel ban"
 reducing crime"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative mark meadows
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee democrat said on wednesday he had “grave concerns” about the committee’s ability to conduct a credible investigation after its republican chairman suggested president donald trump’s communications may have been collected during surveillance. “i have expressed my grave concerns with the chairman that a credible investigation cannot be conducted this way
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee said on wednesday that actions by the committee’s chairman cast “profound doubt” on its ability to conduct a reliable investigation of potential ties between president donald trump’s campaign and russia. “this is not how you conduct an investigation. you don’t take information that the committee hasn’t seen and present it orally to the press and to the white house before the committee has a chance to vet whether it’s even significant
"denver (reuters) - a colorado talk radio host who once chaired the state republican party and has accused democrats of widespread voter fraud has been charged with forging his ex-wife’s signature on a mail-in ballot in the 2016 election
"(reuters) - financial market concerns are rising about the pace of policymaking in washington under u.s. president donald trump and fellow republicans in congress
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative mark meadows
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative mark meadows
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. house freedom caucus on wednesday said there were still not enough votes to pass the republican healthcare plan
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. house freedom caucus said his group of conservative republican lawmakers remained opposed to republican leaders’ proposed bill to rollback obamacare
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday that he felt “somewhat” vindicated by republican congressman devin nunes’ announcement that it was possible that some of trump’s communications had been picked up by government surveillance. “i somewhat do
"new york (reuters) - a new york state judge on wednesday ordered exxonmobil corp to work with new york’s attorney general to recover lost emails from an account once used by u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson when he was the oil company’s chief executive. justice barry ostrager of the state supreme court in manhattan also ordered exxon by march 31 to turn over documents from its management committee that had been subpoenaed by eric schneiderman
"washington/oslo (reuters) - the united states remains committed to the “principles and goals” of the global transparency initiative to fight corruption in managing revenues from oil
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump believes the house of representatives will pass a key healthcare bill on thursday
"washington (reuters) - the main investigative panel of the u.s. house of representatives has asked the white house and the fbi for documents regarding former national security adviser michael flynn’s foreign contacts with russia
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. military said it has not yet been ordered to establish what secretary of state rex tillerson on wednesday called “interim zones of stability” to help refugees return home as the campaign against islamic state advances. “we have received no direction as of yet to establish any types of zones
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday declined to say what steps he would take if republican leaders’ proposed legislation to dismantle obamacare failed to pass the house of representatives. asked whether he will keep pushing the bill aimed at replacing former president barack obama’s affordable care act if a vote on the replacement fails
"washington (reuters) - u.s. labor secretary nominee r. alexander acosta told a senate committee on wednesday he would abide by president donald trump’s directive to review a pending “fiduciary rule” for retirement investment advisers
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of a powerful house of representatives committee said on wednesday that he remains confident congress will act to overhaul financial regulations “this year.” jeb hensarling
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate foreign relations committee will meet with secretary of state rex tillerson to discuss the administration’s proposed budget
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on wednesday ruled that basic elements in cheerleader uniform designs merit copyright protection
"washington (reuters) - the united states will increase pressure on islamic state and al qaeda and work to set up “interim zones of stability” to help refugees return home in the next phase of the battle to defeat the groups
"garner
 bank lobbyists temper expectations for dodd-frank overhaul"
 koch brothers at odds over 'trumpcare' vote"
 freddie revamp plan unlikely this year
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump tried to rally republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle obamacare on tuesday as u.s. stock markets showed their worst one-day performance since the november election.  trump is trying to win the first major legislative battle of his presidency. pressure is growing on the businessman-turned politician to deliver as investors become worried that a failed healthcare push could also portend trouble for promised tax cuts and relaxed regulation that have propelled the market to record highs in recent months. in one of the few visits he has made to the u.s. capitol since taking office two months ago
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will attend a summit of leaders of nato nations on may 25 in brussels
 says he is keeping promises"
 says he is no 'rubber stamp'"
"(reuters) - neil gorsuch has taken part in more than 2
"washington (reuters) - secretary of state rex tillerson has written to the leaders of the u.s. senate urging the ratification of montenegro as the newest member of the nato alliance
"fort meade
"washington/brussels (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson proposed new dates on tuesday for a nato meeting
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration is not considering a carbon tax
"washington (reuters) - the united states pulled out of a regional hearing held on tuesday to discuss the possible effects on human rights from executive orders signed by u.s. president donald trump targeting immigrants and refugees
 angering conservatives"
washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on tuesday it offered new dates for a nato foreign ministers’ meeting when secretary of state rex tillerson could attend after officials on monday said he would skip the scheduled april 5-6 gathering in brussels. state department spokesman mark toner also told reporters during a conference call that the united states remained “100 percent” committed to the 28-member western security alliance. 
 visit russia in april - sources"
"(reuters) - u.s. congressman ro khanna asked the department of defense for an investigation into the business practices of aircraft components supplier transdigm group inc
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. chamber of commerce said in a letter to lawmakers on tuesday that it supported the republican healthcare bill that could come up for a vote in the house of representatives as early as thursday. the chamber said it would consider how lawmakers vote on the bill in its annual “how they voted scorecard
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is reviewing whether it will reaffirm the goal of a world without nuclear weapons
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump tried to rally republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle obamacare on tuesday as u.s. stock markets showed their worst one-day performance since the november election.  trump is trying to win the first major legislative battle of his presidency. pressure is growing on the businessman-turned politician to deliver as investors become worried that a failed healthcare push could also portend trouble for promised tax cuts and relaxed regulation that have propelled the market to record highs in recent months. in one of the few visits he has made to the u.s. capitol since taking office two months ago
 fired by trump
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday put new restrictions on presidential powers
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on tuesday: trump goes to capitol hill to warn republican lawmakers that voters could punish them if they do not approve the plan he favors to dismantle obamacare
"(reuters) - the top democrat on the u.s. senate banking committee told bankers gathered in washington on tuesday that his party would not support drastic changes to the dodd-frank financial reform law. sen. sherrod brown said he was eager to work on areas of bipartisan agreement
"moscow (reuters) - russia’s foreign ministry declined on tuesday to confirm or deny reported plans by u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson to visit moscow
 uk's may says on holding hands"
 says moscow backed trump"
"(reuters) - maryland’s house of delegates on monday approved legislation to bar police statewide from checking the immigration status of individuals they arrest or keeping them locked up longer than otherwise warranted at the request of federal agents seeking to deport them. the state senate in annapolis
"washington (reuters) - iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi said he won assurances of greater u.s. support in fighting islamic state militants in talks on monday with president donald trump and top advisers
"louisville
"louisville
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s daughter
"washington (reuters) - some republican lawmakers appear to be reassessing whether to make changes to a surveillance law that allows broad snooping of internet communications
 on u.s. visit
"washington (reuters) - the house intelligence committee on monday held an unusual open hearing on russian interference in the 2016 u.s. presidential election and related issues. here are key quotes from the hearing
"washington (reuters) - neil gorsuch
"new york/washington (reuters) - new york attorney general eric schneiderman
"(reuters) - a proposal by the trump administration to cut $190 million in funding for updating u.s. maps of flood-prone areas would trigger higher insurance rates or more homebuilding in risky locations
" washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump says he wants to build dozens of new warships in one of the biggest peace-time expansions of the u.s. navy. but interviews with ship-builders
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on monday: fbi director james comey confirms for the first time that the bureau is investigating possible ties between trump’s presidential campaign and russia as moscow sought to influence the 2016 u.s. election. neil gorsuch
"new york (reuters) - puerto rico’s governor proposed measures on monday to reduce anticipated budget cuts at the university of puerto rico to $241 million by fiscal year 2021
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson “sent a very clear signal that our policy of strategic patience is over” with north korea during his recent visit to china
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will speak to republican members of the house of representatives on tuesday about the republican healthcare legislation before congress
 forbes says"
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump’s outspoken doubts about climate change and his administration’s efforts to roll back regulation to combat it have stirred a sleepy faction in u.s. politics: the republican environmental movement.  the various groups represent conservatives
"santiago (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump expressed concern about the political and humanitarian situation in venezuela in a call on sunday with chilean president michelle bachelet
"washington (reuters) - european foreign policy chief federica mogherini expressed concern on monday over the trump administration’s proposed deep cut in u.s. foreign assistance
 boost benefits to older americans"
"washington (reuters) - fbi director james comey on monday confirmed the agency was investigating possible russian government efforts to interfere in the 2016 u.s. election including any links between president donald trump’s campaign and moscow. comey told a congressional hearing on russian activities that the probe “includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the trump campaign and the russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and russia’s efforts.” “because it is an open
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee flatly denied on monday that there had been a wiretap on president donald trump’s trump tower in new york
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative adam schiff
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives rules committee announced on monday that it will hold a hearing on the republican healthcare bill on wednesday at 10 a.m. edt (1400 gmt). the fourth and final house hearing on the bill
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday cleared the way for prosecutors to pursue bribery charges against democratic senator robert menendez of new jersey
"baden baden
 possibly restarting 'dumb deal'"
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on sunday: u.s. house republicans are working on changes to their healthcare overhaul bill to provide more generous tax credits for older americans and add a work requirement for the medicaid program for the poor
"(reuters) - new york democratic governor andrew cuomo on sunday unveiled a $1.8 billion highway reconstruction plan in new york city’s south bronx aimed at benefiting one of the world’s biggest food markets and an area once seen as a symbol of urban blight. it was the latest public works plan announced by cuomo at a time when such projects are increasingly on the national agenda. republican president donald trump has vowed to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers from both parties said on sunday they had seen no proof to support the claim by republican president donald trump that his predecessor barack obama had wiretapped him last year
"washington (reuters) - a detailed version of president donald trump’s budget to be released in may will lay out plans to eventually erase u.s. deficits
 tax credit changes: ryan"
"beijing (reuters) - with warm words from chinese president xi jinping on sunday
"dublin (reuters) - president donald trump may begin his overhaul of the u.s. tax code as early as late spring
 china soften tone
"new york (reuters) - meals on wheels america
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of homeland security has issued requests for proposals for prototypes for a wall along the mexican border
"austin
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department is developing plans to temporarily reassign immigration judges from around the country to 12  cities to speed up deportations of illegal immigrants who have been charged with crimes
 china calls for diplomacy on north korea"
"london (reuters) - allegations from the united states that british spy agency gchq snooped on donald trump during his election campaign are “arrant nonsense”
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department on friday said it delivered documents to congressional committees responding to their request for information that could shed light on president donald trump’s claims that former president barack obama ordered u.s. agencies to spy on him. the information was sent to the house and senate intelligence and judiciary committees
 u.s. hold 'candid' talks on north korea
 u.s. in 'close communication' on xi-trump meeting"
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. government took the legal battle over president donald trump’s travel ban to a higher court on friday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican congressional leaders have refused democrats’ calls for a special prosecutor or select committee to investigate possible links between president donald trump’s campaign and russia
"(reuters) - south dakota’s republican governor dennis daugaard on friday vetoed a pair of bills that would have loosened restrictions on carrying concealed guns in the state
"washington/boston (reuters) - makan delrahim
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration took an unusual step on friday in its efforts to defang the u.s. financial consumer watchdog created after the banking crisis
"washington (reuters) - a man who jumped over the white house fence last week was on the grounds for 16 minutes before he was apprehended
"new york (reuters) - forty house democrats
"washington (reuters) - federal prosecutors in alexandria
 shrugs off row with britain"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday agreed to changes in the republican plan for obamacare
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is crafting a big new arms package for taiwan that could include advanced rocket systems and anti-ship missiles to defend against china
"(reuters) - a lobbyist whose firm made payments to a law firm employing the son of late new york state senator thomas libous
"san francisco (reuters) - the republican-proposed bill to replace obamacare would be a credit negative for u.s. states
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday he “very seldom” regrets anything he tweets
 white house tries to explain wiretapping charge"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is expected to nominate new york lawyer george t. conway iii to lead the u.s. justice department’s civil division
"(reuters) - a committee of kansas lawmakers will be charged with reconciling differences in legislation passed to plug a $280 million hole in the state’s fiscal 2017 budget after the senate passed a revised version of a house-approved bill late on thursday. both versions would allow the state to borrow money from a long-term investment fund and delay a payment to the kansas public employees retirement system. but the monetary amounts and plans to repay the cash differ
 aid programs draw republican scorn"
"(reuters) - proponents of government efforts to clean up hazardous waste sites like radioactive soil buried in a st. louis-area landfill fear the trump administration’s proposed 30 percent budget cut will slow or damage the already struggling superfund program. the white house budget proposal submitted to congress on thursday includes a 31 percent cut in spending for the u.s. environmental protecting agency
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republicans’ proposed healthcare plan to unravel obamacare likely will be changed to adjust its tax credits to help older americans buy health insurance coverage
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday met with a dozen conservative republicans from the house of representatives and said all of them were now planning to support the bill to replace obamacare after previously opposing or questioning it. “all of these no’s or potential no’s are all yeses
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump maintains his support of republican house leaders’ healthcare plan
"london (reuters) - britain has received assurances from the united states that allegations the gchq intelligence agency helped former president barack obama eavesdrop on donald trump will not be repeated
 causing worry in coal country"
"washington (reuters) - while he has swallowed a big budget cut and had the white house veto his chosen deputy
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s proposal to do away with the federal agency that investigates chemical accidents drew sharp criticism from environmental
"(reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson’s use of an alias email address while he was chief executive at exxon mobil corp was “entirely proper
"honolulu/new york (reuters) - a defiant president donald trump has pledged to appeal to the u.s. supreme court if necessary to fight for his revised travel ban
"(reuters) - irish prime minister enda kenny pressed u.s. president donald trump about undocumented immigrants in the united states at their first meeting on thursday
 says twitter account compromised"
 conservatives angry as healthcare overhaul inches ahead"
"new york (reuters) - federal and state prosecutors said on thursday they would not bring criminal charges against new york city mayor bill de blasio or his aides in two simultaneous year-long investigations into his fundraising practices. but the mayor’s conduct was criticized by prosecutors
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration on thursday proposed a 31 percent cut to the environmental protection agency’s budget
 democrats reject trump's obama wiretap assertion"
 great lakes clean-ups"
"tampa
 tillerson works to win long-term influence"
' says a judge who ruled against trump"
 saudi deputy crown prince discuss fight against islamic state"
"chicago (reuters) - agriculture leaders including lawmakers from president donald trump’s republican party on thursday criticized his planned 21 percent cut to discretionary spending at the u.s. department of agriculture (usda)
 lockheed martin winners in trump's 2017 supplemental request"
"(reuters) - six u.s. senate democrats on thursday stepped up efforts to get more clarity from the white house and chief of the environmental protection agency on carl icahn’s role as special adviser on regulations to president donald trump.  the lawmakers
 found with boy in motel
"berlin (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on thursday that the trump administration has no desire to get into trade wars
 guantanamo upgrade"
 says turkish minister"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump stands by his allegation that former president barack obama ordered trump tower to be wiretapped during the 2016 campaign
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel told a newspaper she was looking forward to meeting u.s. president donald trump in washington on friday. “it’s always better to talk with each other than about each other
"washington (reuters) - the white house’s 2018 budget plan for the u.s. department of energy includes $120 million for nuclear waste programs including the restart of licensing for nevada’s yucca mountain
 other countries being evaluated: state dept."
"washington (reuters) - the republican head of the foreign affairs committee in the u.s. house of representatives said on thursday he was worried about the trump administration’s proposal to deeply cut the state department budget for the 2018 fiscal year. “i am very concerned that deep cuts to our diplomacy will hurt efforts to combat terrorism
 security adviser"
"washington (reuters) - it’s not unusual for a newly minted white house to present what’s known as a “skinny budget
 foreign aid"
"berlin (reuters) - german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble said on thursday he had a “friendly and constructive” discussion with u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin in berlin and they agreed to work together to promote sustainable global growth and prosperity. “we found a good basis” to work together
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday that president donald trump is playing a constructive role in new health care legislation and helping bridge differences among congressional republicans. “this president is getting deeply involved
 etihad boarding as usual after second trump travel ban blocked"
 gives no details"
"washington (reuters) - senior boeing (ba.n) executive patrick shanahan is u.s. president donald trump’s nominee to take over the no. 2 role at the pentagon as deputy u.s. defense secretary
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house budget committee approved republicans’ healthcare bill in a 19-17 vote on thursday that moves the legislation to a final committee before sending it for a full vote before the u.s. house of representatives. the panel backed the plan pending non-binding changes to the legislation to unwind the affordable health care act
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the house armed services committee said on thursday president donald trump’s 2018 budget proposal does not include enough funds to rebuild the nation’s military. “it is clear to virtually everyone that we have cut our military too much and that it has suffered enormous damage
"seoul (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson flew to asia accompanied by only one journalist on his aircraft
"tokyo (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on thursday the state department’s current spending was “not sustainable
"detroit/washington (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday ordered a review of tough u.s. vehicle fuel-efficiency standards put in place by the obama administration
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese foreign minister fumio kishida said on thursday he agreed with visiting u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson that north korea’s nuclear and missile programs were not permissible. tillerson
 seoul on north korea"
 slashes domestic programs"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is proposing to shift oversight of the u.s. air traffic control from the federal government to an independent group
"new york (reuters) - the cost to healthcare companies for u.s. regulatory review of their products
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump used his barnstorming strategy on wednesday to try to build momentum for his first legislative initiative
 google
"honolulu/new york (reuters) - just hours before president donald trump’s revised travel ban was set to go into effect
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s senior counselor for economic initiatives
"nashville
"washington (reuters) - a budget proposal to be released by president donald trump on thursday will call for spending cuts of up to 31 percent for the u.s. state department and 28 percent for foreign aid
"washington (reuters) - a key republican lawmaker said on wednesday he did not believe the obama administration wiretapped trump tower during the 2016 election campaign
 epa: ny times"
"aboard air force one (reuters) - president donald trump is working with republican leaders in the house of representatives to make changes to their healthcare overhaul plan to ensure it has enough support to be approved by lawmakers
' white house official says"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump suggested more information would be coming out soon about his claim that former president barack obama ordered a wiretap of trump tower during the 2016 presidential campaign. “i think you’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks
 17 republicans join fight against global warming"
"washington (reuters) - secretary of state rex tillerson will have “substantive
"washington (reuters) - one of u.s. president donald trump’s most protectionist trade advisers struck a more conciliatory tone with mexico on wednesday
 nsa chiefs to testify on trump wiretap claims
"washington (reuters) - the environmental protection agency confirmed on wednesday it would reopen a review of whether the obama administration’s 2022-2025 vehicle emission rules are feasible
"washington (reuters) - a large group of conservative lawmakers are close to approving proposed healthcare legislation
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats on wednesday outlined how they will question supreme court nominee neil gorsuch at his confirmation hearing next week over what they say is a pro-corporate bias in his rulings as an appeals court judge. democratic leader chuck schumer told reporters that the burden is on gorsuch
"washington/boca raton (reuters) - the top u.s. derivatives regulator laid out plans on wednesday for a sweeping overhaul of the agency that will include everything from cutting regulation to restructuring the unit that conducts surveillance for market abuses. in a wide-ranging policy speech that drew a rare standing ovation from more than 1
"new york (reuters) - u.s. environmental group the sierra club has asked the environmental protection agency’s inspector general to investigate whether the agency’s head
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration has been contacting u.s. energy companies to ask them about their views on the u.n. global climate accord
"washington (reuters) - the top republican and democrat on the u.s. senate banking committee both said on wednesday that sanctions imposed on russia over its involvement in ukraine must not be lifted without drastic changes by russia. senator mike crapo
"washington (reuters) - a group of republican and democratic u.s. senators introduced legislation on wednesday that would provide an additional 2
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. government said on wednesday that 12.2 million americans across 50 states had selected an individual insurance plan as of jan. 31
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on tuesday: the white house and congressional leaders say they are weighing changes to their plan to dismantle the obamacare health law as republicans’ questions mount following an estimate that it would cause 14 million americans to lose insurance next year. msnbc host rachel maddow says on twitter she has obtained donald trump’s 2005 tax returns
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump paid $38 million in taxes on more than $150 million in income in 2005
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. senate intelligence committee said on tuesday he plans to hold public hearings on possible links between president donald trump’s campaign and russia
 trump meeting a 'turning point': saudi adviser"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will nominate goldman sachs (gs.n) banker james donovan as deputy treasury secretary
 trump meeting a 'turning point': saudi adviser"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump plans to nominate j. christopher giancarlo to lead the commodity futures trading commission
"new york (reuters) - a group advising u.s. president donald trump on infrastructure has proposed an arbitration-style pilot program to slash the current 10 years it often takes to break ground on projects
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s choice for the top u.s. trade negotiator on tuesday pledged an “america first” strategy to aggressively enforce u.s. laws and trade deals to stop unfair imports and push china to scrap excess factory capacity. robert lighthizer
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration is preparing to release a wide-ranging executive order to reduce the role that climate change plays in policy decisions
"washington (reuters) - veteran u.s. diplomat anne patterson is out of the running to under secretary of defense for policy
 exxon says"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee to be u.s. trade representative
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on tuesday that president donald trump does not agree with a controversial tweet on immigration and birth rates by republican representative steve king. “the president believes that this is not a point of view that he shares. he believes he’s the president for all americans
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee to be u.s. trade representative said on tuesday that he believes china substantially manipulated its currency in the past to gain a trade advantage
"(reuters) - president donald trump is set to sign an order to greatly reduce the role climate change plays in decision making across the u.s. government
 aerospace manufacturers back u.s. tax overhaul"
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is working with congress on amending the proposed republican healthcare bill through talks with leaders in the house of representatives
 welcome health-care plan"
"(reuters) - shares of hospitals and health insurers fell on tuesday after the u.s. congressional budget office forecast that 14 million americans would lose medical insurance by next year under a republican plan to dismantle obamacare. among the hospitals
" (in march 13 item
"new york (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson
"washington (reuters) - two u.s. senators from midwestern states will introduce a bill on tuesday that would require foreign companies buying u.s. food and agriculture firms to undergo a review aimed at ensuring the deal would not hurt u.s. food security. the legislation from senators chuck grassley
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on monday: fourteen million americans would lose medical insurance by next year under a republican plan to dismantle obamacare
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of justice said on monday it had asked for more time to respond to a request from lawmakers for evidence about president donald trump’s allegation that then-president barack obama wiretapped him during the 2016 election campaign. earlier this month
"(reuters) - president donald trump has given the central intelligence agency new authority to conduct drone attacks against suspected militants
"jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s middle east envoy and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu met on monday
"washington (reuters) - a republican plan to repeal taxes set under obamacare would benefit the wealthiest u.s. households at more than five times the rate for middle-income families
 medicaid"
"new york (reuters) - puerto rico’s federal oversight board voted unanimously on monday to certify the government’s fiscal turnaround plan
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin will be “pushing hard” to advance u.s. interests in his debut meeting with group of 20 counterparts this week
 not 'destroy
"(reuters) - a kansas state senator on monday declined to back down from comments comparing planned parenthood to nazi concentration camps
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration on monday rejected a report by the u.s. congressional budget office that concluded millions of americans would lose health insurance under a republican plan to dismantle obamacare. u.s. health secretary tom price told reporters at the white house that the administration strenuously disagreed with the report
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is set to formally announce a review of vehicle fuel efficiency rules locked in at the end of the obama administration when he meets with automaker chiefs this week
"(reuters) - a group of states renewed their effort on monday to block president donald trump’s revised temporary ban on refugees and travelers from several muslim-majority countries
"washington (reuters) - millions of americans would lose their health insurance under the republican healthcare plan backed by president donald trump
"(reuters) - if the republicans’ plan to dismantle most of obamacare is approved later this month by the u.s. house of representatives
"berlin (reuters) - she is controlled and cautious
"new york (reuters) - the trump administration told states on monday that it was opening the door for them to make changes to their health insurance programs by using a section of the 2010 affordable care act that gives them the flexibility to do so. president donald trump and tom price
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative steve king on monday stood by controversial remarks on immigration and birth rates
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s nominee to head the agriculture department said in senate ethics disclosure forms that he would place his assets
"washington (reuters) - aides to u.s. president donald trump on sunday attacked the credibility of the nonpartisan agency that will analyze the costs of a replacement for obamacare
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on sunday: aides to trump attack the credibility of the nonpartisan agency that will analyze the costs of a replacement for obamacare
"washington (reuters) - when johnathan smith resigned from the u.s. justice department on inauguration day
"jakarta (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence will visit japan and indonesia as part of an asian tour next month
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. representative todd rokita keeps a clock hanging on the wall of his capitol hill office that tracks the u.s. government’s rising debt in real time and reminds him of his top priority: reining in federal spending. “i was sent here on a fiscal note
"washington (reuters) - two days before u.s. attorney preet bharara was fired
"new york/washington (reuters) - the trump administration’s firing of manhattan u.s. attorney preet bharara sent shockwaves through new york
"(reuters) - a group holding more than $10 billion of puerto rican debt wants the island’s federally appointed financial oversight board to postpone a wednesday deadline to approve a fiscal turnaround plan for puerto rico
"austin
"berlin (reuters) - she is controlled and cautious
' respects independence"
"washington (reuters) - a prominent u.s. prosecutor said the trump administration fired him on saturday after he refused to step down
"new york (reuters) - the american civil liberties union is launching what it bills as the first grassroots mobilization effort in its nearly 100-year history
"(reuters) - puerto rico’s governor said on saturday he has delivered a revised fiscal turnaround plan to the u.s. territory’s financial oversight board that includes $262 million in additional revenue and changes to healthcare funding.  governor ricardo rossello’s initial plan
"washington (reuters) - maryland became the latest state to join in legal challenges against president donald trump’s revised temporary travel ban on friday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions abruptly asked the remaining 46 chief federal prosecutors left over from the obama administration to resign on friday
"(reuters) - a federal judge in wisconsin dealt the first legal blow to president donald trump’s revised travel ban on friday
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives majority leader kevin mccarthy said on friday it would be “very difficult” to accelerate the end of enrollment in the obamacare medicaid expansion
 ukraine: u.s. officials"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has chosen dr. scott gottlieb
"ottawa (reuters) - most of the people crossing the u.s. border into canada to claim asylum had been in the united states legally
" washington (reuters) - a series of tweets by white house spokesman sean spicer on friday commenting on strong february job creation figures may have run afoul of federal guidance barring most officials from commenting on key economic data within an hour of its release.  the rule
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on friday that president donald trump did not know until this week that his former national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - three republican senators
 fate uncertain"
"jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday invited palestinian president mahmoud abbas for a visit to the white house
"new york (reuters) - the trump national golf club in westchester county
"washington (reuters) - the new head of the environmental protection agency said on thursday he is not convinced that carbon dioxide from human activity is the main driver of climate change and said he wants congress to weigh in on whether co2 is a harmful pollutant that should be regulated. in an interview with cnbc
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson has recused himself from issues related to transcanada corp’s application for a permit for the keystone xl pipeline
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: the trump-backed republican plan to overhaul the u.s. healthcare system clears its first hurdle but chances for passage in congress look uncertain amid opposition by democrats
"washington (reuters) - the head of a u.s. government ethics watchdog said on thursday he was concerned about the white house decision not to discipline presidential adviser kellyanne conway after she publicly endorsed a clothing and jewelry line sold by president donald trump’s daughter ivanka trump. “not taking disciplinary action against a senior official under such circumstances risks undermining the ethics program
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump has launched a charm offensive of the type not seen before in his brief and chaotic tenure
"(reuters) - several states said on thursday they would move forward with legal challenges to a revised executive order signed by president donald trump this week that temporarily bars the admission of refugees and some travelers from a group of muslim-majority countries. the new travel order
"washington (reuters) - fbi director james comey on thursday met with senior congressional leaders
"washington (reuters) - u.s. congressional panels in the house and senate on thursday approved - with bipartisan support - a handful of bills aimed at helping companies raise capital
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department held out the possibility on thursday that secretary of state rex tillerson might take reporters with him to asia after it initially broke with decades of tradition by telling the media he would not. “we are still working out the logistics for this trip
 pledges to scale back regulations"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate intelligence committee voted overwhelmingly on thursday in favor of president donald trump’s nominee to be director of national intelligence
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate intelligence committee wants some former aides of president donald trump to testify in its investigation of russian interference in the 2016 u.s. presidential election
"washington (reuters) - a republican plan backed by president donald trump to overhaul the u.s. healthcare system passed through a second congressional panel on thursday
"(reuters) - state legislators in new hampshire narrowly blocked a bill on thursday that would have prohibited discrimination against transgender people
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on thursday urged fellow republicans to back the party’s healthcare bill
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate foreign relations committee voted 12-9 on thursday to approve president donald trump’s nominee as ambassador to israel
 taxes"
"washington (reuters) - contractors likely breached security and handed over documents describing the central intelligence agency’s use of hacking tools to anti-secrecy group wikileaks
"washington (reuters) - the disclosure this week of documents describing secret cia hacking tools shows that intensified u.s. government efforts to prevent leaks by intelligence agency employees and contractors have largely failed
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on thursday said he expects congressional analysts to unveil their review of the cost and impact of house republican’s healthcare plan by monday. in an interview with politico
"(reuters) - the state of hawaii requested emergency court intervention on wednesday to halt a revised executive order from president donald trump placing u.s. entry restrictions on refugees and travelers from six muslim-majority countries. arguing that the new travel ban violates the u.s. constitution
"shanghai/washington (reuters) - china has granted preliminary approval for 38 trademarks linked to donald trump
 democrats take aim"
"san francisco (reuters) - wikileaks documents showing the u.s. central intelligence agency considered a “mission” against connected car technology underscores auto industry concern that the science behind the next generation of vehicles could be turned against them. cyber security is considered key to the rollout of tomorrow’s self-driving and today’s connected cars
"washington (reuters) - former utah republican governor jon huntsman has accepted president donald trump’s offer to be ambassador to russia
"(reuters) - a government watchdog group
"washington (reuters) - three u.s. senators asked the secretaries of state
"(reuters) - the state of hawaii said in a court motion on tuesday that it intends to seek a temporary restraining order on wednesday against president donald trump’s new executive order restricting travel from six muslim-majority countries. the trump administration this week issued the new executive order that supplanted an earlier
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on wednesday: two senior senators ask the fbi and justice department for any information they have on trump’s unsubstantiated claim that predecessor barack obama wiretapped him during the presidential campaign. the top u.s. doctors’ organization and several hospital groups come out strongly against a republican plan backed by trump to overhaul america’s healthcare system as democrats mount a fierce battle to thwart the bill. the state of hawaii can sue over trump’s new executive order temporarily banning the entry of refugees and travelers from six muslim-majority countries
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. congress are moving to repeal regulations adopted by the obama administration in october that would have subjected internet service providers to stricter scrutiny than websites to protect customers’ private data. senator jeff flake of arizona introduced a resolution on tuesday backed by 34 other senators to undo the regulations under a provision that allows congress to repeal recently approved federal regulations. representative marsha blackburn of tennessee
"washington (reuters) - two senior senators asked the fbi and justice department on wednesday for any information they have on president donald trump’s unsubstantiated claim that his predecessor barack obama wiretapped him during the 2016 u.s. presidential campaign. in a letter to james comey
"(reuters) - wikileaks
"washington (reuters) - three democratic lawmakers questioned the white house on wednesday over its handling of u.s. president donald trump’s son-in-law’s potential conflicts of interest now that he is serving as an official adviser.  jared kushner
 developers"
"boston (reuters) - fbi director james comey said he has no plans to step down anytime soon in a speech on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - wall street attorney jay clayton will recuse himself from matters involving barclays bank
"los angeles (reuters) - walt disney co (dis.n) chief executive bob iger on wednesday defended his seat on president trump’s business advisory council as an opportunity to voice opinions that will benefit the company and its shareholders. facing questions regarding his inclusion on the council at the disney’s annual shareholders meeting
"austin
"(reuters) - banks and other financial companies expecting big benefits from republican-led deregulation spent record amounts on lobbying in the last election cycle
"washington (reuters) - there is no reason to believe that u.s. president donald trump is the target of any investigation
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is “extremely concerned” about a security breach at the cia that led to anti-secrecy group wikileaks publishing agency documents on its hacking tools
" washington (reuters) - when the bosses of some of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies headed to washington in january to meet u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has gone on twitter to lambaste a number of companies for cost over-runs
 law enforcement officials aware of cia breach since late last year"
"washington (reuters) - white house budget director mick mulvaney said on wednesday he expects that he will be releasing the trump administration’s fiscal 2018 federal budget plans on march 15. mulvaney
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump plans to meet with a group of infrastructure business leaders at the white house on wednesday
"new york (reuters) - the house republican health insurance plan suggests health insurance after obamacare will be less affordable
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will make his first trip to asia next week and meet with senior officials to discuss north korea’s recent missile tests and u.s. economic and security interests in the region. he will arrive in japan on march 15
 trump pushes ahead with north korea review"
"san francisco (reuters) - the state of hawaii said it will ask a federal court on wednesday for an emergency halt to president donald trump’s new executive order restricting travel from six muslim-majority countries
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will nominate washington lawyer noel francisco to be solicitor general
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats
"los angeles (reuters) - los angeles mayor eric garcetti appeared within striking distance to clinch re-election as leader of america’s second-largest city on tuesday against 10 lesser-known challengers
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee said on tuesday he had seen no evidence to support president donald trump’s allegation he was wiretapped by then-president barack obama during the 2016 presidential campaign. republican representative devin nunes said if trump’s assertion were true
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on twitter on tuesday that he believes republican senator rand paul
"washington (reuters) - the lawyer who will take control of an investigation into russian meddling in last year’s u.s. presidential election
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on tuesday: trump endorses republican legislation to replace the obamacare healthcare law
"washington (reuters) - u.s. civil rights leaders said attorney general jeff sessions promised on tuesday to examine the status of a federal probe into the case of eric garner
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said on tuesday he believes there is enough support in the house of representatives to pass the republican healthcare plan
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on tuesday revoked a rule that aimed to give the public more input into federal land management decisions
 senate conservative republicans plan own obamacare repeal bill"
"washington (reuters) - iraq’s prime minister haider al-abadi will visit president donald trump in washington during the week of march 19
 white house spokesman says"
"barcelona (reuters) - brazilian felipe massa completed two and a half race distances and put his williams team on top of the timesheets as formula one’s final pre-season test got underway in barcelona on tuesday. massa
 taxes"
"washington (reuters) - health and human services secretary tom price said on tuesday that president donald trump supports the republican bill to replace obamacare. “the president and the administration support this step in what we believe is in the right direction
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate minority leader chuck schumer and 11 other democrats said on tuesday it was “critical” that the trump administration leave in place new vehicle fuel efficiency rules
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on tuesday he is developing a plan that will encourage competition in the drug industry and bring down prices for medicines
"(reuters) - shares of u.s. pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies fell on tuesday after president donald trump said he was working on a “new system” to reduce prices in the industry
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate armed services committee voted overwhelmingly on tuesday to approve army lieutenant general h.r. mcmaster’s reappointment as president donald trump’s national security adviser
"vienna (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration pledged on tuesday to show “great strictness” over restrictions on iran’s nuclear activities imposed by a deal with major powers
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 republican in the u.s. senate said on tuesday the chamber’s investigation into russian meddling in the presidential election would also examine president donald trump’s claim that he had been wiretapped by the obama administration. asked by cnn whether trump’s claim
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump signed a revised executive order on monday banning citizens from six muslim-majority nations from traveling to the united states but removing iraq from the list
 u.n. tourism body says"
 trump to meet over drug prices"
"washington (reuters) - house republicans’ plan to repeal and replace obamacare is the first step of the trump administration’s effort to revamp the nation’s health care system
"dubai (reuters) - etihad airways is advising some passengers to check with u.s. diplomatic missions before traveling after u.s. president donald trump signed a revised executive order banning visits by nationals of six muslim-majority nations. monday’s order
 drawing criticism"
"khartoum (reuters) - sudan’s foreign ministry said it was disappointed with u.s. president donald trump’s revised executive order banning citizens from six muslim-majority nations from traveling to the united states. “the foreign ministry expresses its regret and disappointment over the executive order issued by the u.s. president on march. 6 that renewed the ban on immigration of citizens from six countries including sudan to the united states for 90 days
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain on monday called for president donald trump to release any evidence supporting his claim the obama administration wiretapped him while probing russia’s influence in the 2016 election.  “i think the president of the united states
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on monday: trump signs a revised executive order banning citizens from six muslim-majority nations from traveling to the united states but removing iraq from the list
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions on monday defended his conduct at a january confirmation hearing where he denied having contacts with russian officials during the course of the presidential campaign when he was an adviser to donald trump. “my answer was correct
"(reuters) - republicans in the u.s. senate passed a measure to eliminate an obama administration rule that would require prospective federal contractors to report violations of more than a dozen u.s. labor and employment laws. on a 49-48 vote
 children at mexico border"
"new york/san francisco (reuters) - the new
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe and u.s. president donald trump discussed north korea’s missile launches during a phone call on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - the latest version of a house republican bill to replace obamacare would limit who could receive tax credits to help purchase health insurance
"washington (reuters) - transgender students at u.s. public schools were left in legal limbo on monday about whether a federal anti-discrimination law enables them to use the bathroom of their choice after the supreme court sidestepped a major ruling on the issue. in canceling planned arguments in a bathroom access lawsuit brought by a virginia transgender high school student
 critic of first trump travel ban order
"washington (reuters) - white house spokesman sean spicer said on monday he was almost certain donald trump had not spoken to fbi director james comey about the president’s claim
 mar-a-lago visitor logs"
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator lindsey graham praised president donald trump’s new travel ban on monday and said he expected it would survive scrutiny by the courts. “i believe the new order will withstand legal challenges as it’s drafted in a fashion as to not be a religious ban
"washington (reuters) - two of president donald trump’s fellow republicans joined four democrats on monday in demanding that the white house provide more information about an executive order that has sown confusion among international organizations involved in family planning
 no position yet -official"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer on monday called on the department of justice’s inspector general to probe any possible political interference in its investigation of contacts between president donald trump’s associates and russia. in a letter to the department’s inspector
"baghdad (reuters) - iraq expressed “deep relief” at u.s. president donald trump’s decision to remove iraq from a list of countries targeted in a u.s. travel ban
 california march turns violent"
"(reuters) - when paul ryan
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. lawmakers expect to unveil this week the text of long-awaited legislation to repeal and replace the obamacare healthcare law
"washington (reuters) - the former top u.s. intelligence official rejected president donald trump’s accusation that his predecessor
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on sunday: the former top u.s. intelligence official rejects trump’s accusation that his predecessor
 didn't quit 'apprentice': trump"
"washington (reuters) - the white house budget director confirmed saturday that the trump administration will propose “fairly dramatic reductions” in the u.s. foreign aid budget later this month. reuters and other news outlets reported earlier this week that the administration plans to propose to congress cuts in the budgets for the u.s. state department and agency for international development by about one third. “we are going to propose to reduce foreign aid and we are going to propose to spend that money here
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump accused predecessor barack obama on saturday of wiretapping him during the late stages of the 2016 election campaign
"(reuters) - a photo of former presidential candidate hillary clinton glancing at a newspaper headline about u.s. vice president mike pence using private email has gone viral on social media
"washington (reuters) - foreigners aiming for temporary jobs at high-tech u.s. companies will undergo a longer visa approval process after the trump administration announced it will temporarily suspend expedited applications for h-1b visas. the u.s. citizenship and immigration services (uscis) said on friday that starting april 3 it will suspend “premium processing” for up to six months. under this expedited procedure
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions will reply in writing to senate democrats’ questions about his meetings with russia’s ambassador last year
"san francisco/new york (reuters) - parents who immigrated illegally to the united states and now fear deportation under the trump administration are inundating immigration advocates with requests for help in securing care for their children in the event they are expelled from the country. the coalition for humane immigrant rights of los angeles (chirla) advocacy group has been receiving about 10 requests a day from parents who want to put in place temporary guardianships for their children
 children at mexico border"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence on friday said there was “no comparison whatsoever” between his use of a private email account for state business while he was governor of indiana and the email woes of former secretary of state hillary clinton. clinton’s use of a private email server during her time in government became a major point of criticism against her as the democratic nominee during the 2016 presidential election by pence
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s pick to chair the securities and exchange commission
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is seeking a 17 percent cut to the budget of the government’s meteorological agency that monitors the climate and issues daily weather forecasts
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s treasury secretary steven mnuchin used his first senior staff meeting last month to tell his new aides he would not tolerate leaks to the news media
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department released its annual report on human rights around the world on friday but the release was overshadowed by criticism that secretary of state rex tillerson gave the report little of the traditional attention or fanfare. tillerson declined to unveil the report in person
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s federal hiring freeze will not apply to immigration court judges under an exception for positions that are needed for national security and public safety
 white house says now"
"boston (reuters) - massachusetts will plug any holes in the budget of the state chapter of planned parenthood if the u.s. congress moves to block the use of medicaid funds for treatment at the women’s health care organization
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration said on friday it is suspending action on an obama administration decision in october to probe a long-time practice by some airlines of preventing various travel websites from showing their fares and whether to require transparency in airline baggage and other fees.  the u.s. transportation department said in a notice friday it is suspending a public comment period on the review of the practices to “allow the president’s appointees the opportunity to review and consider this action.” airlines generated $3.8 billion in baggage fees in 2015 and the obama administration said in october it was formally exploring requiring airlines and ticket agents to provide consumers with prices that include service fees for baggage and other services alongside fares at points of sale.  separately
"geneva (reuters) - a u.n. human rights expert voiced alarm on friday that u.s. president donald trump might allow torture in interrogations
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: democratic senator richard blumenthal calls for u.s. attorney general jeff sessions to be questioned by the senate judiciary committee over his failure to disclose meetings with russia’s ambassador during last year’s presidential campaign. russian foreign minister sergei lavrov says the u.s. political scandal over contacts between the russian ambassador and members of trump’s administration looks like “a witch hunt.” less than five weeks after trump took office
 challenges as trump era dawns"
 'bold' restructuring"
 trump's attorney general removes himself from campaign probes"
"newport news
"moscow (reuters) - a proposed increase in u.s. defense spending is an internal matter for washington and does not concern russia unless it disrupts the existing strategic balance of power
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on friday a u.s. political scandal over contacts between the russian ambassador and members of u.s. president donald trump’s administration looked like “a witch hunt”
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence used a private email account to conduct public business as governor of indiana
 lead cleanup programs"
"washington (reuters) - with his administration on the defensive over investigations into alleged russian meddling in last year’s election
"washington (reuters) - representative adam schiff
"washington (reuters) - ten state governors seeking to avoid millions of dollars in federal healthcare cuts under republican plans to replace obamacare pressed their case in a meeting with vice president mike pence on sunday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted on thursday to confirm retired neurosurgeon ben carson as secretary of the department of housing and urban development (hud) in president donald trump’s cabinet. carson
"washington (reuters) - new u.s. interior secretary ryan zinke on thursday issued an order overturning an obama administration ban on the controversial use of lead ammunition and fishing tackle used on federal lands and waters
 consumer confidence on twitter"
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: u.s. attorney general jeff sessions removes himself from any investigations into alleged russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. presidential election because he was involved with trump’s campaign. the russian embassy to the united states says it had regular contact with “u.s. partners” after the washington post reported that sessions had failed to disclose meetings with russia’s ambassador. fbi director james comey is tight-lipped when asked about investigations into any russian meddling in the u.s. election during a closed-door meeting in congress
"washington (reuters) - at least two additional officials in donald trump’s presidential campaign said they spoke with russian ambassador sergei kislyan at a conference on the sidelines of the republican national convention last july
 democrat says"
"new york (reuters) - a federal judge rejected a request for a new trial by two former associates of new jersey governor chris christie who were convicted for their roles in the “bridgegate” lane closure scandal. the decision late wednesday by u.s. district judge susan wigenton clears the way for the two defendants to be sentenced on march 15. bridget kelly
"aboard air force one (reuters) - the conversations u.s. attorney general jeff sessions had last year with russia’s ambassador were not related to his role advising the trump campaign but solely to his work as a u.s. senator
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday voted to confirm president donald trump’s pick to head the department of energy
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions will hold a news conference at 4 p.m. et on thursday
"newport news
"washington (reuters) - democratic members of the house judiciary committee asked the fbi on thursday to launch a criminal investigation into u.s. attorney general jeff sessions’ statements before congress about his communication with russian officials. “we would ask the fbi and the united states attorney’s office for washington
washington (reuters) - house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi said on thursday that attorney general jeff sessions “lied under oath” and called for his resignation or removal from office. pelosi said in a twitter post: “we are far past recusal. jeff #sessions lied under oath. anything less than resignation or removal from office is unacceptable.” the washington post reported earlier that sessions did not disclose two meetings he had with the russian ambassador before president donald trump took office. 
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he saw no reason for u.s. attorney general jeff sessions to recuse himself from investigations into alleged russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. “if he himself is a subject of an investigation
 medicaid"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator richard burr
"washington (reuters) - senate democratic leader chuck schumer said on thursday that attorney general jeff sessions had misled congress over his contacts with a russian official before the u.s. presidential election and for the good of the country should resign. “attorney general jeff sessions had weeks to correct the record that he made before the judiciary committee but he let the record stand
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives majority leader kevin mccarthy said on thursday it would be easier to ensure public trust if attorney general jeff sessions recused himself from investigations into whether russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election. “i just think for any investigation going forward you want to make sure everybody trusts the investigation
"washington (reuters) - democratic senator al franken said on thursday that attorney general jeff sessions’ testimony on his contacts with russians during confirmation hearing was “extremely misleading” and that he is seeking clarification from the former republican senator. “at the very least
"washington (reuters) - jason chaffetz
 not mentioning trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions said
"moscow (reuters) - kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov told reporters on thursday he was unaware that u.s. attorney general jeff sessions had met russian ambassador sergey kislyak
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan pair of lawmakers on the u.s. senate banking committee are planning to introduce a bill that aims to entice private corporations to give their employees larger equity stakes in their companies and promote longer-term investing. the draft bill
" washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s promise to use existing funds to begin immediate construction of a wall on the u.s.-mexico border has hit a financial roadblock
 says has daily contacts with u.s. partners"
"los angeles (reuters) - actor alec baldwin is taking his “saturday night live” impersonation of u.s. president donald trump from the screen to the pages of a satirical white house memoir due for release later this year
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house democratic leader nancy pelosi on wednesday called for attorney general jeff sessions to resign following a washington post report that he did not disclose two conversations last year with russia’s ambassador
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee will investigate allegations of collusion between donald trump’s presidential campaign and russia
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s signal of a new openness to immigration reform in a speech to the u.s. congress did little to win over democrats who would be essential to revamping the nation’s immigration laws. any goodwill trump may have sparked with his mention of a chance for “real and positive immigration reform” in tuesday’s speech
"washington (reuters) - senior cabinet members have lobbied president donald trump to remove iraq from a list of seven muslim-majority nations included in an initial travel ban
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump backed the use of tax credits to help people purchase health insurance in a speech to congress on tuesday
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on wednesday: vice president mike pence says trump plans to finalize a new order limiting travel to the united states in the coming days
 ivanka encouraged trump’s change of tone: sources"
 takes measured tone in speech"
 pence says"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. republican representative darrell issa of california has joined the climate solutions caucus
"chicago (reuters) - movement on a bipartisan deal to end illinois’ record budget impasse halted on wednesday with the democratic head of the state senate pinning the blame on republican governor bruce rauner. the senate had been scheduled to continue voting on a package of legislation negotiated by senate president john cullerton and republican leader christine radogno in an effort to end illinois’ 20-month budget stalemate. the chamber passed some of the bills on tuesday. but cullerton told the chamber on wednesday that rauner “decided to inject himself in this process and doesn’t want this approved in this form
"washington (reuters) - the white house counsel’s office has sent a memo instructing president donald trump’s aides to preserve materials that could be connected to suspected russian interference in the 2016 election and related issues
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration said on wednesday that it will take aggressive action to combat other countries’  unfair trade practices and may defy world trade organization rulings that it views as interfering with u.s. sovereignty in an annual trade policy agenda document
 u.s. join forces on tackling border asylum-seekers"
000 a year"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats urged the senate finance committee on wednesday to review president donald trump’s tax returns
 but expansion languishes in senate"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin said on wednesday the trump administration’s tax reform plan will not change the deductibility of mortgage interest and charitable contributions. “let me first clarify
 trump tries to turn from divisive to deal-maker"
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration does not want to reform an internet surveillance law to address privacy concerns
"washington (reuters) - the white house told a government watchdog agency that kellyanne conway
"clearwater
 immigration overhaul in congress address"
"(reuters) - president donald trump opened the door to an overhaul of the u.s. immigration system and vowed to pursue massive tax relief for the middle class in a speech to congress on tuesday as he sought to rebound from a chaotic start to his presidency. following are some of the main themes of trump’s speech: trump promised new steps shortly to “keep out those who would do us harm” and said his administration had been working on improved vetting procedures. he said the vast majority of people convicted for terrorism-related offenses since the attacks on sept. 11
 other green rules: white house"
 senate letters back asia military funding proposal"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. labor department has taken a first step toward possible derailment or dilution of its controversial rule on retirement advice as it begins to re-examine it at the directive of president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on wednesday confirmed president donald trump’s pick to head the interior department as the white house seeks to increase fossil fuel production on federal lands. ryan zinke
"washington (reuters) - the senate on wednesday voted to confirm president donald trump’s pick to head the interior department
"(reuters) - in formulating a new executive order limiting travel to the united states
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s new immigration order will remove iraq from the list of countries whose citizens face a temporary u.s. travel ban
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on tuesday reaffirmed support for the united states’ longstanding security alliances around the world but insisted that friends and partners from europe to the middle east to the pacific must “pay their fair share of the cost.” in his first nationally televised speech to congress since taking office on jan. 20
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration is preparing to ignore any rulings by the world trade organization that it sees as an affront to u.s. sovereignty
"washington (reuters) - the white house and congress lacked agreement on a plan to repeal and replace obamacare on tuesday amid signs of growing republican division on the issue
"washington (reuters) - new u.s. commerce secretary wilbur ross said president donald trump did not endorse a proposed border tax system on tuesday in  his first speech to congress on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee to be the director of national intelligence pledged on tuesday to support thorough investigation of any russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election
"(reuters) - penguin random house has landed a deal to publish two forthcoming books by former u.s. president barack obama and the former first lady
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on tuesday: trump will seek to convince americans of his ability to run the country and negotiate with congress on tuesday in a nationally televised speech that offers a chance to move past his tumultuous first weeks in office. the white house and congress lack agreement on a plan to repeal and replace obamacare amid signs of growing republican division on the issue
 foreign aid spending has foes in congress"
 markets roiled"
 trump fears"
"(reuters) - the white house has assured the renewable fuels association that any executive orders changing the u.s. renewable fuels program would include measures to support use of ethanol and biodiesel
"(reuters) - the white house on tuesday said there was no executive order on ethanol in the works. earlier on tuesday
 china discuss 'mutually beneficial' economic relationship"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday said he would not back slashing state department funding as the trump administration is expected to propose
"washington (reuters) - billionaire investor wilbur ross was sworn in as u.s. commerce secretary on tuesday after helping shape republican president donald trump’s opposition to multilateral trade deals. vice president mike pence administered the oath of office to ross
 domestic cuts"
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the house of representatives armed services committee called president donald trump’s reported $603 billion defense budget request low on monday
"washington (reuters) - reform of wall street rules and consumer protects imposed after the 2008 financial crisis is likely this year
"(reuters) - former u.s. president george w. bush has described the political climate in washington as “pretty ugly” under donald trump’s presidency but expressed optimism the united states would pull through despite the divisive political discourse. “i don’t like the racism and i don’t like the name-calling and i don’t like the people feeling alienated
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said he believes the extra $54 billion dollars he has proposed spending on the u.s. military will be offset by a stronger economy as well as cuts in other areas. “i think the money is going to come from a revved up economy
"san francisco (reuters) - a federal appeals court on monday rejected a u.s. department of justice request to place on hold an appeal over president donald trump’s travel ban on people from seven majority-muslim countries. the order from the 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals could increase pressure on the trump administration to clarify its intentions regarding the controversial executive order. the 9th circuit suspended trump’s travel ban earlier this month while litigation over the measure proceeds. trump has said he will soon issue a new executive order that addresses concerns raised by the appeals court judges. the president’s jan. 27 order caused chaos at airports around the world as visa holders heading to the united states were pulled off planes or turned around upon arrival at u.s. airports. trump has said travel limitations are necessary to protect the united states from attacks by islamist militants. his original order barred people from iran
 china's top diplomat
"washington (reuters) - billionaire investor wilbur ross easily won confirmation as u.s. commerce secretary on monday
"washington (reuters) - white house budget chief mick mulvaney said on monday he expects the treasury secretary to use extraordinary cash management measures after the government’s current debt ceiling extension expires on march 15. “the secretary of the treasury actually makes the decision and i expect him to do what all previous secretaries of the treasury have done
"washington (reuters) - the head of a congressional committee investigating contacts between donald trump’s campaign and russia said on monday the panel had not seen evidence of inappropriate communications
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions said on monday the justice department was still deciding whether it would seek to impose reforms on the chicago police force
"washington (reuters) - a pentagon-led preliminary plan to defeat islamic state was delivered to the white house on monday and u.s. defense secretary jim mattis was expected to brief senior administration officials
 president's fans stage rallies"
"new york/washington (reuters) - president donald trump sought on monday to bring the nation’s largest insurance companies on board with his plans to overhaul obamacare
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday appeared poised to strike down a north carolina law barring convicted sex offenders from facebook and other social media services
 then deletes congratulations for iran oscar win"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general jeff sessions told reporters on monday that recent bomb threats made against jewish groups are “unacceptable” and a “very serious and destructive practice.” several jewish community centers and schools in at least 12 states received bomb threats on monday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department
000 for party at trump hotel in washington"
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat in the u.s. senate predicted on monday that republicans would fall short of their stated goal of repealing former democratic president barack obama’s signature healthcare law. “the odds are very high we will keep aca
 aid"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s pick for secretary of the navy withdrew from consideration on sunday
 promises catastrophic year for obamacare"
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday upheld federal disclosure rules for political advertising
 free media"
"brussels (reuters) - an executive order signed by u.s. president donald trump to crack down on illegal immigration will not undermine two data transfer agreements between the united states and the eu
"washington (reuters) - billionaire investor wilbur ross is expected to be easily confirmed as u.s. commerce secretary on monday
 trims state dept
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on sunday he will offer details on how he would like to overhaul president barack obama’s signature healthcare law in a speech to the u.s. congress on tuesday. since they now control the white house and congress
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s first budget proposal will spare big social welfare programs such as social security and medicare from any cuts
"washington (reuters) - u.s. transportation secretary elaine chao said on sunday she was reviewing self-driving vehicle guidance issued by the obama administration and urged companies to explain the benefits of automated vehicles to a skeptical public. the guidelines
"washington (reuters) - the white house on sunday did not rule out that attorney general jeff sessions may recuse himself from justice department investigations into allegations of russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. sarah huckabee sanders
 attack big business
"washington (reuters) - the united states on sunday condemned an attack on special monitoring missions in eastern ukraine and called on russia and the separatist forces it backs to immediately observe the ceasefire under the minsk agreements. ‎”we condemn friday’s targeting of osce special monitoring mission (smm) monitors and the seizure of a smm unmanned aerial vehicle by combined-russian separatist forces
"atlanta (reuters) - u.s. democrats elected former labor secretary tom perez as chairman on saturday
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration will begin rolling back obama-era environmental regulations in an “aggressive way” as soon as next week
 ends peaceably"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump announced on saturday that he would not attend the annual white house correspondents’ association dinner
 hammers nationalist themes"
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump says he will make a massive budget request for one of the “greatest military buildups in american history” in a feisty
"seoul (reuters) - plans for the first contact between north korea and the united states after president donald trump took office were canceled after the u.s. state department denied a visa for the top envoy from pyongyang
 spurns u.s. aid under review by trump"
"washington (reuters) - the white house excluded several major u.s. news organizations
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is expected to sign a measure as early as tuesday aimed at rescinding a major obama administration water regulation and direct an end to the government’s defense of the rule
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. customs and border protection agency said on friday it will accept proposals next month for the design of a wall to be built near the u.s.-mexican frontier
"lima (reuters) - the first latin american leader to visit u.s. president donald trump at the white house said on friday that he told trump he prefers bridges to walls and favors the free movement of people across borders. however
"washington (reuters) - the longest-serving u.s. diplomat warned against isolationism
 trump puts regulation monitors in u.s. agencies"
"washington (reuters) - while president donald trump has suggested that the united states must expand its nuclear arsenal
 bathroom laws"
 cigna among insurer groups to meet with trump on monday"
 teen singer appeal to trump on transgender rights"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump criticized the fbi on friday for failing to stop leaks of national security information to the media and directed the agency to find those who pass on classified information. trump’s comments come amid media reports saying the fbi refused a white house request to knock down news stories saying members of trump’s team were in frequent contact with russian intelligence agents during the presidential campaign. the federal bureau of investigation
"washington (reuters) - details of potential obamacare replacements by u.s. house republicans emerged in news reports on friday
 former trump rival
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. department of homeland security plan to add more than 5
"new york (reuters) - new york city mayor bill de blasio met with federal prosecutors on friday as part of their lengthy investigation into whether people involved in fundraising for his election campaign broke corruption laws
"(reuters) - puerto rico governor ricardo rossello said on friday he was “committed to establishing a working relationship” and fostering “open dialogue” with u.s. treasury secretary steven mnuchin
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department will resume news briefings the week of march 6
"brussels (reuters) - when donald trump called the european union “wonderful” and said he was “totally in favor of it”
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s campaign promise for a $1 trillion infrastructure program will be in focus when u.s. governors gather on friday in washington
"washington (reuters) - the top republican at the u.s. securities and exchange commission
"the following statements were posted to the verified twitter accounts of u.s. president donald trump
"beijing (reuters) - china said on friday it had no intention of using currency devaluation to its advantage in trade
"new delhi (reuters) - india has stepped up its lobbying effort against moves in the u. s. congress to impose curbs on visas for skilled workers that threaten the south asian nation’s tech sector
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday he wants to ensure the u.s. nuclear arsenal is at the “top of the pack
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday spoke positively about a border adjustment tax being pushed by republicans in congress as a way to boost exports
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump declared china the “grand champions” of currency manipulation on thursday
"(reuters) - here are some of the highlights of the reuters interview with u.s. president donald trump on thursday. on his december tweet saying the united states should expand its nuclear capability “we’ve fallen behind on nuclear weapon capacity. and i am the first one that would like to see ... nobody have nukes
 anti-trump movement shows signs of sustained momentum"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. companies led by tech firms yahoo inc yhoo.o
" little rock
 bannon appeal for conservatives to unite behind trump"
 mexico voices 'worry and irritation' to u.s. envoys"
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: trump says he wants to build up the u.s. nuclear arsenal to ensure it is at the “top of the pack
"washington (reuters) - u.s. education secretary betsy devos on thursday criticized as “overreach” former president barack obama’s guidelines to public schools to let transgender students use the bathrooms of their choice
"san francisco (reuters) - democratic state senators in california on thursday unveiled a series of bills designed to freeze in place obama administration-era environmental regulations in the event the trump administration moves to weaken them. the bills
 but offers few details"
 vows more dialogue"
"new york (reuters) - a florida man pleaded guilty in a case stemming from an attempted hacking of the clinton foundation on thursday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s administration on wednesday revoked landmark guidance to public schools letting transgender students use the bathrooms of their choice
"mexico city (reuters) - a bid by u.s. president donald trump to deport non-mexican illegal migrants to mexico that has enraged mexicans will top the agenda when officials from both countries meet on thursday amid a deepening rift between the two nations. the u.s. government on tuesday said it would seek to deport many illegal immigrants to mexico if they entered the united states from there
"washington (reuters) - the white house has pushed back the release of a new executive order to replace its directive suspending travel to the united states by citizens of seven mostly muslim countries
"havana (reuters) - cuban president raul castro made it clear to a visiting u.s. congressional delegation that his country was intent on pursuing market reform and detente with the united states
"guatemala city (reuters) - u.s. homeland security secretary john kelly on wednesday told guatemalans not to waste their money trying to get to the united states illegally
 other states"
 other key issues"
 says it was based on tv report"
 energy firms: watchdog"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson and homeland security secretary john kelly will discuss the trump administration’s stepped-up efforts to combat illegal immigration in talks with mexican officials later this week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump delivered his first public condemnation of anti-semitic incidents in the united states on tuesday after a new spate of bomb threats to jewish community centers around the country and vandalism in a jewish cemetery. several of the centers were evacuated for a time on monday after receiving the threats
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s administration plans to consider almost all illegal immigrants subject to deportation
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson spoke by telephone with china’s top diplomat on tuesday and affirmed the importance of a constructive u.s.-china relationship
" (this story corrects year to 2001 in paragraph 17 in the february 18 story.) by jeff mason melbourne
"washington (reuters) - the new head of the u.s. environmental protection agency said on tuesday that america need not choose between jobs and the environment
"washington (reuters) - andrew olmem
"new york (reuters) - provocative far-right commentator milo yiannopoulos resigned on tuesday as a senior editor of the breitbart news website after he was vilified and lost a book deal over comments that condoned certain intimate relations between men and young teenage boys. yiannopoulos thanked breitbart for letting him transmit conservative and libertarian ideas to an audience that otherwise would never have heard them
"(reuters) - conservative u.s. supreme court justices on tuesday expressed skepticism about reviving a lawsuit filed by the family of a mexican teenager against a u.s. border patrol agent who fatally shot the 15-year-old from across the border in texas in 2010. among the concerns raised by justices was whether non-u.s. citizens injured by drone attacks overseas that are directed from the united states could file similar claims if the lawsuit was allowed to move forward. in a closely watched case that could affect u.s. immigration actions under president donald trump’s administration
"washington (reuters) - virginia governor terry mcauliffe on tuesday vetoed a bill that would have blocked funding for planned parenthood
"west palm beach
"berlin (reuters) - in the week before u.s. vice president mike pence visited brussels and pledged america’s “steadfast and enduring” commitment to the european union
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will reverse a handful of obama-era environmental regulations in executive orders that could be signed as early as this week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis welcomed the naming of lieutenant general herbert raymond mcmaster as the new national security adviser
"new york (reuters) - nato is the “strongest alliance in history” and the united states is committed to its alliances in europe
"detroit (reuters) - for david green
 security chief to visit mexico wednesday"
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump sent top u.s. officials to europe with a familiar warning from washington that allies must spend more on defense
 sign agreements in havana"
"new york (reuters) - a leading u.s. conservative conference rescinded its invitation to provocative commentator milo yiannopoulos and a publisher canceled his book deal on monday after old internet videos of him recirculated in which he discusses pedophilia. yiannopoulos
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence assured the european union in brussels on monday that the trump administration will develop their cooperation in trade and security and backs the eu as a partner in its own right. a month after donald trump caused alarm by renewing his endorsement of brexit and suggesting others may follow britain out of the eu
 supported resignation"
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump believes in a free and independent press but he will not hesitate to point out flawed reporting
 says pence"
 says vp pence"
"brussels (reuters) - european council president donald tusk said on monday that u.s. vice president mike pence agreed with him on the need to preserve close cooperation between the united states and europe
 crisis-battling white house"
 white house promises autonomy"
"munich (reuters) - u.s. republican senators plan to introduce legislation to impose further sanctions on iran
"washington (reuters) - a democrat who sits on the u.s. federal election commission (fec) is planning to resign before her term expires amid frustrations about partisan gridlock
 speed deportations"
"abu dhabi (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis on sunday distanced himself from president donald trump’s assessment of the media as “the enemy of the american people
"abu dhabi (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s defense secretary said bad weather had forced him to scrap a visit to afghanistan on sunday but added that he was reviewing the next steps in the war after discussions with afghan president ashraf ghani and the top u.s. commander. “we’re putting our thoughts together now
"moscow (reuters) - the united states embassy in kiev voiced concern on sunday over russia’s decision to recognize civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of eastern ukraine
" (this version of the feb. 18 story was refiled to delete an extra word in paragraph one) munich (reuters) - james jones
 trump touts promises kept"
"munich (reuters) - saudi arabia’s foreign minister on sunday rejected iranian calls for dialogue saying tehran was the main sponsor of terrorism in the world
 u.s. vice president discuss improving ties: sources"
"munich (reuters) - senator john mccain
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration plans to direct immigration agents to greatly expand the categories of immigrants they target for deportation
 pence says u.s. committed to europe"
"munich (reuters) - a new version of a trump administration travel ban will not stop green card residency holders or travelers already on planes from entering the united states
"munich (reuters) - the united states on saturday redoubled its longstanding demand that germany and other european countries spend more on defense
 u.s. senator mccain tells europe"
"munich (reuters) - france said on saturday that u.s. vice president mike pence would need to clarify his administration’s stance toward the european union when he meets officials in brussels next week
"abu dhabi - u.s. president donald trump’s defense secretary arrived in the united arab emirates on saturday for talks with one of washington’s closest allies in the middle east. jim mattis
"north charleston
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump tweets that he is considering four people
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate confirmed president donald trump’s pick to run the environmental protection agency on friday over the objections of democrats and environmentalists worried he will gut the agency
"washington (reuters) - after a tumultuous opening month in the white house
 u.s. senator mccain tells europe"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s pledge to bring massive investments in u.s. infrastructure projects showed new signs of life on friday after lying dormant for weeks
"new york/los angeles (reuters) - a second consecutive day of protests against u.s. president donald trump’s month-old administration appeared to lose momentum on friday
 champion of washington civility in senior house post
"chicago (reuters) - one of the key players in illinois’ unending financial plight extended a peace offering to republican governor bruce rauner on friday by opening a legislative avenue for the possible sale of the state’s main office building in downtown chicago. democratic house speaker michael madigan announced a legislative committee would explore a rauner request to sell the state’s aging james r. thompson center high-rise in chicago’s famed loop business district. madigan’s offer follows a renewed call this week by the governor for the state to dump the aging office building in a move he said could yield as much as $220 million for illinois’ depleted treasury. crippled by feuding between madigan and rauner
"washington (reuters) - the white house on friday said there was no plan to utilize the national guard to round up unauthorized immigrants
"washington/salt lake city
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s defense secretary on thursday said he did not see possible military collaboration with russia now
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate leader mcconnell said he expects to move on legislation to repeal and replace obamacare as soon as his there are enough votes to pass the republican-controlled chamber. the kentucky republican
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s choice for national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - the first gripe came three minutes into president donald trump’s first solo news conference on thursday
 boeing
 army corps block deadline extension for dakota pipeline protesters"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court will decide three cases in coming months that could help or hinder president donald trump’s efforts to ramp up border security and accelerate deportations of those in the country illegally. the three cases
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is poised to tap a republican media relations firm owner to oversee his white house communications
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on friday it was not disappointed by how u.s.-russia ties were developing under u.s. president donald trump and that it would only be possible to assess the outlook for relations once the leaders of both countries had met. “we haven’t been wearing rose-tinted glasses
 school in anti-trump protest"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence will seek on saturday to soothe allies unnerved by his boss’ unorthodox statements on russia and nato as he stresses america’s commitment to europe during the first major foreign address for the trump administration. pence will tell the annual munich security conference that europe is an “indispensable partner” for the united states
"san francisco (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on thursday suspended proceedings over president donald trump’s travel ban for individuals from seven muslim-majority countries
"washington (reuters) - former white house national security adviser michael flynn told fbi agents in an interview last month that he had not discussed sanctions against russia with moscow’s u.s. ambassador before president donald trump took office
"washington (reuters) - a crisis over the relationship between president donald trump’s aides and russia deepened on wednesday as a growing number of trump’s fellow republicans demanded expanded congressional inquiries into the matter. trump sought to focus attention on what he called criminal intelligence leaks about his ousted national security adviser
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: trump dismisses a growing controversy about ties between his aides and russia as a “ruse” and a “scam” perpetrated by a hostile news media
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday that he asked for the resignation of former national security adviser michael flynn because he was not happy with the way he had communicated information to vice president mike pence. “i don’t think he did anything wrong. if anything
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday nominated former national labor relations board member r. alexander acosta to serve as u.s. secretary of labor
"washington (reuters) - the senate on thursday moved closer to approving president donald trump’s pick to head the environmental protection agency even as nearly 800 former officials urged the chamber to reject the nominee
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday voted to advance the nomination of president donald trump’s pick to run the environmental protection agency and a final vote could occur on friday. the senate voted 54 to 46 to advance scott pruitt
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump dismissed a growing controversy about ties between his aides and russia on thursday as a “ruse” and “scam” perpetrated by a hostile news media
 the travel ban and others"
 republicans set timeframe for introducing obamacare replacement"
 republicans slow to tackle big issues"
"washington (reuters) - in a heated moment during his unconventional and combative news conference on thursday
 questioned at senate"
"washington (reuters) - wary democrats on thursday challenged republicans who control the u.s. congress to conduct a credible investigation into contacts between president donald trump’s associates and russia
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s choice to lead an important health agency said on thursday that the way pharmaceutical companies classify products as generic or branded needs to be reviewed in order to help hold down government spending
 advertisers"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday he would be submitting planned reforms to the affordable care act in early march or mid-march. “we’re doing obamacare
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday said reports in the u.s. media about his administration’s relationship with russia may make it difficult for him to strike a deal with russian president vladimir putin to ease tensions between washington and moscow. “putin probably assumes that he can’t make a deal with me any more because politically it would be unpopular for a politician to make a deal
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday that he would be issuing an order next week aimed at keeping the american people safe
 but would have"
 hopes he not needed for intel review"
 russians"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday narrowly confirmed south carolina congressman mick mulvaney to serve as white house budget director in a 51-49 vote that largely followed party lines. underscoring the rocky reception that president donald trump’s cabinet nominees have had on capitol hill
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers plan to introduce their legislation to repeal and replace obamacare after they return from next week’s break
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate judiciary committee will hold its confirmation hearing for president donald trump’s u.s. supreme court nominee
 nyt
"nogales
"washington (reuters) - staff at the u.s. environmental protection agency have been told that president donald trump is preparing a handful of executive orders to reshape the agency
 trump backs away from commitment to palestinian state"
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator susan collins of maine said on wednesday she would oppose oklahoma attorney general scott pruitt’s nomination to head the environmental protection agency
"washington/berlin (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence heads to europe this week to meet with allies seeking clarity on the trump administration’s foreign policy strategy and its stance toward russia after the resignation of the top white house national security aide.  pence
"washington (reuters) - the republican and democratic leaders of the u.s. senate judiciary committee asked attorney general jeff sessions and fbi director james comey on wednesday to send the committee documents and provide a briefing on the resignation of president donald trump’s national security adviser. citing reports that both the federal bureau of investigation and justice department were involved in events leading to michael flynn’s departure
 in blow to trump"
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration has offered the job of white house national security adviser
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on wednesday: a crisis over the relationship between trump’s aides and russia deepens as a growing number of trump’s fellow republicans demand expanded congressional inquiries into the matter. the trump administration offers the job of national security adviser to u.s. vice admiral robert harward
 russia contacts"
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee democrat said on wednesday he would push the panel’s republican chairman to expand a probe of russian hacking to include the calls to a russian diplomat made by president donald trump’s former national security adviser. representative adam schiff said he would make his case to republican devin nunes
"washington (reuters) - republican and democratic members of the u.s. house of representatives called on wednesday for the right to review any effort by president donald trump to ease sanctions on russia
 handshakes and a jolt or two"
 calls flynn 'wonderful'"
"ramallah
"washington (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu asked u.s. president donald trump on wednesday to recognize israeli sovereignty over the golan heights
"washington (reuters) - rex tillerson arrived in bonn on wednesday on his maiden foreign trip as u.s. secretary of state to attend a summit of g20 top economies at a time when many are wondering how far president donald trump’s “america first” message will reshape u.s. foreign policy. from north korean provocations and reports russia has deployed a new cruise missile
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner said on wednesday he will entertain tax measures to address the state’s deep financial woes but continued to tie his possible support to the legislature agreeing to measures he thinks will spur economic growth. in his third budget address to the legislature
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s choice of representative mick mulvaney to become white house budget director on wednesday appeared to pick up enough republican votes to vault him into the job. republican senator thad cochran
"chicago (reuters) - illinois’ governor on wednesday proposed boosting the shrinking ranks of the illinois state police in an effort to quell a steady increase in gun violence spilling over from chicago’s neighborhoods onto the city’s expressways.  bruce rauner’s proposed budget would add a projected 170 troopers through two cadet classes
"new york/washington (reuters) - the trump administration on wednesday proposed changes to the obamacare individual insurance market that insurers welcomed as a good start but that raised the possibility of higher out-of-pocket cost for consumers. president donald trump and congressional republicans have promised to scrap the 2010 healthcare law that is a key legacy of democrat barack obama’s presidency. but they are struggling to agree on a replacement for the law
"jerusalem (reuters) - palestinians warned the united states on wednesday against abandoning a two-state solution to the conflict with israel after a white house official said peace did not necessarily have to entail palestinian statehood. u.s. president donald trump and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu meet later in the day for the first time since the u.s. election in november that brought the republican to office. on the eve of the meeting
"washington (reuters) - as a teenager in the early 1970s retired u.s. navy vice admiral robert s. harward played football and basketball
"(reuters) - president donald trump acted well within his authority in issuing his executive order on immigration
 kelly to visit mexico next week"
"cairo (reuters) - united nations secretary-general antonio guterres warned on wednesday against abandoning the idea of a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer on wednesday called on the trump administration to preserve all documents related to its dealings with russia
 netanyahu says he wants to focus on 'substance' not 'labels'"
"(reuters) - phone records and intercepted calls show that members of donald trump’s presidential campaign and other trump associates had repeated contacts with senior russian intelligence officials in the year before the election
"moscow (reuters) - russia dismissed on wednesday as groundless a u.s. media report that said members of donald trump’s presidential campaign had contacts with russian intelligence officials.  the report
"moscow (reuters) - russia is committed to honoring its international obligations
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump knew for weeks that national security adviser michael flynn had misled the white house about his contacts with russia but did not immediately force him out
 even if not tied to two-state solution"
 the travel ban and others"
"washington (reuters) - republicans lawmakers are starting to put in motion plans to destroy or defang the u.s. agency intended to protect individuals from financial fraud. on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - the white house should consider disciplinary action against presidential adviser kellyanne conway for appearing to violate government ethics rules by publicly endorsing ivanka trump products
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s handling of u.s. security information at his florida resort came under congressional scrutiny on tuesday as a watchdog panel asked the white house to explain reports that trump dealt with a sensitive foreign policy issue in view of club guests. representative jason chaffetz
 d.c.
"san francisco (reuters) - the most consequential legal challenge to u.s. president donald trump’s travel ban will proceed on two tracks in the next few days: in a u.s. appeals court vote in san francisco and the seattle courtroom of a federal judge. the 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals will vote on whether to reconsider an appeal in the case that was decided in the seattle court last week. that vote could reveal which judges disagree with their colleagues on the bench and support the arguments behind the new president’s most controversial executive order. in seattle
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on tuesday: trump knew for weeks that national security adviser michael flynn had misled the white house about his contacts with russia but did not immediately force him out
"washington (reuters) - benjamin netanyahu’s first trump-era washington visit offers a chance to repair ties to democrats that frayed during years of chilly relations under the obama administration
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader charles schumer called on tuesday for an independent probe of what he called potential criminal violations surrounding the resignation of national security adviser michael flynn.  speaking to reporters in the u.s. capitol
"(reuters) - the fbi interviewed michael flynn in his initial days as u.s. president donald trump’s national security adviser about his conversations with the russian ambassador to the united states
"washington (reuters) - senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday the senate intelligence committee is “highly likely” to look at contacts between michael flynn
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump asked for the resignation of his national security adviser
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis on tuesday played down any impact that white house national security adviser michael flynn’s resignation might have on mattis’ debut trip this week to europe to meet nato allies. “frankly
"moscow (reuters) - russia’s parliament applauded on learning that donald trump had won the u.s. election. but prospects for better relations with washington have suffered setbacks since then and the resignation of trump’s national security adviser is the biggest blow yet. the kremlin still believes a rapprochement is feasible
"washington (reuters) - congressional democrats on tuesday tried but failed to pressure republicans into seeking president donald trump’s tax returns
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - a senior u.s. senate republican said on tuesday that the resignation of president donald trump’s national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump swore in former goldman sachs banker and hollywood financier steven mnuchin as treasury secretary on monday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on tuesday president donald trump was right to seek the resignation of michael flynn after disclosures the national security adviser misled the vice president and others about his conversations with a russian diplomat. ryan said he would leave it to the administration to explain the circumstances behind flynn’s departure. “i think they key is this: that as soon as this person lost the president’s trust
"moscow (reuters) - senior russian lawmakers said on tuesday the resignation of u.s. president donald trump’s national security adviser showed that efforts were being made to undermine russian-u.s. relations
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. house intelligence committee said he is concerned about leaks regarding michael flynn
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump and british prime minister theresa may will speak in a call scheduled for later on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - national security adviser michael flynn became the first high-profile member of president donald trump’s administration to resign
"moscow (reuters) - a senior russian lawmaker said on tuesday it was clear that  u.s. president donald trump’s national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - federal reserve chair janet yellen goes to congress on tuesday for the first time since republicans took control of the white house and both houses of the legislature with less clarity on the direction of u.s. economic policy than at any time of her three-year tenure. the details of president donald trump’s economic policies remain largely unknown. he has announced a rollback of financial regulation with few details and there is no clarity on the size
"moscow (reuters) - a senior russian lawmaker said on tuesday the resignation of u.s. president donald trump’s national security adviser
"new york (reuters) - as century-old wall street brokerages have agonized over the fate of a major u.s. regulation on retirement advice
"washington (reuters) - a congressional tax oversight committee will not seek u.s. president donald trump’s tax returns despite calls from democrats for a review to determine possible business ties to foreign countries including russia
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives’ oversight committee voted on monday to strike down a washington
"washington (reuters) - four u.s. republican senators have not yet said whether they will support labor secretary nominee andrew puzder
"(reuters) - a virginia federal judge on monday issued a preliminary injunction against president donald trump’s travel ban on people from seven muslim-majority nations
"new york (reuters) - washington state’s attorney general has promised to uncover “what truly motivated” president donald trump’s executive order on immigration
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on monday: trump says the united states will be “tweaking” its trade relationship with canada
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on monday voted to confirm former goldman sachs banker steven mnuchin as treasury secretary
"seattle (reuters) - a u.s. federal judge on monday said courtroom proceedings over president donald trump’s travel ban should continue in seattle during an ongoing appeals court review. at a hearing
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on monday the united states would be “tweaking” its trade relationship with canada
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is evaluating the situation surrounding u.s. national security adviser michael flynn and is speaking to vice president mike pence about it
"(reuters) - burlington stores inc joined other retailers
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on monday there was talk of a possible meeting between president vladimir putin and u.s. president donald trump taking place before a g20 summit in july
"washington (reuters) - a top aide to u.s. president donald trump on sunday defended his colleague
"washington (reuters) - despite his campaign vows to take a tougher line with north korea
"washington (reuters) - a white house official on sunday attacked a u.s. court ruling that blocked president donald trump’s executive order on immigration as a “judicial usurpation of power” and said the administration was considering a range of options
"washington (reuters) - the united states is committed to the security of its allies in the pacific region and will bolster its allies there against any hostile actions from north korea
"washington (reuters) - washington state attorney general bob ferguson said on sunday he will depose trump administration officials to uncover “what truly motivated” president donald trump’s executive order on immigration if the case he brought against it goes to trial. documents and emails authored by administration officials may contain evidence that the order was an unconstitutional attempt to ban muslims from entering the united states
"jerusalem (reuters) - prime minister benjamin netanyahu said on sunday he would present “responsible policies” in talks with u.s. president donald trump
"jupiter
"washington/marietta
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump pushed back early on saturday on assertions that the wall he wants built on the u.s. border with mexico would cost more than anticipated and said he would reduce the price. trump made his comments in two twitter posts but did not say how he would bring down the cost of the wall. reuters on thursday published details of an internal report by the department of homeland security that estimated the price of a wall along the entire border at $21.6 billion. during his presidential campaign trump had cited a $12 billion figure. “i am reading that the great border wall will cost more than the government originally thought
 in change from campaign rhetoric"
 japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart"
"washington (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe said on friday that he and u.s. president donald trump would discuss trade and economic issues at a working lunch and he was “optimistic” there would be good results from the dialogue. abe said he was “fully aware” of trump’s decision to withdraw from the trans-pacific partnership multilateral trade accord. but he said japan and the united states had agreed on a new framework for economic dialogue. “i am quite optimistic that ... good results will be seen from the dialogue
"baghdad (reuters) - iraq won’t take part in any regional or international conflicts
 but many battles remain"
"berlin (reuters) - actor and activist richard gere said on friday that u.s. president donald trump has managed to merge the meaning of the words “refugee” and “terrorist” in the minds of many americans. gere also told a news conference at the berlin film festival just before the world premiere of his new film “the dinner” that he found it discouraging to see term “refugee” go through such a dispiriting change of meaning in the united states.  “the most horrible thing that trump has done is conflated two words – refugee and terrorist
 backs 'one china' policy in call with xi"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s acceptance of beijing’s demand that he re-commit to a “one china” policy was heavily influenced by his new top diplomat
 supreme court test still possible"
 nyt
"washington (reuters) - a member of the federal election commission on friday called on president donald trump to share any evidence he has to support a statement that voter fraud caused him and former senator kelly ayotte to lose in new hampshire in the 2016 u.s. election. “the scheme the president of the united states alleges would constitute thousands of felony criminal offenses under new hampshire law
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump and japanese prime minister shinzo abe open a new chapter in u.s.-japan relations with trump abruptly setting aside campaign pledges to force tokyo to pay more for u.s. defense aid. trump says he is considering issuing a new travel ban executive order
"washington (reuters) - congressional democrats on friday said the u.s. congress should obtain president donald trump’s tax records to examine possible conflicts of interest
 border republican"
"(reuters) - a u.s. federal appeals court on friday asked the justice department and the state of washington to submit briefs on whether a larger panel of judges should decide if president donald trump’s travel ban should remain on hold.  a three-judge 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals panel on thursday refused to reinstate the ban
 justice kennedy's 2015 opinion looms large"
"(reuters) - two u.s. senators are seeking details from goldman sachs group inc’s (gs.n) chief executive on the extent to which the bank’s employees were involved in drafting of the recent executive orders on banking and fiduciary regulations. in a letter to ceo lloyd blankfein dated feb. 9 and made public on friday
 abe meet"
"washington (reuters) - the european union’s foreign policy chief
 price takes helm as u.s. health secretary"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on friday the alliance between the united states and japan is a cornerstone of regional peace and stability and his administration is committed to even closer ties between the two countries. “we are committed to the security of japan and all areas under its administrative control and to further strengthening our very crucial alliance
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has nixed elliott abrams for the no. 2 position at the state department after learning that the republican foreign policy veteran had criticized him during the 2016 election campaign
"new york (reuters) - a new york city museum has shut down an exhibit protesting u.s. president donald trump co-created by actor shia labeouf
"washington (reuters) - (this february 9 story has been refiled to correct paragraph 19 to show hsn inc has dropped trump home products
"jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump called on “israel to be reasonable with respect to peace”
"new york (reuters) - professional ballet dancer misty copeland and wrestler turned-actor dwayne “the rock” johnson joined national basketball association star stephen curry in opposing comments made by the chief executive of their sponsor under armour supporting u.s. president donald trump. on tuesday
 raising new concern on business ties"
"washington (reuters) - the white house defended president donald trump’s criticism of the nordstrom retail chain on wednesday
"chicago (reuters) - nordstrom inc said on wednesday its decision to drop ivanka trump branded merchandise from its stores and online was based on the brand’s performance. “over the past year
"(reuters) - philadelphia district attorney seth williams said on friday he would not run for reelection this year
 but choice not moscow's alone"
"washington (reuters) - japan views u.s. president donald trump’s call with chinese president xi jinping as a good and positive step
 in call with trump
 china"
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump agreed to honor the longstanding “one china” policy in a phone call with chinese president xi jinping
"(reuters) - with golf long regarded as a stern measure of character and a natural setting for deal-making
 u.s. commander calls for more troops"
"washington (reuters) - white house national security adviser michael flynn privately discussed u.s. sanctions against russia with moscow’s ambassador to the united states during the month before president donald trump took office
 take 3.5 years to build: internal report"
 reacting to u.s. appeals court ruling
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday called the appellate court ruling that upheld the suspension of his order restricting travel from seven muslim-majority countries a “political decision
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump castigated a democratic senator on thursday for saying u.s. supreme court nominee neil gorsuch had voiced dismay in a private meeting over trump’s attacks on the judiciary
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: a u.s. federal appeals court in san francisco unanimously upholds a temporary suspension of president donald trump’s order that restricted travel from seven muslim-majority countries. trump plans to announce the most ambitious tax reform plan since the reagan era in the next few weeks
 jeff sessions
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump called the u.s. air traffic control system out of date on thursday and criticized its $10 billion yearly price tag but stopped short of calling for privatization of the program. “i hear we’re spending billions and billions of dollars
"washington (reuters) - stephen feinberg
 trump denounced obama-era nuclear arms treaty - sources"
"washington/jerusalem (reuters) - during his 2016 election campaign
 offers no details"
"washington (reuters) - a dozen democratic u.s. senators on thursday denounced a trump administration plan to revamp a government program on countering violent extremism
500 tag on opioid overdose treatment"
"washington (reuters) - supreme court nominee neil gorsuch was not commenting on president donald trump’s tweets when he told a senator that attacks on the judiciary were demoralizing
 immigration"
 working americans: white house"
"washington (reuters) - a bitterly divided u.s. senate confirmed republican senator jeff sessions on wednesday as the next attorney general of the united states after strong pushback from democrats concerned about his record on civil rights.  sessions
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday repeated his accusation that a democratic lawmaker had misconstrued private comments from u.s. supreme court nominee neil gorsuch. “his comments were misrepresented
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe will propose new cabinet level u.s.-japan talks on trade
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump would oppose any unilateral declarations that would undermine japan’s administration of disputed islands in the east china sea
"washington (reuters) - nine senators from his own republican party urged president donald trump on thursday to take a “tough-minded” approach to russia
"washington (reuters) - labor secretary nominee andrew puzder
"(reuters) - alabama’s state attorney general will fill the u.s. senate seat vacated by republican jeff sessions after his confirmation as attorney general of the united states
"washington (reuters) - (this february 8 story has been refiled to correct word in name of bill to review from relief in second paragraph.) senior u.s. senators called on wednesday for the right to review any move the white house might make to ease sanctions on russia
 crime as attorney general sworn in"
"wilmington
"london (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s state visit to the united kingdom could happen around june
"washington/san francisco (reuters) - three of the 19 democratic state attorneys general who joined washington state’s legal challenge to u.s. president donald trump’s travel ban are making a politically tricky maneuver: they are from states that went for trump in the november election. the attorneys general of pennsylvania
"beijing/washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has broken the ice with chinese president xi jinping in a letter that said he looked forward to working with him to develop relations
"beijing (reuters) - china said on thursday it attached great importance to china-u.s. ties after confirming it had received a letter from u.s. president donald trump. chinese foreign ministry spokesman lu kang said china commended trump for sending lunar new year greetings to the chinese people and said cooperation between the two countries was the only option. trump sent a letter to chinese president xi jinping on wednesday saying he looked forward to developing a “constructive relationship”
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s supreme court nominee
 aviation executives to discuss infrastructure thursday: sources"
"sacramento
 central america to discuss migration under trump: ambassador"
"washington (reuters) - canada opposes the idea of the united states imposing new border tariffs and would respond to any such move
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on wednesday: the u.s. senate votes to confirm republican senator jeff sessions as the next attorney general of the united states. hillary clinton and other democrats flock to support u.s. senator elizabeth warren for criticizing trump’s nominee for attorney general after being silenced by republicans on the senate floor. the white house says the directors of national intelligence and the central intelligence agency will both be members of trump’s cabinet.  trump fumes over what he calls too much politics in the u.s. judiciary
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s nominee for the u.s. supreme court
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is planning to issue a directive targeting a controversial dodd-frank rule that requires companies to disclose whether their products contain “conflict minerals” from a war-torn part of africa
"los angeles (reuters) - hollywood is gearing up for a concerted response to the policies of u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - a bitterly divided u.s. senate confirmed republican senator jeff sessions on wednesday as the next attorney general of the united states after strong pushback from democrats concerned about his record on civil rights.  sessions
"washington (reuters) - a group of elder republican statesmen
"(reuters) - more than 2.6 million people tuned into cable tv or went online to hear dramatic audio-only coverage of a federal appeals court hearing on u.s. president donald trump’s temporary travel ban on people from seven muslim-majority countries and refugees. for more than an hour
 family struggles to make it to u.s."
"washington (reuters) - the senate’s top democrat on tuesday accused president donald trump’s supreme court pick of avoiding answering questions “like the plague” and dodging efforts to gauge his judicial independence during a meeting that deepened his concerns about the nominee. neil gorsuch
" new york (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court is weighing arguments for and against president donald trump’s temporary travel ban
"san francisco (reuters) - u.s. states where gasoline taxes have not risen in decades are now discussing an increase and conditions might be ripe for the proposed hikes to win approval in state legislatures
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate panel tasked with vetting labor secretary nominee and fast-food executive andrew puzder will hold his confirmation hearing on feb.16
"winston-salem
"washington (reuters) - the white house defended the president’s executive order to u.s. agencies to rescind two government regulations for every new rule introduced
"(reuters) - businessman chris kennedy
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on wednesday that the directors of national intelligence and the central intelligence agency would both be members of president donald trump’s cabinet. the senate has confirmed former u.s. representative mike pompeo as cia director
washington (reuters) - a u.s. federal appeals court said it would not issue its ruling on wednesday regarding a temporary suspension of president donald trump’s order restricting travel from seven muslim-majority countries. a representative for the 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals said in a statement that it would give up to 90 minutes advance notice before it hands down its ruling.  
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives’ republican leader said on tuesday that legislation to replace former president barack obama’s signature healthcare law would be completed this year
 trump agree joint action against islamic state in syria: turkish sources"
 says courts 'so political'"
 sheriffs
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s order temporarily banning visitors from seven muslim-majority countries shows that his administration does not understand its counterterrorism duties
"new york (reuters) - when former reality television contestant summer zervos accused donald trump of sexual misconduct last fall
"washington/houston (reuters) - the u.s. army will grant the final permit for the controversial dakota access oil pipeline after an order from president donald trump to expedite the project despite opposition from native american tribes and climate activists. in a court filing on tuesday
"london (reuters) - president donald trump’s review of post-crisis banking rules could sound the death knell for new global standards now being finalized and rip apart a common approach to regulating international lenders
 iran
 mexican security officials speak despite diplomatic rift"
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on tuesday: trump’s order temporarily banning u.s. entry to people from seven muslim-majority countries comes under intense scrutiny from a federal appeals court that questions whether the ban unfairly targets people over their religion. homeland security chief john kelly tells a congressional panel he should have delayed trump’s travel ban on people from seven muslim-majority countries and on all refugees so he could brief congress on the executive order. two republican senators plan to unveil legislation to curb legal immigration by halving the number of people allowed to live as legal permanent residents. trump is planning to issue an executive order targeting a controversial dodd-frank rule that requires companies to disclose whether their products contain “conflict minerals” from a war-torn part of africa
"washington (reuters) - two republican senators proposed steps to slash the number of legal immigrants admitted into the united states by half on tuesday
"berlin (reuters) - the travel restrictions put in place by u.s. president donald trump on seven countries are deterring travelers from other countries too
"san francisco (reuters) - u.s. federal appeals court judges weighing the temporary suspension of president donald trump’s immigration restrictions order on tuesday vigorously pressed lawyers on both sides of the case in a hearing. senior circuit judge richard clifton
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s choice of billionaire betsy devos to be education secretary was confirmed by the u.s. senate on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - homeland security chief john kelly told a congressional panel on tuesday he should have delayed u.s. president donald trump’s travel ban on people from seven muslim-majority countries and on all refugees so he could brief congress on the executive order.      the temporary ban ignited international protests as the united states revoked 60
"washington (reuters) - homeland security secretary john kelly told a congressional panel on tuesday that he expects a wall on the u.s.-mexico border to be “well under way” within the next two years.  kelly said the wall would be some kind of “physical barrier
 japan
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. financial services committee told cnbc on tuesday that revamping the 2010 dodd-frank wall street reform law remained a “this-year priority” for president donald trump
 trump align on iran ahead of israeli leader's visit"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. homeland security secretary john kelly on tuesday said he backed a decision in the obama administration’s final days to designate elections systems as critical infrastructure in order to boost their cyber defenses
"washington (reuters) - a media watchdog group filed suit on tuesday to force u.s. president donald trump’s pick to head the environmental protection agency to release records detailing his communications with energy companies ahead of a senate vote to confirm his nomination. the lawsuit was filed in oklahoma court by the center for media and democracy and accuses scott pruitt
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on tuesday there was “no reason” to curb law enforcement agencies that seize cash
 japan's abe to spend time at trump resort in fla. after meeting: white house"
"washington (reuters) - homeland security secretary john kelly told a congressional panel on tuesday that he does not expect to meet president donald trump’s hiring targets for u.s. customs and border protection or immigration and customs enforcement agents within the next two years.  trump has called for an additional 5
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s choice to lead the labor department admitted to employing an undocumented immigrant as a house cleaner
"(reuters) - minnesota governor mark dayton will undergo surgery early next month for prostate cancer
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on tuesday he needed a u.s. appeals court considering the legality of his immigration order to go his way
' some not reported"
"cairo (reuters) - egypt praised on tuesday u.s president donald trump’s criticism of western media for what he said was their limited coverage of some militant attacks around the world
"kaunus
"washington (reuters) - elliott abrams
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senators on monday sharpened a potential line of attack against neil gorsuch’s nomination to the supreme court by questioning whether he would be sufficiently independent as a justice in light of president donald trump’s vigorous use of unilateral presidential power including his travel ban. their comments came after trump criticized james robart
' leaders tell trump"
"(reuters) - more than 100 companies
" washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives voted on monday to require law enforcement authorities to obtain a search warrant before seeking old emails from technology companies
"washington (reuters) - former and current employees of the u.s. environmental protection agency expressed opposition to president donald trump’s pick to run the agency on monday - in an open letter and a small street protest - reflecting divisions over the new administration’s plans to slash regulation. over 400 former epa staff members sent a letter to the u.s. senate asking it to reject the nomination of oklahoma attorney general scott pruitt as the agency’s new leader
"(reuters) - elon musk’s tesla inc and spacex on monday joined a legal brief filed by businesses opposed to president donald trump’s order restricting immigration from seven muslim-majority countries
 iran: lawmaker"
"london (reuters) - the speaker of britain’s lower house of parliament said on monday he would not support any plans for u.s. president donald trump to address parliament during a state visit planned for later this year
"on board air force one (reuters) - the white house is confident that it will prevail in a legal back-and-forth over president donald trump’s executive order to prevent travelers from seven countries entering the united states
"new york (reuters) - kanye west
"moscow (reuters) - one of russia’s top diplomats said on monday that government ministries in the united states and russia should restore direct communications channels with each other as part of a first step to rebuild bilateral ties. u.s. president donald trump and his russian counterpart vladimir putin have both said they would like to try to mend u.s.-russia relations that slid to a post-cold war low after moscow’s 2014 annexation of ukraine’s crimea.         sergei ryabkov
 emissions rules on energy"
 court system over travel ban"
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on sunday: trump ramps up his criticism of a federal judge who blocked a travel ban on seven mainly muslim nations and says courts were making u.s. border security harder
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump faces an uphill battle to overcome a federal judge’s temporary hold on his travel ban on seven mainly muslim countries
 work with youth"
"west palm beach
"baghdad (reuters) - iraq is satisfied with a u.s. appeals court ruling against a travel ban imposed by u.s. president donald trump
 colorado governor sees government desire to work with trump"
"lyon
"valletta (reuters) - “our donald”
"washington/palm beach
"dubai (reuters) - kuwait has denied a media report which said it had imposed a travel ban on citizens from several muslim-majority countries
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeal court late on saturday denied an emergency appeal from the u.s. department of justice to restore an immigration order from president donald trump barring citizens from seven mainly muslim countries and temporarily banning refugees. “appellants’ request for an immediate administrative stay pending full consideration of the emergency motion for a stay pending appeal is denied
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department filed an appeal late saturday to restore president donald trump’s immigration order barring citizens from seven mainly muslim countries and temporarily banning refugees
 including syrians"
"seattle/washington (reuters) - when washington state attorney general bob ferguson arrived in seattle last saturday after a trip to florida
"amman (reuters) - jordanian airline royal jordanian received instructions from the u.s. authorities on saturday allowing travelers from syria
 allows travelers with visas into u.s.: official"
"washington (reuters) - the department of homeland security will stop flagging travelers from certain countries targeted by an executive order from president donald trump
"london (reuters) - several thousand people demonstrated outside the u.s. embassy in london on saturday against president donald trump and his temporary ban on refugees and nationals from seven muslim-majority countries from entering the united states. protesters held black banners with blood stains bearing slogans such as “no to trump. no to war” and “trump: special relationship? just say no.” at the demonstration against the ban and trump’s foreign policy. trump signed an order just over a week ago putting a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the u.s. and temporarily barred travelers from syria and six other muslim-majority countries. on friday
 qatar airways to let barred passengers back on u.s. flights"
 etihad
"london (reuters) - formula one’s new owners liberty media may have made a mistake  in ousting commercial supremo bernie ecclestone immediately after completing their takeover of the sport
"paris (reuters) - air france said on saturday it had reopened u.s.-bound flights to passengers affected by president donald trump’s travel ban on nationals from seven muslim-majority countries
"toronto (reuters) - the u.s. department of justice will not be filing an emergency stay on friday night to overturn a seattle’s judge ruling that blocked a u.s. executive order temporarily barring refugees and nationals from seven countries from entering the united states
"washington (reuters) - vincent viola
"(reuters) - u.s. customs & border protection (cbp) has informed u.s. airlines that they can once again board travelers who had been barred by an executive order last week
"tokyo (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis wrapped up a visit to japan  on saturday reaffirming washington’s commitment to its defense treaty with tokyo amid concerns about president donald trump’s approach to the region and the alliance. mattis reiterated that provocations by north korea
"tokyo (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on saturday he was not considering hiking the number of u.s. forces in the middle east to address iran’s “misbehavior” at this time
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department was informed by the justice department of the ruling by a washington state court blocking u.s. president donald trump’s order barring nationals from seven countries from entering the united states
000 visas for now"
 tehran hits back"
"(reuters) - more than 9.2 million u.s. consumers signed up for health insurance using the healthcare.gov website during the open enrollment period between november and jan. 31
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will meet with the chief executive officers of airlines on thursday
(reuters) - a u.s. federal judge in seattle on friday granted a nationwide temporary restraining order on president donald trump’s executive order made last week that temporarily barred entry to the united states to citizens of seven muslim-majority countries.   the ruling is the broadest to date against trump’s directive. 
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: dodd-frank trump orders reviews of major banking rules put in place after the 2008 financial crisis
 mexico"
"washington (reuters) - a high-profile conference on libya planned for mid-february in washington has been postponed
 withdraws old islamist video from yemen raid"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. labor department is looking into delaying the implementation date of its new fiduciary rule governing the advice that brokers can give about retirement investments
"washington (reuters) - the deputy director of the u.s. national security agency
 brokers cheer trump's order"
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives are considering possible changes to the design of their controversial border adjustment tax proposal to accommodate industries worried about being harmed by the provision
 eu insists on european unity"
 not shred
 rules"
"(reuters) - a trump administration aide corrected herself on friday after being widely criticized for referencing a 2011 “bowling green massacre” in kentucky that never occurred to defend president donald trump’s temporary ban on immigrants from seven muslim-majority countries. white house adviser kellyanne conway said in an interview with msnbc’s chris matthews on thursday that trump’s executive order was justified in part by the “bowling green massacre” of 2011. she added
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on friday will call on the u.s. labor department to delay for 180 days the implementation of its fiduciary duty rule requiring brokers offering retirement investment advice to put their clients’ interest first
 individuals: tv"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s order on financial regulations issued on friday will require the treasury secretary to submit a report on potential regulatory and legislative reforms in 120 days
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on friday scheduled oral arguments in a major dispute on transgender rights for march 28
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is in the midst “of a full review of all u.s. policies towards cuba
"ankara (reuters) - iran’s foreign minister mohammad javad zarif tweeted on friday that the islamic republic was unmoved by u.s. threats following its missile test launch and that tehran would never initiate war. “iran unmoved by threats as we derive security from our people. will never initiate war
"(reuters) - iran said on friday it had barred a u.s. wrestling team from the freestyle world cup competition in retaliation for an executive order by president donald trump banning visas for iranians
"washington (reuters) - the iran-related sanctions the united states imposed on friday were “in the pipeline” before president donald trump took office
washington (reuters) - the white house said on friday that it will continue to work with the republican-controlled u.s. congress on a “legislative piece” to address the dodd-frank financial regulation law. white house spokesman sean spicer made the comment as  president donald trump prepared to sign executive actions to direct a review of the dodd-frank act and put the brakes on a retirement advice rule. 
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration said on thursday that israel’s building of new settlements or expansion of existing ones in occupied territories may not be helpful in achieving peace with palestinians
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli officials welcomed on friday what they took as u.s. consent to expand existing settlements
"washington (reuters) - senior u.s. administration officials said sanctions imposed against iran earlier on friday were only the “initial steps in response to iranian provocative behavior.” the u.s. treasury sanctioned 13 individuals and 12 entities under its iran sanctions authority
 says won't be as kind as obama"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. treasury said sanctions announced on friday against a group of individuals and entities underscored a u.s. commitment to use such measures over iran’s ballistic missile program and “destabilizing activities in the region.” it said in a statement that the sanctions were “fully consistent” with u.s. commitments under the iran nuclear deal reached in 2015
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on friday repealed a rule put forth in the final days of the obama administration that limited emissions of the potent greenhouse gas methane from oil and gas drilling on federal lands
"ankara (reuters) - many iranians who dreamt of quiet
"washington (reuters) - the united states on friday sanctioned 13 individuals and 12 entities under u.s. iran sanctions authority
washington (reuters) - german foreign minister sigmar gabriel said it was necessary to do everything possible to make progress on the nuclear deal with iran and that he did not see any indications during a visit to the united states that washington would terminate it. u.s. president donald trump said earlier on thursday that “nothing is off the table” in dealing with iran following its test launch of a ballistic missile. 
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate could vote as early as monday on confirming president donald trump’s pick for education secretary
"(reuters) - a u.s. district judge in detroit has issued an order temporarily restraining the trump administration from carrying out immigration restrictions in a presidential executive order
 except in self-defense"
"san francisco/washington (reuters) - uber technologies inc chief executive officer travis kalanick quit president donald trump’s business advisory group on thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. critics included uber drivers
"seoul (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s defense secretary warned north korea on friday of an “effective and overwhelming” response if it chose to use nuclear weapons
"(reuters) - lockheed martin corp (lmt.n) did not turn to corey lewandowski
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s pick for ambassador to china
"(reuters) - the american civil liberties union accused the trump administration in a lawsuit filed on thursday of violating the religious freedom of some nationals from seven muslim-majority countries who have been barred from entering the united states. the aclu filed the lawsuit in federal court in the northern district of california on behalf of three student visa holders
"beijing (reuters) - china said on friday it resolutely opposes deployment of a u.s. anti-missile defense system in south korea after south korea said its defense chiefs have agreed to deploy the system this year. chinese foreign ministry spokesman lu kang reiterated china’s opposition to the u.s. system at a daily news briefing in beijing. china has consistently opposed the decision to deploy the terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) system
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel’s ambassador to the united nations said on friday it was too early to tell how the white house’s latest statement on israel’s recent drive to build new homes in the occupied west bank would affect future building. it was a first reaction by an israeli official to the statement in washington hours earlier by the administration of u.s. president donald trump that israel’s building of new settlements or expansion of existing ones in occupied territories may not be helpful in achieving peace with palestinians. “it’s still too early to tell ... i would not categorize this as a u-turn by the u.s. administration but the issue is clearly on their agenda ... the issue will be discussed when the prime minister (benjamin netanyahu) meets the president in washington
"washington (reuters) - republicans in congress struggled on thursday with their efforts to dismantle obamacare
 on first day
 south korea agree to deploy thaad this year
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 u.s. law banning political activity
"washington (reuters) - a watchdog agency at the u.s. department of homeland security said it is planning to review how president donald trump’s immigration executive order to temporarily suspend travel from seven majority-muslim nations was implemented. the review of friday’s order was being planned “in response to congressional request and whistleblower and hotline complaints
 canada: state department official"
"san francisco/ washington (reuters) - a trump administration effort to exclude violent white supremacists from a government anti-terrorism program and focus efforts solely on islamist extremism drew a sharp backlash thursday
"washington (reuters) - a veteran cia clandestine service officer who ran one of the agency’s “black site” prisons set up after the 9/11 attacks was named deputy director of the u.s. spy agency on thursday by u.s. president donald trump.  gina haspel
"sacramento
"sacramento
 others near chopping block"
 urges trump to hit back"
"united nations (reuters) - u.s. ambassador to the united nations nikki haley blamed russia on thursday for the recent surge of violence in eastern ukraine and warned ukraine-related sanctions against russia will not be lifted until moscow returns crimea to kiev. “i consider it unfortunate on the occasion of my first appearance here i must condemn the aggressive actions of russia
"(reuters) - the republican-controlled iowa state senate voted on thursday to cut medicaid funding for family planning services to abortion providers including planned parenthood.  state senators passed the bill 30-20
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump defended his order to temporarily bar entry to people from seven majority-muslim nations
"washington (reuters) - the united states is expected to impose sanctions on multiple iranian entities as early as friday following tehran’s recent ballistic missile test
 german foreign minister agree on nato's central security role: white house"
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on thursday: trump is poised to impose new sanctions on multiple iranian entities
 firmly conservative"
"new york (reuters) - hundreds of new york city bodegas
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump discussed with jordan’s king abdullah the possibility of establishing safe zones in syria
"ottawa/winnipeg (reuters) - canadian prime minister justin trudeau is taking a low key approach to dealing with u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the battered u.s. coal industry rejoiced after the senate voted on thursday to repeal a rule that limited companies from dumping mining waste in streams
"(reuters) - cerberus capital management lp’s chief executive officer stephen feinberg is in talks to join u.s. president donald trump’s administration in a senior role
"(reuters) - scientists may steal a page from the oil industry’s playbook to stop president donald trump rewriting the u.s. position on climate change
"bogota (reuters) - nobel peace prize winners meeting in colombia criticized u.s. president donald trump’s immigration policies on thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump reiterated his concerns about the north american free trade agreement (nafta) deal on thursday and said he would like to speed up talks to either renegotiate or replace the deal. “i would like to speed it up if possible. you’re the folks who can do it
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on thursday rejected separate bids by 16 states and two democratic lawmakers to defend the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau in a legal battle that could defang the agency created under former president barack obama. in a brief order
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house republicans are unlikely to begin tackling tax reform legislation until the summer
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate finance committee chairman orrin hatch said on thursday that a re-examination of the north american free trade agreement with canada and mexico “makes sense
 other actions"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump told reporters on thursday said “nothing is off the table” in terms of a response to iran’s ballistic missile test. trump made the comment in response to a question about whether he would consider military options to respond to iran
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will honor a u.s. agreement with australia to accept refugees housed on islands off that country’s coast although he is unhappy about the deal
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. congressman jason chaffetz said on thursday he plans to withdraw a bill that would have sold off more than 3 million acres of federal land to private interests after it drew a barrage of negative comments from hunters and outdoor enthusiasts. chaffetz said in a post on the instagram social media site that he would scrap the so-called disposal of excess federal lands act of 2017
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate budget committee on thursday voted to confirm republican congressman mick mulvaney as white house budget director under president donald trump. senators narrowly approved trump’s nominee along party lines in a 12-11 vote. democrats criticized him for hard line fiscal positions on popular social programs and for failing to pay more than $15
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house of representatives subcommittee will take up bipartisan legislation next week to foster generic drug development
"washington (reuters) - a senate committee suspended rules on thursday to approve u.s. president donald trump’s controversial choice to lead the environmental protection agency on thursday
"washington (reuters) - senate armed services committee chairman john mccain asked president donald trump on thursday to help ukraine defend itself against an increase in recent attacks from russia. “in light of the latest russian attacks and the prospect of future aggression against ukraine
"washington (reuters) - homeland security secretary john kelly said on thursday he hoped to have a wall along the southern u.s. border with mexico finished within two years
" washington/san francisco (reuters) - the trump administration wants to revamp and rename a u.s. government program designed to counter all violent ideologies so that it focuses solely on islamist extremism
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump met on thursday with jordan’s king abdullah ahead of an annual prayer breakfast in washington
" dover air force base
"washington (reuters) - the white house put iran “on notice” on wednesday for test-firing a ballistic missile and said it was reviewing how to respond
 baseless and provocative'"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate confirmed rex tillerson as president donald trump’s secretary of state on wednesday
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe is considering increasing energy imports from the united states
" washington (reuters) - evangelical christian leader jerry falwell jr. will head an education reform task force under u.s. president donald trump and is keen to cut university regulations
"vatican city (reuters) - the vatican said on wednesday it was worried about u.s. president donald trump’s moves on immigration
 mexican officials try to find common ground on security: sources"
"los angeles/new york (reuters) - a federal judge in los angeles has ruled president donald trump’s administration must allow immigrants with initial clearance for legal residency to enter the united states from seven muslim-majority nations
"moscow (reuters) - russia is ready to make contact with new u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson and is considering a meeting in bonn or munich in germany in february
"dubai (reuters) - a commando raid approved by new u.s. president donald trump this week may have given al qaeda in yemen a propaganda boost in killing civilians
 jared kushner's their man"
"washington (reuters) - rex tillerson’s job as chief u.s. diplomat became harder before it even began because of white house moves that have antagonized muslim nations
"(reuters) - u.s hedge fund manager anthony scaramucci
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senators on wednesday delayed a committee vote on president donald trump’s pick to head the environmental protection agency after the panel’s democrats boycotted the meeting
 iran
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe said on thursday that  currency policy was not an issue that should be discussed between leaders of countries as doing so would make it a political issue. abe made the remark in parliament when asked by a lawmaker if he would discuss currencies in a meeting with u.s. president donald trump next week. “i’ll explain (our policy) if asked
"(reuters) - texas governor greg abbott made good on his promise to cut $1.5 million in grant money to travis county after the county sheriff said she would limit her department’s cooperation with federal immigration officers
"washington (reuters) - the united states military has not changed its posture in response to iran test-firing a ballistic missile
 patients after u.s. travel ban"
 trump high court pick was friend to business"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate judiciary committee voted on tuesday to confirm senator jeff sessions as attorney general of the united states
 backs price
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on wednesday: trump urges senate republicans to “go nuclear” and impose a rule change to force a simple majority vote toward confirmation if democrats block his u.s. supreme court nominee. public refusals by two u.s. senate republicans to support betsy devos
"(reuters) - a federal judge in florida on wednesday directed a golf club owned by u.s. president donald trump to pay $5.77 million to former members who claimed it wrongfully refused to refund their deposits after trump took over in 2012. u.s. district judge kenneth marra in west palm beach said trump national golf club jupiter must repay $4.849 million plus $925
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump opened a “listening session” on wednesday for black history month by lashing out at one of his favorite targets for derision - the news media - complaining to a group of his supporters that most reporters who cover him are a “disgrace.”  trump rehashed his grievances over a report that erroneously said a bust of slain civil rights leader martin luther king jr. had been removed from the white house oval office - a mistake that was quickly corrected but caused a stir on social media. “it was never even touched. so i think it was a disgrace
 pollution"
"washington (reuters) - public refusals on wednesday by two u.s. senate republicans to support betsy devos
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will likely face questions about  his executive order restricting some travel to the united states when he meets with the ceos of major u.s. companies at the white house on friday. companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president’s business advisory panel include jpmorgan chase & co (jpm.n)
 drawing tough response from trump aide"
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. government on wednesday proposed an increase of 0.25 percent on average in payments to health insurers who offer medicare advantage insurance
"berlin (reuters) - german foreign minister sigmar gabriel on wednesday said he would travel to the united states to meet with the newly confirmed u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson
"washington/cannon ball
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday urged senate republicans to “go nuclear” and impose a rule change to force a simple majority vote on confirmation if democrats block his u.s. supreme court nominee
"new york/san francisco (reuters) - president donald trump’s travel restrictions on people from seven countries could dampen international enrollment at u.s. colleges
"washington (reuters) - nationals from seven muslim-majority countries temporarily barred from the united states by president donald trump’s executive order may be blocked indefinitely
 doubt over february conference"
 most muslims unaffected"
"federal appeals court judge neil gorsuch
"washington (reuters) - a group of top u.s. house of representatives democrats sent a letter on tuesday asking the department of defense to review a paid appearance at a russian event by retired army lieutenant general michael flynn
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on wednesday it has issued updated guidance on president donald trump’s executive order on immigration clarifying that legal permanent residents
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. senate republican on tax policy raised questions on wednesday about a border adjustment tax backed by republicans in the house of representatives
 u.n. experts add to censure of trump move"
"united nations (reuters) - u.n. secretary-general antonio guterres said on wednesday that u.s. president donald trump’s travel restrictions on people with passports from seven countries and a freeze on refugee resettlement was “not the best way to protect the u.s.” and should be lifted sooner than later.  guterres’ comments were his first to directly address trump’s signing of an executive order last friday on immigration amid a drumbeat of criticism from around the world and protests. the order put a 120-day halt on the u.s. refugee program
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday said he would urge fellow republicans in the senate to invoke a rule change to force a simple majority vote on his supreme court nominee if democrats block his choice. with some democrats questioning trump’s choice of federal 	appeals court judge neil gorsuch the day after the president announced him
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator chris coons
"washington (reuters) - democratic senator kirsten gillibrand said on wednesday she opposed president donald trump’s nominee to fill a vacancy on the u.s. supreme court and called for judge neil gorsuch’s confirmation to require a 60-vote threshold. trump
" new york (reuters) - imposing a temporary travel ban on citizens from seven muslim countries
" (in this jan. 31 story
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on tuesday nominated neil gorsuch for a lifetime job on the u.s. supreme court
 democrats
" moscow (reuters) - in his book
 eying china
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary james mattis has directed the pentagon to seek an increase in overall spending to address shortfalls and “new requirements” needed to accelerate the campaign against islamic state
 resistance within the government"
"london (reuters) - around half of britons believe u.s. president donald trump’s planned uk state visit should go ahead
"(reuters) - ray dalio
"washington (reuters) - billionaire philanthropist betsy devos
"sydney (reuters) - the united states will apply ‘extreme vetting’ to up to 1
 secret flight brought trump's court pick to washington"
"new york (reuters) - supreme court nominee judge neil gorsuch is known for questioning how far courts should go in deferring to federal agencies on interpreting the law
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on tuesday: trump nominates neil gorsuch for a lifetime job on the u.s. supreme court
 warns against lifting russia sanctions"
 more u.s. production"
"washington (reuters) - after days of chaos at airports and confusion over details of president donald trump’s immigration executive order
"washington (reuters) - the top republican at the u.s. securities and exchange commission on tuesday took the first step toward scaling back the controversial “conflict minerals” rule
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee to the u.s. supreme court
"washington (reuters) - for seven years
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will nominate u.s. attorney rod rosenstein to be deputy attorney general
"washington (reuters) - republicans pressed ahead in their deregulatory push on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - ronald vitiello has been appointed chief of the u.s. border patrol
"washington (reuters) - elaine chao
"washington (reuters) - about 900 u.s. state department officials signed an internal dissent memo protesting a travel ban by u.s. president donald trump on refugees and travelers from seven muslim-majority countries
 mnuchin
"new york (reuters) - several relatives of victims of the sept. 11 attacks on new york and washington criticized president donald trump’s executive order on immigration on tuesday
"new york (ifr) - jared kushner has divested his equity interest in 666 fifth avenue
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on tuesday postponed signing an executive order that is expected to require the heads of government agencies to play a more direct role in reviewing and managing risks to networks under their control. trump
" (in this jan. 30 story
"washington (reuters) - when donald trump’s administration put together its controversial executive order on immigration
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate panel tasked with vetting andrew puzder to head the labor department has postponed its tentative plans to hold his confirmation hearing yet again
"washington (reuters) - conservative u.s. appeals court judge neil gorsuch has been told he is likely president donald trump’s pick to fill a seat on the u.s. supreme court that has been vacant for almost a year
 interior"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government has granted waivers to let 872 refugees into the country this week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on tuesday defended president donald trump’s executive order on immigration and refugees
 more u.s. production"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump signed an order on monday that will seek to dramatically reduce federal regulations
 but trump's is different"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate advanced the nomination of former exxon mobil corp (xom.n) chief executive rex tillerson on monday to be president donald trump’s secretary of state
"london (reuters) - a planned state visit to britain by u.s. president donald trump is months away and any program has yet to be worked out
 investment initiative ahead of abe-trump summit"
"san francisco (reuters) - a group of technology companies plans to meet on tuesday to discuss filing an amicus brief in support of a lawsuit challenging u.s. president donald trump’s order restricting immigration from seven muslim-majority countries
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on monday appointed thomas homan acting director of u.s. immigration and customs enforcement (ice)
"mexico city (reuters) - there are signs the u.s. government is taking a more flexible view of how to pay for its planned border wall with mexico
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump intends to nominate elaine duke as deputy secretary of the department of homeland security
"washington (reuters) - republicans on monday continued their drive to loosen u.s. regulation
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is expected to sign an executive order on cyber security on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - acting u.s. attorney general sally yates has told justice department lawyers not to defend president donald trump’s order temporarily banning travelers from seven muslim-majority countries
"washington (reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on monday: congressional democrats and some foreign nations
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will amend his recent national security council reorganization to add the cia to the group
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senators tried to force a vote on a bill to rescind president donald trump’s order banning travel from seven muslim-majority nations on monday
 faculty rally to try to save obamacare"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats delayed the senate finance committee’s vote on u.s. treasury secretary nominee steven mnuchin on monday so they could protest against president donald trump’s order banning travel from seven muslim-majority nations. the panel will now vote on mnuchin’s nomination on tuesday at 10 a.m. est (1500 gmt)
 state department is silent"
"new york (reuters) - new york governor andrew cuomo said on monday he would seek to ensure that women have access to late-term abortions in the state even if conservatives on the u.s. supreme court remove federal legal guarantees in place since the 1973 roe v. wade ruling.  cuomo
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said he will announce his nominee to the u.s. supreme court on tuesday as he looks to quickly put his stamp on the court by restoring its conservative majority
"washington (reuters) - u.s. state department officials on monday circulated a draft memo criticizing president donald trump’s executive order on immigration
"baghdad/cairo (reuters) - a global backlash against u.s. president donald trump’s immigration curbs gathered strength on sunday as several countries including long-standing american allies criticized the measures as discriminatory and divisive. governments from london and berlin to jakarta and tehran spoke out against trump’s order to put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the united states and temporarily ban travelers from syria and six other muslim-majority countries. he said the move would help protect americans from terrorism.  in germany - which has taken in large numbers of people fleeing the syrian civil war - chancellor angela merkel said the global fight against terrorism was no excuse for the measures and “does not justify putting people of a specific background or faith under general suspicion”
"dublin (reuters) - ireland will conduct a complete review of u.s. customs pre-clearance arrangements at its airports following the concern caused by president donald trump’s curbs on immigration
"washington (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu will meet with president donald trump on feb. 15 for talks covering a range of security issues
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said on monday he planned to push u.s. president donald trump to renew sanctions against iran during a visit to washington next month
"(reuters) - former u.s. president barack obama is heartened by the political activism he sees across the country and disagrees with discrimination against people based on their religion
 jordan's abdullah discuss islamic state
"washington (reuters) - the white house confirmed on monday that a new executive order to slash regulations will not apply to independent regulatory agencies such as the securities and exchange commission
"baghdad (reuters) - iraq has asked the united states to reconsider the travel ban on its citizens
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations refugee agency voiced alarm on monday at u.s.  president donald trump’s decision to suspend entry of refugees
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon was creating a list of iraqis who had worked alongside u.s. troops
 says former epa transition head"
 vow more attacks"
 u.n. specialist says"
"dubai (reuters) - the new u.s. immigration curbs have cast uncertainty over the futures of thousands of iranian students in the united states
" (this version of the jan 29 story has been corrected to show former senate republican leader trent lott is from mississippi not missouri) by laila kearney (reuters) - many of president donald trump’s core political supporters had a simple message on sunday for the fiercest opponents of his immigration ban: calm down.  the relaxed reaction among the kind of voters who drove trump’s historic upset victory - working- and middle-class residents of midwest and the south - provided a striking contrast to the uproar that has gripped major coastal cities
"geneva (reuters) - discriminating against people on the basis of their nationality is illegal
"berlin (reuters) - chancellor angela merkel said the global fight against terrorism does not warrant putting groups of people under suspicion
 some police unions seek to overhaul obama’s reforms"
"geneva (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s decision to stop resettlement of syrian refugees will cost lives
 official says"
"addis ababa (reuters) - the head of the african union said on monday that a u.s. travel ban on seven muslim-majority countries including three in africa heralded “turbulent times” for the continent. nkosazana dlamini-zuma spoke after u.s. president donald trump’s executive order halted travel by people with passports from libya
 china says 'reasonable concerns' must be considered"
 anger as trump order halts some muslim immigrants"
 crew rosters on us flights after trump order"
 criticism"
"tokyo (reuters) - japan airlines co (9201.t) said on monday it has begun screening passengers from the seven muslim-majority countries affected by the president donald trump’s travel ban before their departure for the united states. officials at japan’s second biggest carrier will contact the u.s. customs and border protection agency when passengers from those countries check in at the airport before departure to confirm whether they will be allowed entry
 south korea's hwang agree to strengthen defenses against north korea: white house"
"indian wells
"washington (reuters) - aides to u.s. president donald trump on sunday called the implementation of a temporary travel ban on people from seven muslim-majority countries a “massive success story” despite criticism from some top republicans
"(reuters) - u.s. judges in at least five states blocked federal authorities from enforcing president donald trump’s executive order restricting immigration from seven muslim-majority countries. however
"washington (reuters) - jan 29 (reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on sunday: trump fights back amid international criticism
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain said on sunday that president donald trump’s order targeting immigration from seven predominantly muslim countries has been “confusing” and raised a number of questions. “it’s been a very confusing process
"(reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer on sunday demanded that president donald trump reverse an executive order targeting immigration from seven predominantly muslim countries
"washington (reuters) - u.s. homeland security secretary john kelly said on sunday that in applying the provisions of president donald trump’s executive order on refugees and immigration
"washington (reuters) - senator bob corker
"washington (reuters) - the republican-majority u.s. senate finance committee will vote on tuesday on the nomination of representative tom price to head the department of health and human services
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on saturday put restrictions on the kind of lucrative lobbying gigs his white house aides and other administration officials can accept after they leave government. trump
 visitors from seven mainly muslim nations"
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on friday his administration wants more rigorous screening of refugees and visitors from certain countries to prevent terrorist attacks. here is what trump’s order on “extreme vetting” - denounced by civil rights groups as discriminatory - includes. the order bars the entry of foreign nationals from certain countries for 90 days. while no countries are specifically named in the order
"washington (reuters) - divisions have emerged among advisers to president donald trump over whether to rescind a signature policy of his predecessor
"toronto (reuters) - more than 200 canadian technology company founders
 agencies"
 graham: order may help recruit terrorists"
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel told u.s. president donald trump that the global fight against terrorism was no excuse for banning refugees or people from muslim-majority countries from entering the united states
 keen to work together against islamic state"
"cairo (reuters) - sudan summoned the u.s. charge d’affaires on sunday to complain about an order by president donald trump that temporarily bans the entry of its citizens to the united states. the sudanese foreign ministry said in a statement the decision sent a “negative message”
 syrian christians still see no light"
"beirut (reuters) - a syrian christian orthodox family was turned back from philadelphia international airport after traveling to the united states from lebanon
 military"
"istanbul (reuters) - dozens of people were stopped from flying to the united states from istanbul ataturk airport on sunday
"washington (reuters) - the white house on sunday defended its implementation of president donald trump’s executive action targeting immigration  from seven predominantly muslim countries and said only two dozen travelers remain detained. “it wasn’t chaos
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell
"new york (reuters) - a federal judge blocked the deportation on saturday of dozens of travelers and refugees from seven muslim-majority nations
"dubai (reuters) - iran’s foreign ministry summoned the swiss ambassador to tehran on sunday to protest against u.s. president donald trump’s travel ban against people from iran and six other muslim nations
"(reuters) - a group of state attorneys general are discussing whether to file their own court challenge against president donald trump’s order to restrict people from seven muslim-majority countries entering the united states
"paris (reuters) - consideration for the plight of refugees is a duty
"baghdad (reuters) - an influential shi’ite cleric said on sunday american nationals should leave iraq
"(reuters) - the u.s. department of homeland security said in a statement late on saturday it would “comply with judicial orders” but that president donald trump’s executive action restricting entry into the country from seven muslim-majority nations remains in place. the statement was issued hours after a federal judge in new york blocked the deportation of dozens of travelers and refugees from those countries who were stranded at u.s. airports. “these individuals went through enhanced security screenings and are being processed for entry to the united states
"cairo (reuters) - airlines operating at cairo airport were officially requested on sunday to prevent u.s. immigration visa holders from seven muslim-majority countries from boarding flights to the united states
"beirut (reuters) - airlines operating at beirut’s rafic hariri international airport have begun implementing measures in compliance with u.s. president donald trump’s travel ban on refugees and nationals of seven muslim-majority countries
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel told u.s. president donald trump that the global fight against terrorism was no excuse for banning refugees or people from muslim-majority countries from entering the united states
 spokesman tells spiegel"
"baghdad (reuters) - iraq’s popular mobilization on sunday called on the iraqi government to ban u.s. nationals from entering iraq and to expel those who are already in the country
"baghdad (reuters) - iraq’s foreign affairs committee on sunday said the u.s. travel curbs imposed on iraqis were “unfair
"(reuters) - a new ban on u.s. travel for nationals of seven middle eastern countries caught the airline industry unprepared
 uk's may criticizes trump curb on refugees"
 turkey pm says"
"(reuters) - yemen is “dismayed” by u.s. president donald trump’s decision  to temporarily ban its citizens from traveling to the united states
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi lawmakers have requested that parliament discuss u.s. travel curbs imposed on the nation and six other muslim-majority countries
"washington (reuters) - the department of homeland security said on saturday it was carefully monitoring litigation to do with u.s. president donald trump’s executive order affecting seven muslim-majority countries but had not yet seen a copy of the emergency stay issued by a u.s. federal court. a senior homeland security official said of roughly 375 travelers affected by the order
"dubai (reuters) - iran said on saturday it would stop u.s. citizens entering the country in retaliation to washington’s visa ban against tehran and six other majority-muslim countries announced by new u.s. president donald trump. “while respecting the american people and distinguishing between them and the hostile policies of the u.s. government
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations refugee agency and international organization for migration (iom) called on the trump administration on saturday to continue offering asylum to people fleeing war and persecution
 germany concerned about trump's moves to limit refugees"
"amsterdam (reuters) - dutch airline klm said on saturday it had refused carriage to the united states to seven passengers from predominately muslim countries subject to a temporary immigration ban imposed by the trump administration. a spokeswoman for klm
"dubai (reuters) - qatar airways advised passengers bound for the united states on saturday from seven newly banned majority muslim countries that they needed to have either a u.s. green card or diplomatic visa. “nationals of the following countries: sudan
 republicans map strategy"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence fired up tens of thousands of anti-abortion activists who gathered on friday for the 44th march for life
"united nations (reuters) - the new u.s. ambassador to the united nations
"new york (reuters) - iraqis who say their lives are in danger because they worked with the u.s. government in iraq fear their chances of finding refuge in the united states may vanish under a new order signed on friday by president donald trump. the order temporarily suspends the united states’ main refugee program and halts visas being issued to citizens of several predominantly muslim countries
"washington/moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin and u.s. president donald trump are likely to discuss the sanctions that washington imposed on russia over the conflict in ukraine when the two leaders speak by telephone on saturday
"washington (reuters) - the presidents of the united states and mexico spoke by phone on friday after relations between the neighboring countries frayed further over donald trump’s border wall plan
"lima (reuters) - peru and colombia vowed to stand with mexico as the country faces an uncertain economic future and grapples with a crisis with the united states just days into u.s. president donald trump’s administration. peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski said members of the latin american trade bloc the pacific alliance must double down on efforts to open markets and strengthen ties as they navigate the “turbulent waters” of protectionist rhetoric. peru
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on friday signed an executive order he said would impose tighter vetting to prevent foreign terrorists from entering the united states. “i’m establishing new vetting measures to keep radical islamic terrorists out of the united states of america
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on friday that he would defer to defense secretary james mattis regarding the use of waterboarding as an intelligence-gathering tool
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will speak by phone with japanese prime minister shinzo abe on saturday morning
"mexico city (reuters) - donald trump’s combative style has buffeted mexico’s president for months
' sees opportunities for mexico"
"(reuters) - new jersey prosecutors on friday said they would not pursue criminal misconduct charges against governor chris christie in connection with the “bridgegate” scandal. the office of the bergen county prosecutor said in a letter to a local judge it did not have sufficient evidence to prove allegations that christie knew about a plot to close lanes at the george washington bridge in 2013 in order to punish a local mayor for failing to endorse christie’s re-election bid. “the reason is simple
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s cabinet is worth a combined $14 billion
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on friday he is only in the early stages of considering whether to lift u.s. sanctions on russia
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: trump
 contracts ends friday"
"(reuters) - mexico’s wealthiest man carlos slim on friday said donald trump was a negotiator
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said in an interview on friday that he has the right to impose a tax on imports from mexico
"miami (reuters) - two florida ports have canceled plans to sign cooperation pacts with communist-ruled cuba after state governor rick scott threatened to cancel their funding if they did business with the “cuban dictatorship.” the news comes as cuba watchers are looking closely for signs of how the united states’ fragile detente with cuba will fare under president donald trump. trump has threatened to scrap moves to normalize relations
"washington (reuters) - new u.s. president donald trump’s “america first” rhetoric and confrontational negotiating style have sparked frantic calls to the white house and congress from diplomats and lobbyists concerned the united states no longer has their back. when word swirled through washington on thursday that trump might be preparing to ease u.s. sanctions on russia
 u.n. funding at this time: admin official"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate’s republican majority leader mitch mcconnell said on friday he opposes lifting any sanctions on russia
"(reuters) - highlights of the day for u.s. president donald trump’s administration on friday: u.s.-britain trump says he wants good relations with russia and declined to say whether he was ready to lift sanctions on moscow
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on friday the united states should keep its sanctions against russia
 mexico's pena nieto agree to work out differences on wall"
"philadelphia/mexico city (reuters) - the white house on thursday floated the idea of imposing a 20 percent tax on goods from mexico to pay for a wall at the southern u.s. border
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is poised to sign an executive order on friday to temporarily halt refugees from some muslim-majority nations
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday that syrian christians will be given priority when it comes to applying for refugee status in the united states. “if you were a muslim you could come in
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on friday that evangelical christians would love his choice to fill an open seat on the supreme court
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he had a “very good” phone call with mexican president enrique pena nieto on friday and agreed to work to improve ties after a meeting between the two leaders was scrapped amid a dispute over funding trump’s planned border wall. “we had a very good call. i have been very strong on mexico. i have great respect for mexico ... but
 u.s. agree not to talk publicly about wall payment"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator rob portman
"washington (reuters) - britain’s queen elizabeth has invited u.s. president donald trump for a state visit later this year and he has accepted
"(reuters) - republican lawmakers in several central u.s. states are pushing bills that would crack down on demonstrations
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump kept up his criticism of mexico on friday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump spoke by phone on friday to mexican president enrique pena nieto
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration’s investigation into what the president has claimed is widespread voting fraud will likely include a “full evaluation of voting rules
 mexico says at 'impasse' with trump over wall payment"
 labor officials to manufacturing jobs council"
 refugees"
 germany
 u.s. suspends refugee resettlement interviews"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will seek quick progress toward a bilateral trade agreement with japan in place of a broader asia-pacific deal he abandoned this week
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s executive order directing federal agencies to take away funding from self-proclaimed sanctuary cities had one big exemption for one of his favorite constituencies: the police
 says french presidential hopeful macron"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s push to create safe zones in syria could force him to make some risky decisions about how far to go to protect refugees
' uk pm calls on trump to renew special relationship"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said the united states needs more submarines but he wants to buy them at a lower cost
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe said on friday that it is not so easy to change u.s. president donald trump’s mind on the trans-pacific partnership (tpp). trump will seek quick progress towards a bilateral trade agreement with japan in place of the tpp deal he abandoned this week
"washington (reuters) - defense secretary james mattis stressed the united states’ commitment to nato in a telephone call with germany’s defense minister on thursday
"san francisco/new york (reuters) - president donald trump’s push to fulfill a campaign promise to replace obamacare
"philadelphia (reuters) - president donald trump pushed republican lawmakers on thursday for swift action on a sweeping agenda including his planned u.s.-mexican border wall
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump would favor senate republicans changing voting rules to allow a simple majority of the senate to approve his nominee for the u.s. supreme court if democrats block his choice
"london (reuters) - british lawmakers have written to prime minister theresa may
"washington (reuters) - two lawmakers and six consumer advocacy groups on thursday sought to join a court case involving the u.s. consumer financial watchdog as worries that president donald trump will dismantle the agency reached a fever pitch. democratic senator sherrod brown of ohio and representative maxine waters of california petitioned a federal court to be allowed to intervene on behalf of the consumer financial protection bureau in its appeal of a decision that its structure is unconstitutional. meanwhile
"philadelphia (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence told republican lawmakers on thursday that president donald trump would keep his promise to nominate a “strict constructionist” to the supreme court. trump has said he will announce his nomination to the top u.s. court next week. “strict construction” is a manner of interpreting the u.s. constitution using a literal and narrow definition of language in the document without regard to changes that have occurred in american society since the 18th century document was written. pence told lawmakers he hoped they would move quickly to confirm the supreme court nominee once a name is released. “president trump has been reviewing that list” of potential nominees
 puts stamp on u.s. immigration
 twitter feeds for u.s. government scientists go rogue"
"washington (reuters) - a debate is under way in the trump administration about whether the united states should declare the muslim brotherhood a terrorist organization and subject it to u.s. sanctions
"washington (reuters) - a top u.s. lawmaker accused the food and drug administration on friday of failing to hand over documents that would show whether its criminal office is fulfilling the critical mission of protecting public health. “the fda’s long-overdue response leaves key questions unanswered about the performance and effectiveness of the fda’s office of criminal investigations
"washington (reuters) - a leading congressional republican on tax policy said on thursday that he does not believe president donald trump is suggesting that revenues to pay for a border wall would come from a tax imposed solely on imports from mexico. “i don’t think they were singling out one country
 damascus silent"
"washington (reuters) - the environmental protection agency has told several lawmakers it aims to end late on friday a freeze on grants and contracts that had been ordered by the white house
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration has accepted the resignations of two top state department officials effective on friday
 jurists join rebuke of trump torture remarks
"guadalupe
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump wants a new 20 percent tax on all imports from mexico to pay for a wall on the southern u.s. border
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has appointed republican members of two federal labor agencies to serve as their acting chairs
" (editors note: attention to language that may be offensive to some readers in paragraph two) by laila kearney (reuters) - a fox-affiliated philadelphia morning show host has been suspended after using a word considered offensive on live television to describe the trump administration’s kellyanne conway
"washington (reuters) - u.s. border patrol chief mark morgan has been asked to step down as the agency moves toward tougher enforcement of immigration laws under the trump administration
"philadelphia (reuters) - president donald trump told republican lawmakers on thursday he would work against illegal voting
"philadelphia (reuters) - president donald trump said on thursday that his now-scrapped meeting with mexican president enrique pena nieto would have been “fruitless” if mexico will not agree to treat america “with respect.” “the president of mexico and myself have agreed to cancel our planned meeting for next week
"philadelphia (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on thursday he would strike numerous bilateral trade deals
 lawmakers warn trump"
"philadelphia (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that it would look for an opportunity to reschedule president donald trump’s meeting with mexico’s president after enrique pena nieto canceled a visit next week. “we will look for a date to schedule something in the future. we will keep the lines of communication open
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on thursday that the outgoing administration in coordination with the incoming one had requested “all politically appointed officers submit letters of resignation” as is standard practice. “of the officers whose resignations were accepted
"aboard air force one (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is considering several more executive orders concerning national security that could be issued as early as friday but has not yet made decisions on their scope or sequencing
"mexico city (reuters) - a possible cancellation of a meeting planned next week between mexican president enrique pena nieto and his u.s. counterpart donald trump would fuel uncertainty
"philadelphia (reuters) - u.s. republican leaders on wednesday laid out plans for repealing obamacare by spring
"(reuters) - president donald trump on thursday named cheryl lafleur as the acting chairman of the federal energy regulatory commission (ferc)
 draws trump's ire"
"london (reuters) - the seven-year-old syrian girl who gained a global following last year with her twitter updates from aleppo has written an open letter to u.s. president donald trump asking him to help other children her war-torn country. bana alabed drew some 363
 'for now'"
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican economy minister ildefonso guajardo said on thursday his talks in washington d.c. with a key trade adviser to u.s. president donald trump over the future of bilateral commerce had shown the u.s. side was receptive to mexico’s point of view. guajardo told mexican television he had held long talks with trump trade adviser peter navarro on wednesday on how the two countries should seek to modernize the nafta trade agreement sensibly
 democrats and republicans switch sides on states' rights"
" london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may will meet new u.s. president donald trump in washington on friday seeking to reinvigorate what london views as the two countries’ “special relationship”.  may
"washington (reuters) - the confirmation process for republican president donald trump’s choice to chair the u.s. securities and exchange commission appears to be moving forward without any hiccups. jay clayton
mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto said on wednesday night that he “regrets and disapproves” the push by u.s. president donald trump to build a new wall along the u.s.-mexico border. the new american leader issued an executive order earlier in the day aiming to speed the construction of the wall. pena nieto did not say whether or not he will attend a summit with trump in washington that the white house said would take place on tuesday. 
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he “will absolutely do safe zones in syria” for refugees fleeing violence in the war-torn country. saying europe had made a tremendous mistake by admitting millions of refugees from syria and other middle eastern trouble spots
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he “will absolutely do safe zones in syria” to protect people fleeing violence there. “i’ll absolutely do safe zones in syria for the people
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday nominated philip bilden
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said that illegal immigrants brought to the united states as children
"mexico city (reuters) - a mexican official widened a tax evasion complaint against u.s. president donald trump on wednesday
 refugees"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s plans to investigate the possibility of voter fraud in the 2016 election could pave the way for tough voting rules including stringent id requirements that democrats and rights groups say would amount to a new assault on voting rights. trump’s frequent and repeatedly refuted assertions of election fraud were a tacit endorsement of recent republican-led state restrictions on access to the ballot
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump may order a review that could lead to bringing back a cia program for holding terrorism suspects in secret overseas “black site” prisons where interrogation techniques often condemned as torture were used
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on wednesday he would seek an investigation into what he believes was voter fraud in last  november’s election
 voter fraud
"(reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said on wednesday an investigation is the right thing to do to determine the facts after president donald trump said he would seek an investigation into what he believes was voter fraud in the november election. “i’m sure there is some fraud
"new york/washington (reuters) - u.s. health insurers are making their case to republican lawmakers over how americans sign up for individual insurance and pushing for other changes to shape the replacement of former president barack obama’s national healthcare law.  the health insurers
"(reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on wednesday the trump administration did not write a document ordering a review that could bring back cia the “black site” prison program. “my understanding is this was written by somebody who worked on the transition before who’s not in the trump administration. this is not a product of the administration
"washington/philadelphia (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on wednesday he will make his choice to fill the vacancy on the u.s. supreme court on feb. 2 as he seeks to restore the conservative majority on the high court
"(reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on wednesday the house would fund a wall president donald trump wants to build along the u.s.-mexico border. “we’re going to pay for it and front the money up
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump vowed on tuesday to bring federal intervention to bear in chicago to quell the “carnage” of gun violence plaguing america’s third-largest city unless local officials can curb the murder rate on their own. trump appeared to be seizing on a story published by the chicago tribune on monday reporting at least 228 people shot in the city so far this year
"washington/chicago (reuters) - president donald trump’s vow to “send in the feds” if chicago is unable to cut shootings and killings is a pledge to provide law enforcement or other federal assistance so that the city’s citizens will feel safe
"washington (reuters) - commissioner maureen ohlhausen
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration is preparing executive orders that would clear the way to drastically reduce the u.s. role in the united nations and other international organizations
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the house of representatives intelligence committee called on the trump administration on wednesday to provide them with what they expect will be thousands of documents related to the investigation of russian efforts to influence the 2016 election. the request may be an effort to avoid a repeat of an unusual document access arrangement made between the senate intelligence committee and cia to review information related to enhanced interrogation techniques at secret overseas “black site” prisons during the george w. bush administration. under that arrangement
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted almost unanimously on tuesday to confirm south carolina governor nikki haley as ambassador to the united nations
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said he expects construction of a u.s.-mexico border wall to start within months and that planning is already underway
"washington (reuters) - the white house denied on wednesday that the new trump administration ordered a curb on the flow of information from several government agencies involved in environmental issues.  “they have not been directed by us to do anything
"washington (reuters) - a draft order calling for a review of whether a defunct cia program to interrogate terrorist suspects in secret overseas “black site” prisons should be revived is not a white house document
 immigration enforcement"
 environment
" washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration has instructed the environmental protection agency to remove the climate change page from its website
 torture"
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said on wednesday any trade deal agreed with the united states would put british interests and values first. speaking in parliament
"berlin (reuters) - u.s. secretary of defense james mattis and homeland security chief john kelly will attend the munich security conference in february
" washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is expected to sign executive orders starting on wednesday that include a temporary ban on most refugees and a suspension of visas for citizens of syria and six other middle eastern and african countries
"beijing (reuters) - china wants dialogue with the new u.s. administration to manage disputes and promote bilateral relations
 south korea next week"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump invited indian prime minister narendra modi to visit the united states later this year
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump signed orders on tuesday smoothing the path for the controversial keystone xl and dakota access oil pipelines in a move to expand energy infrastructure and roll back key obama administration environmental actions.  oil producers in canada and north dakota are expected to benefit from a quicker route for crude oil to u.s. gulf coast refiners. but going ahead with the pipelines would mark a bitter defeat for native american tribes and climate activists
"cannon ball
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump met with auto executives on tuesday and gave the energy industry a boost with action on pipelines. highlights of the day follow: trump signs orders smoothing the path for the controversial keystone xl and dakota access oil pipelines
"washington/chicago (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration has moved since he took office last week to curb the flow of information from several government agencies involved in environmental issues
 white house says trump stands by voter fraud belief"
"(reuters) - legal advocacy groups seeking to challenge president donald trump in court over alleged conflicts of interest said filing lawsuits is part of a larger strategy to highlight their concerns and put political pressure on the white house. in a lawsuit on monday
 mexico ready to discuss nafta rules in u.s. talks"
 democrats bicker over infrastructure plans"
"washington (reuters) - the white house on saturday accused the media of framing photographs to understate the crowd that attended donald trump’s inauguration
"chicago (reuters) - the u.s. department of agriculture said on tuesday that an internal email sent to staff at its agricultural research service unit this week calling for a suspension of “public-facing documents
 u.s. agencies delay rules affecting farm towns"
 pushes for new american plants"
 to name conservative next week"
" (this january 23 story corrects time of 2009 photo to sometime between 12:07 p.m. and 12:26 p.m. from 1:27 p.m.
"washington (reuters) - senator chuck schumer
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state-designate rex tillerson visited the state department on tuesday for briefings
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee to run the u.s. department of health and human services told a u.s. panel on tuesday that he wants to ensure people with pre-existing conditions have access to health insurance
"(reuters) - president donald trump’s nominee to run the u.s. department of health and human services told a congressional panel on tuesday that he does not support the privatization of medicare and defended his ethics record. speaking before the senate committee on finance
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer said he told president donald trump in a white house meeting on tuesday that senate democrats would fight any supreme court nominee “that was outside of the mainstream.” trump said on tuesday he would announce his supreme court pick next week. the lifetime appointment as a supreme court justice requires senate confirmation. “as i’ve said many times
 calls for civility"
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump signed an executive order on tuesday to move forward with construction of the keystone xl oil pipeline
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump signed an executive order on tuesday allowing the dakota access pipeline to go forward
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said he would meet with president donald trump later on tuesday to discuss trump’s supreme court pick
" (this january 23 story corrects to amend chief of staff’s name to jaime tincher in paragraphs six and seven) (reuters) - minnesota governor mark dayton collapsed on monday while delivering his state-of-the-state address to legislators in st. paul
 infrastructure"
"san francisco (reuters) - parties in a four-year-old legal challenge to california’s emissions trading program will head to court in sacramento on tuesday with a business group arguing the billions the program collected amounts to an “illegal tax” on businesses.  california’s cap-and-trade program sets an overall limit on greenhouse gas emissions (ghgs) and either hands out or sells a declining number of state-issued permits
"washington (reuters) - a leading republican lawmaker warned on tuesday that congress will not be able to lower the u.s. corporate tax rate to the 15 to 20 percent range sought by president donald trump unless a controversial “border adjustment” proposal remains part of tax reform. the proposal
"(reuters) - the standing rock sioux tribe in a statement on tuesday said it opposed u.s. president donald trump’s executive order that would allow the dakota access pipeline to move forward.  the tribe
"washington (reuters) -  u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on tuesday he has invited president donald trump to address a joint session of congress on feb. 28. “this will be an opportunity for the people and their representatives to hear directly from our new president about his vision in our shared agenda
"washington (reuters) - ben carson
 chao nominations on voice vote"
"new york (reuters) - an equally divided federal appeals court refused to reconsider its landmark decision forbidding the u.s. government from forcing microsoft corp and other companies to turn over customer emails stored on servers outside the united states. tuesday’s 4-4 vote by the 2nd u.s. circuit court of appeals in manhattan let stand a july 14 decision that was seen as a victory for privacy advocates
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump intends to keep fbi director james comey in his post
"sacramento
 asian nations try to save tpp trade deal"
 loosening asia ties"
"berlin (reuters) - germany would take advantage of any trade opportunities in asia and south america left by a protectionist united states
"new york (thomson reuters foundation) - u.s. president donald trump on monday reinstated a global gag rule that bans u.s.-funded groups around the world from discussing abortion
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s choice for secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - the senate energy committee said late monday it had delayed “until further notice” a meeting on tuesday in which the panel had been slated to vote on president donald trump’s nominee for secretary of the interior
"(reuters) - u.s. president donald trump addressed business and trade issues on monday. highlights of the day follow: trump formally withdraws the united states from the trans-pacific partnership trade deal
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate confirmed representative mike pompeo as president donald trump’s cia director on monday
"washington (reuters) - two republican senators said on monday that u.s. states should be allowed to stay in the obamacare medical insurance program if they like
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump’s administration has drawn heavily from the energy industry lobby and pro-drilling think tanks to build its landing team for the environmental protection agency
"tokyo (reuters) - finance minister taro aso said on tuesday that japan would seek the united states’ understanding of the strategic and economic benefits of joining the trans-pacific partnership
"tokyo (reuters) - japan will continue to stress the strategic and economic importance of the trans-pacific partnership trade deal to the united states
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump’s press secretary promised reporters on monday that he would never lie after a weekend briefing in which he made statements about the crowd size for trump’s inauguration that were debunked. in comments to reporters on saturday that became known as the “alternative facts” briefing
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. senate’s armed services committee
"sacramento
"santiago (reuters) - chile will continue to pursue trade deals even though the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) is off the table after u.s. president donald trump withdrew the united states from the pact
"washington (reuters) - dialing back the volcker rule that limits banks’ ability to engage in speculative investments is a top priority for president donald trump’s nominee for u.s. treasury secretary
 highlighting importance of alliance"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on monday tapped republican commissioner ajit pai to head the u.s. federal communications commission
 russian envoy"
"calgary
 sheet metal unions"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump met with key business leaders on monday and signed an executive order withdrawing the united states from the trans-pacific partnership trade deal
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on monday told reporters that he would renegotiate the north american free trade agreement “at the appropriate time.” trump’s remarks came at the start of a meeting at the white house with union leaders
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may will stress the value of free trade and her support for the iran nuclear deal when she meets u.s. president donald trump later this week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will discuss ways to expand trade with britain when british prime minister theresa may meets with him at the white house on friday
"washington (reuters) - democratic state officials took a step on monday to try to defend the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau in a court battle that could defang it
"(reuters) - a group including former white house ethics attorneys will file a lawsuit on monday accusing president donald trump of allowing his businesses to accept payments from foreign governments
"new york (reuters) - president donald trump on monday dismissed allegations in a new lawsuit by prominent constitutional and ethics lawyers that he is violating the u.s. constitution by letting his hotels and other businesses accept payments from foreign governments. trump told reporters at the white house that the lawsuit filed earlier in the day by citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington was “without merit.” the nonprofit watchdog said trump is “submerged in conflicts of interest” from his ties to countries such as china
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump will announce a nominee in the next couple of weeks to fill a vacancy on the u.s. supreme court
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has resigned from the trump organization and his sons don jr. and eric are in charge of the business
"washington (reuters) - white house spokesman sean spicer on monday defended his statement that president donald trump’s inauguration was the most-watched ever
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on monday it planned later this week to establish four “skype seats” for its regular media briefings to allow news organizations outside of washington to participate. “we’re excited to open up into ... the fold here a diverse group of journalists from around the country who may not have the convenience or funding to travel to washington
"harrisburg
" (this january 13th story deletes reference to interfax being state-run in paragraph 22) by jonathan landay and arshad mohammed washington (reuters) - michael flynn
 regulations and trade with trump: liveris"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator marco rubio reluctantly backed president donald trump’s nominee for secretary of state
 gulf arabs expect trump to counter iran"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday declined to hear an appeal by texas seeking to revive the state’s strict republican-backed voter-identification requirements that a lower court found had a discriminatory effect on black and hispanic people. the justices let stand a july 2016 decision by a lower court that found that the 2011 texas statute ran afoul of a federal law that bars racial discrimination in elections and directed a lower court to find a way to fix the law’s discriminatory effects against minorities. there were no noted dissents from the high court’s decision not to hear the case from any of the eight justices
washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump told reporters on monday that a lawsuit accusing him of violating the u.s. constitution by allowing his hotels and other businesses to accept payments from foreign governments was “without merit.” his remarks to reporters in the oval office coincided with a letter by democratic lawmakers asking the u.s. general services administration what it was doing about trump’s hotel lease for the old post office building. they said the lease states that no elected official of the federal government can share in the agreement or benefit from it. 
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump signed an executive order formally withdrawing the united states from the 12-nation trans-pacific partnership trade deal on monday
"beijing (reuters) - the new u.s. administration must fully understand the importance of the “one china” policy and appreciate that the issue of taiwan is highly sensitive for the beijing government
 under criticism
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator marco rubio on monday said he will vote to back president donald trump’s nominee for secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will nominate former u.s. representative heather wilson to become air force secretary
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump was scheduled to speak with egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi on monday
"(reuters) - an order by president donald trump that could scale back enforcement of some obamacare provisions is unlikely to sink health insurance stocks
"calgary
 pull out of tpp: nbc"
 pm orban says"
"washington (reuters) - the white house vowed on sunday to fight the news media “tooth and nail” over what it sees as unfair attacks
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on monday it expected to soon agree a date for the first phone call between president vladimir putin and u.s. president donald trump
"moscow (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump and russian president vladimir putin see eye to eye when it comes to many foreign policy goals
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe said on monday he believed  u.s. president donald trump understood the value of free trade and that he would keep pitching a multinational trade pact that trump’s administration has vowed to exit. “i believe president trump understands the importance of free and fair trade
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration may no longer enforce a rule requiring individual americans to carry health insurance or pay a penalty if they do not
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump invited israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to visit washington in early february during a phone call in which they discussed the importance of strengthening the u.s.-israeli relationship
 graham to support tillerson nomination"
"berlin (reuters) - germany must brace itself for turbulent times under u.s. president donald trump
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said on sunday he would later in the day hold his first conversation with donald trump since his inauguration as u.s. president. the white house later said the conversation would take place at 13:30 et.  “a telephone conversation will be held this evening between president trump and me. many matters face us
 israel's netanyahu to speak at 1:30 pm et: white house"
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may promised on sunday to challenge any “unacceptable” talk when she meets president donald trump later this week
 trump vows support to cia"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is ordering federal agencies to undermine obamacare through regulatory action
"langley
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump can hire his son-in-law
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate confirmed the first two members of president donald trump’s cabinet on friday
 but he still sees himself as leading an insurgency"
"washington (reuters) - black-clad activists among hundreds of demonstrators protesting donald trump’s swearing-in on friday clashed with police a few blocks from the white house
 in oval office
 now president
"washington (reuters) - the new u.s. administration of president donald trump said on friday its trade strategy to protect american jobs would start with withdrawal from the 12-nation trans-pacific partnership (tpp) trade pact. a white house statement issued soon after trump’s inauguration said the united states would also “crack down on those nations that violate trade agreements and harm american workers in the process.” the statement said trump was committed to renegotiating another trade deal
 be guided by ethical values"
"washington (reuters) - the trump administration condemned what it called the “anti-police atmosphere” in america and called for more law enforcement and more effective policing in a statement on the white house website after president donald trump’s inauguration. “the dangerous anti-police atmosphere in america is wrong. the trump administration will end it
 declares day of patriotism: spokesman"
"berlin (reuters) - germany will need a new economic strategy geared toward asia should the new u.s. administration start a trade war with china
"(reuters) - donald trump’s inauguration as u.s. president on friday was greeted with notes of caution by some foreign leaders. here is some of the reaction: mexican president enrique pena nieto congratulated trump on his inauguration
 origin of red trump hats shocks many"
"washington (reuters) - the pomp and circumstance were like any big washington celebration: a regal backdrop
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted overwhelmingly to approve retired marine general john kelly as secretary of homeland security on friday
"(reuters) - puerto rico governor ricardo rossello on friday criticized a set of recommendations by the federal board in charge of managing the u.s. territory’s finances
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s administration is committed to eliminating barack obama’s climate action plan and other environmental initiatives to help boost the oil and gas industry
 environment
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will name ajit pai
' 95 arrested: police chief"
"london (reuters) - a banner reading “build bridges not walls” was draped across london’s tower bridge as part of several protests in europe and asia on friday against the inauguration of donald trump as u.s. president.  soon after sunrise
"mexico city (reuters) - irrespective of whether mexico’s decision to extradite drug kingpin joaquin “chapo” guzman aimed to honor outgoing u.s. president barack obama or appease his successor
"washington (reuters) - a violent protest that erupted in washington on u.s. president donald trump’s inauguration day is a small
"washington (reuters) - more than 90 people have been arrested so far in protests in the nation’s capital during demonstrations across the city as u.s. president donald trump was sworn into office
"austin
"london (reuters) - under the gaze of a life-sized cardboard figure of donald trump
"washington (reuters) - washington police made “numerous” arrests on friday after violent protests during donald trump’s inauguration
"berlin (reuters) - the united states must stick to international agreements under the presidency of donald trump
 philippines"
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin may have spent years reviling america
 trumpsters party in the 'swamp' of washington"
" washington (reuters) - donald trump is preparing to sign executive actions on his first day in the white house on friday to take the opening steps to crack down on immigration
"(reuters) - with his left hand on a bible used by abraham lincoln
"(reuters) - republican president-elect donald trump is expected to take executive action shortly after being sworn into office on friday to advance key priorities and reverse some policies of outgoing democratic president barack obama. some of trump’s first executive orders will likely undo some of the more than 275 orders signed by obama during his eight years in the white house. here is a look at some of the actions trump may take. trump’s advisors have recommended he take several steps to limit immigration into the united states within his first days in office
 washington d.c.
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary nominee steven mnuchin said on thursday he would work to eliminate the need for offshore tax havens
 new yorkers march"
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe
"washington (reuters) - rob cortis calls it the “trump unity bridge” - a bulky
 officials say"
 former treasury official
"washington (reuters) - the american civil liberties union filed a legal request with several government agencies on thursday demanding details on donald trump’s potential conflicts of interest related to the extensive business affairs of the incoming u.s. president and his family. the request
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama commuted the prison sentences of 330 federal inmates
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican governors on thursday urged washington lawmakers to keep funding health benefits for millions of low-income americans
"washington (reuters) - donald trump will not wait for congress to confirm his cabinet  positions to act on his vows to withdraw from the 12-country trans-pacific partnership (tpp) trade deal and renegotiate the north american free trade agreement (nafta)
"washington (reuters) - the senate is due to vote on friday on two retired marine generals who are president-elect donald trump’s choices as secretary of defense and secretary of homeland security
"washington (reuters) - the united states sent four detainees from the guantanamo bay military prison to the united arab emirates and saudi arabia on thursday
"cannon ball
 mike pence faces potential obstacle - his boss"
 mexican officials to meet in washington next week"
"washington (reuters) - donald trump plans to visit cia headquarters on saturday on his first full day as u.s. president
"washington (reuters) - rick perry
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump officially announced sonny perdue as his choice for secretary of agriculture on thursday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. treasury would recommend china be considered a currency manipulator if beijing began unfairly managing the yuan’s value
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel’s right wing has been eagerly awaiting donald trump’s arrival in the white house
"washington (reuters) - u.s. under secretary of state for political affairs tom shannon met with u.s. president-elect donald trump’s secretary of state nominee rex tillerson on thursday
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump said on thursday that national football league team owner woody johnson was “going to st. james
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary nominee steven mnuchin said on thursday it was important to maintain a strong dollar in the long term
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. treasury will enforce all sanctions against russia unless a deal were reached between washington and moscow
 including at pentagon
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump formally named former georgia governor sonny perdue as his nominee for secretary of agriculture on thursday
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s spokesman said on thursday there will be an announcement on whether the united states will move its embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem. “stay tuned
"washington (reuters) - a spokesman for president-elect donald trump accused democratic senate leader chuck schumer on thursday of “stalling tactics” for slowing confirmation of the incoming republican president’s cabinet picks. schumer should recognize that “this is more about continuity of government and ensuring that these qualified individuals get voted on as soon as possible so that we can lead this country forward
"washington (reuters) - kevin hassett
"washington (reuters) - he is ready for some quiet time
 lockheed near deal on $9 billion f-35 contract - sources"
"washington (reuters) - billionaire investor wilbur ross
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump will name former georgia governor sonny perdue as his nominee for secretary of agriculture on thursday
"wellington (reuters) - new zealand accounting software firm xero ltd said on thursday that its chairman
"new york (reuters) - donald trump’s indonesian business partner dismissed concerns by ethics officials that the u.s. president-elect’s companies’ overseas business deals might be vulnerable to conflicts of interest in an interview on wednesday. hary tanoesoedibjo
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump will name former georgia governor sonny perdue as his nominee for secretary of agriculture on thursday
"berlin (reuters) - international observers documented a range of concerns during november’s u.s. elections
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama urged president-elect donald trump on wednesday to keep separate the issue of economic sanctions on russia from the pursuit of talks to reduce nuclear stockpiles. trump
"washington (reuters) - leaders of an ad hoc group of protesters enraged by republican donald trump’s election as president of the united states vowed on wednesday to disrupt his inauguration this week by blocking public access to the event. the disruptj20 protest group said it will send groups of demonstrators to the dozen entrances to the grassy national mall where hundreds of thousands of people are expected to gather to watch trump
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama suggested on wednesday that moving the  u.s. embassy to jerusalem could have “explosive” results and said he was worried that the prospects for a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict were waning. u.s. president-elect donald trump has promised to re-locate the embassy to jerusalem
"washington (reuters) - borrowers who say onewest bank refused to help them when they struggled to pay their mortgages appeared wednesday on capitol hill
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s choice for treasury secretary
 defends oil industry funding"
 says americans won't lose insurance"
"washington (reuters) - a top republican in congress on wednesday defended his border-adjustable tax provision against criticism from president-elect donald trump
"united nations (reuters) - the united nations security council needs to push iran to abide by an arms embargo
"new york (reuters) - if hillary clinton decided to run as an independent for new york city mayor this year
"new york (reuters) - puerto rico’s federal oversight board said on wednesday it was willing to extend key deadlines that would give the debt-laden u.s. territory’s government more time to negotiate restructuring deals with holders of its roughly $70 billion in bonds.  in a letter to governor ricardo rossello
 uncertainty"
" washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump plans to select the media representatives who are given access to the presidential press briefing room
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s pick for u.n. ambassador echoed his condemnation of the world body and pledged to push for reforms at her confirmation hearing on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on wednesday that former military intelligence analyst chelsea manning had served a tough prison term and his decision to commute her 35-year sentence to about seven years served would not signal leniency toward leakers of u.s. government secrets. obama told his final news conference as president that he felt it made sense to commute manning’s sentence because she went to trial
"washington (reuters) - oklahoma attorney general scott pruitt
"washington (reuters) - supreme court justices walked a tightrope on wednesday over government approval of offensive trademarks
 dry-foot' policy obsolete"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate armed services committee voted overwhelmingly on wednesday to recommend president-elect donald trump’s pick for secretary of defense
"(reuters) - former u.s. president george h.w. bush has been moved to an intensive-care unit at a houston hospital with pneumonia and was stable and resting comfortably after doctors performed a procedure to clear his airway
"(reuters) - former u.s. president george h.w. bush has been moved to an intensive-care unit at a houston hospital with pneumonia and was resting comfortably after doctors performed a procedure to clear his airway
 but open to tweaks"
"washington (reuters) - it would be better for the united states to carefully review the 2015 iran nuclear deal rather than unilaterally withdraw from it
"(reuters) - donald trump’s spokesman said his team will brief the media on thursday in washington
"havana (reuters) - the obama administration and cuba continue to sign cooperation agreements this week
 tax deductions with trump"
 others who meddle in elections: trump u.n. pick"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump may take four or five executive actions on friday
 trump nominee for envoy to u.n. says"
 trump; we don't back ohio secession: juncker"
"new delhi (reuters) - just as british ministers were hoping to win eu leaders’ support for their newly revealed brexit plan
" (corrects in 6th paragraph to clarify rules) by lisa lambert washington (reuters) - democrats sliced holes in billionaire betsy devos’ credentials to be the next u.s. education secretary at a confirmation hearing on tuesday
"berlin (reuters) - germany wants to reach out to the future u.s. administration under president-elect donald trump to safeguard essential trans-atlantic relations
"(reuters) - the top risk to u.s. growth would come if u.s. president-elect donald trump keeps his protectionist promises
"washington (reuters) - senate democrats are gearing up for a potentially ugly fight over donald trump’s u.s. supreme court pick
"beijing/taipei (reuters) - the united states should not allow a delegation from taiwan to attend u.s. president-elect donald trump’s inauguration
 investment team to stay put"
"washington (reuters) - representative ryan zinke of montana
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s choice to run the department of health and human services may have broken the law by making a stock purchase just before he introduced legislation that would have benefited the firm
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s nominee for u.s. commerce secretary
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump quipped on tuesday that his secretary of state choice
 sec's white calls for regulator to avoid political meddling"
"austin
"new york (reuters) - dozens of protesters gathered outside of goldman sachs group inc headquarters on tuesday to rally against president-elect donald trump’s picking several former executives of the wall street bank for top jobs in his administration. some of the 50 or so protesters wore swamp-monster masks in reference to trump’s pledge to “drain the swamp” that he said washington has become and get rid of special interests. about 20 of them brought sleeping bags
 health chiefs"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will hold his final press conference as president on wednesday
"brussels/berlin (reuters) - germany’s foreign minister said on monday that u.s. president-elect donald trump’s comments that nato was obsolete had aroused concern across the 28-member alliance. frank-walter steinmeier
 trump's commerce pick
"washington (reuters) - wilbur ross
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump extended his war of words with african-american civil rights leader john lewis on tuesday
 trump inauguration shaping up as low-key"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s nominee to be u.s. ambassador to the united nations will blast the world body over its treatment of israel at her senate confirmation hearing
"new york (reuters) - about a quarter of u.s. republicans do not want to see obamacare repealed
"washington (reuters) - nine democratic senators asked president-elect donald trump’s nominee to be u.s. attorney general
"washington (reuters) - one of the most powerful democrats in the u.s. congress on tuesday pressed president-elect donald trump to keep the consumer financial watchdog agency’s current director
"washington (reuters) - the united states has made a $500 million grant to the green climate fund
"washington (reuters) - the white house on tuesday declined to rule out the possibility of additional prisoners being transferred from the u.s. naval facility at guantanamo bay
"(reuters) - boeing co’s chief executive said on tuesday that he and president-elect donald trump “made progress” on lowering the cost of the air force one presidential aircraft fleet and on a potential sale of boeing fighter aircraft
 others"
"washington (reuters) - boeing co chief executive dennis muilenburg said he had a “very productive” meeting with president-elect donald trump on tuesday and was encouraged by progress in talks on the air force one replacement fleet and on fighter planes. “we discussed air force one
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on tuesday he doubted u.s. president-elect donald trump had met with prostitutes in a moscow hotel room several years ago
"(reuters) - the new york times co will increase spending on coverage of u.s. president-elect donald trump’s administration while cutting its overall budget this year
"havana (reuters) - u.s. organizations that have worked closely with the outgoing obama administration to improve relations with cuba on tuesday released a four-page letter to president-elect donald trump urging him not to act rashly toward the communist-run nation. the cuban study group
"vienna (reuters) - the head of austria’s far-right freedom party
"madrid (reuters) - a topless activist from the feminist group femen attacked a life-size wax statue of u.s. president-elect donald trump during an unveiling ceremony at madrid’s wax museum on tuesday. reuters journalists at the scene saw the woman push past security ropes and place her hand on the statue’s crotch while screaming “grab patriarchy by the balls.” museum staff spent several minutes trying to restrain the woman before eventually bundling her out through a back door. the activist group claimed responsibility for the protest on twitter
"frankfurt/berlin (reuters) - u.s president-elect donald trump warned german car companies he would impose a border tax of 35 percent on vehicles imported to the u.s. market
 merkel ally says"
 americans want strong environmental regulator - reuters/ipsos"
 says french minister"
"washington (reuters) - monica crowley
"washington (reuters) - when billionaire investor wilbur ross salvaged two north carolina textile mills from bankruptcy in 2003 and 2004
 responding to trump
"atlanta/new york (reuters) - martin luther king’s daughter said on monday that “god can triumph over trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump aims to replace obamacare with a plan that would envisage “insurance for everybody
"kiev (reuters) - outgoing u.s. vice president joe biden called on monday for sanctions on russia to stay
"london (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry said on monday it was “inappropriate” for donald trump to brand german chancellor angela merkel’s refugee policy “a catastrophic mistake”. “i thought frankly it was inappropriate for a president-elect of the united states to be stepping into the politics of other countries in a quite direct manner
"london (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said nato was obsolete because it had not defended against terror attacks
 nato nations concerned by trump's nato remarks"
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump warned german car companies he would impose a border tax of 35 percent on vehicles imported to the u.s. market from mexico
"berlin (reuters) - chancellor angela merkel is working to set a date this spring for a meeting with donald trump
"berlin (reuters) - german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble has issued a warning to u.s. president-elect donald trump over the dangers of protectionist trade policies
"munich (reuters) - bmw (bmwg.de) will stick to plans to open a mexican plant in 2019 despite warnings by u.s. president-elect donald trump to slap a border tax on the german brand’s vehicles made in mexico and destined for the united states
"london (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump will propose offering to end sanctions imposed on russia over its annexation of crimea in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with moscow
"moscow (reuters) - russia is ready to resume cooperation with the united states on security issues such as the fight against terrorism and cyber crime
"berlin (reuters) - germany still regards the ttip eu-u.s. free-trade deal as an important project and believes it is in both european and u.s. interests to continue negotiations
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on monday it was too early to comment on a proposal by u.s. president-elect donald trump to do a deal with moscow on nuclear arms cuts in exchange for washington lifting sanctions imposed on moscow over the ukraine crisis. trump told the times of london in an interview published online on sunday that he would propose offering to end sanctions imposed on russia for its annexation of crimea in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with russian president vladimir putin. kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov
"moscow (reuters) - parliamentarians in russia gave a mixed reaction on monday to u.s. president-elect donald trump’s proposal to strike a deal on nuclear arms cuts in exchange for washington lifting sanctions imposed on moscow over the ukraine crisis. konstantin kosachev
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s team could move the white house press briefing room from the west wing to another location that accommodates more media from around the country and the world
 wants quick trade deal with uk"
 be careful on russia"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama played down fallout from a u.s. abstention on a united nations resolution last month demanding an end to israeli settlements in occupied territory
"davos
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s vice president and top aides on sunday joined the u.s. president-elect in criticizing an historic civil rights activist and lawmaker for questioning the legitimacy of his election win
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator rand paul said on sunday that the obamacare replacement bill he plans to unveil would get rid of some of the mandates for health insurance coverage with the aim of bringing down the cost of insurance. speaking on the cnn program “state of the union
"washington (reuters) - two top aides to president-elect donald trump denied a published report on saturday that he is planning to hold a summit with russian president vladimir putin weeks after taking office. the sunday times of london reported that trump had told british officials that such a summit was being planned
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump began a long holiday weekend that honors slain black civil rights leader martin luther king jr. by attacking another rights activist and politician who had said he does not see trump as a “legitimate president.” u.s. representative john lewis
"los angeles (reuters) - broadway star jennifer holliday said on saturday she was pulling out of a concert celebrating the inauguration of president-elect donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. civil rights activists vowed on saturday to defend hard-fought gains in voting rights and criminal justice during the presidency of donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house republicans on friday won passage of a measure starting the process of dismantling obamacare
"los angeles (reuters) - editors note: attention to language that may be offensive to some readers in paragraph 3 the national mall in washington could become a sea of bright pink the day after donald trump is inaugurated as u.s. president if the vision of a pair of los angeles women is realized.   for two months
"washington (reuters) - the incoming u.s. administration’s tough talk against china has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said in an interview with the wall street journal that he would keep intact sanctions against russia “at least for a period of time
 officials say"
"washington (reuters) - outgoing president barack obama will hold his final news conference as u.s. leader on the afternoon of wednesday
"havana (reuters) - the head of the u.s. chamber of commerce met with cuban president raul castro and in separate meetings with members of castro’s economic cabinet on friday
"new york (reuters) - rex tillerson
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump plans to nominate rod rosenstein
"washington (reuters) - the leaders of the senate intelligence committee said the panel will investigate allegations russia used cyber attacks to influence the u.s. presidential election
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s national security adviser michael flynn spoke on the phone to the russian ambassador to washington on dec. 29
"washington (reuters) - urged on by u.s. president-elect donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on friday cleared the way for quick confirmation of james mattis to serve as president-elect donald trump’s secretary of defense
 ethics office to u.s. employees: do not endorse products"
 more americans consider russia a threat: reuters/ipsos poll"
"washington (reuters) - a majority of the u.s. house of representatives on friday voted to advance legislation instructing committees to write legislation repealing president barack obama’s landmark healthcare law. the procedural vote of 235 to 188 clears the way for a vote later on friday to pass the measure to begin work on repealing obamacare that already has been approved by the senate. it strictly followed party lines
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico must be ready to respond immediately with its own tax measures if the incoming administration of president-elect donald trump imposes a border tax
"new york (reuters) - president-elect donald trump and housing secretary-designate ben carson spoke with entertainer and talk show host steve harvey on friday to discuss an effort by the incoming administration to seek positive changes in u.s. inner cities. “he said he wanted to do something
"washington (reuters) - the republican-led u.s. house of representatives on friday approved a measure making the first move toward scrapping obamacare
 now hundreds stranded"
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration on thursday repealed a measure granting automatic residency to virtually every cuban who arrived in the united states
"new york (reuters) - anthony scaramucci
"washington (reuters) - u.s. environmental protection agency chief gina mccarthy on friday finalized a determination that the landmark fuel efficiency rules instituted by president barack obama should be locked in through 2025
' will move quickly on bilateral trade deals"
 lockheed martin ceo to meet on friday: transition official"
"brussels (reuters) - barack obama’s envoy to brussels warned donald trump against the “lunacy” of backing an eu break-up
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said the person who wrote reports containing details of compromising material russia allegedly collected on u.s. president-elect donald trump has not worked for the british government for years.  “it is absolutely clear that the individual who produced this dossier has not worked for the uk government for years
"(reuters) - donald trump responded with derision on friday to news of an investigation into the fbi decision to make public an inquiry into hillary clinton’s emails days before the nov. 8 presidential election
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on friday accused his political opponents
"(reuters) - north dakota governor doug burgum
"ho chi minh city (reuters) - outgoing u.s. secretary of state john kerry said on friday he was confident the next administration would stick to the same peaceful principles on asian security as the current one
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives moved toward a friday vote to begin dismantling obamacare despite anxiety among some republicans they were rushing into a major step without knowing the budget consequences or having a firm idea of how they would replace the healthcare law. the republican-led congress
"london (reuters) - the chairman of a u.s. congressional committee investigating taxpayer funding of a world health organization cancer agency has asked u.s. health officials to release crucial documents. in a letter seen by reuters and sent on thursday to the head of the national institutes of health (nih)
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers will begin voiding dozens of new u.s. regulations at the end of the month to fulfill their promise to undo democratic president barack obama’s legacy
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama surprised vice president joe biden on thursday by awarding him the presidential medal of freedom with distinction in an emotional white house ceremony that celebrated their partnership over eight years in office. “this is an extraordinary man
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republicans promising to repeal and replace president barack obama’s landmark healthcare law are under “no hard deadlines” for producing an alternate program
"washington (reuters) - u.s. spy chief james clapper and president-elect donald trump gave different accounts of a phone conversation they had about a dossier of unverified
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department on thursday said it would probe a federal bureau of investigation decision to announce an inquiry into hillary clinton’s emails shortly before the november presidential election
"havana (reuters) - dozens of u.s. farm and agri-business groups on thursday urged president-elect donald trump to build upon progress made by the obama administration in relations with cuba
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on thursday passed a bill requiring the country’s top securities regulator to add up the costs of following new rules before putting them into force
"washington (reuters) - vice president-elect mike pence will be sworn into office on jan. 20 by u.s. supreme court justice clarence thomas
"new york (reuters) - french far-right presidential candidate marine le pen was seen at trump tower on thursday
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s pick to lead the pentagon put russia at the top of a list of threats to u.s. interests on thursday and told congress that america must be ready to confront moscow where necessary
 very' confident in u.s. intelligence agencies"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate armed services committee backed a waiver on thursday that will allow james mattis to serve as president-elect donald trump’s secretary of defense
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate overwhelmingly backed a waiver on thursday that will allow james mattis to serve as president-elect donald trump’s secretary of defense
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives armed services committee narrowly backed a waiver on thursday that would allow james mattis to serve as president-elect donald trump’s secretary of defense
"washington (reuters) - thousands of demonstrators are expected to turn out in washington next week for protests aiming to “shut down” the inauguration of donald trump as the next u.s. president
"los angeles/washington (reuters) - the union-backed “fight for $15” movement protested at carl’s jr and hardee’s restaurants on thursday in a bid to stop the chains’ head
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats on thursday pressed ben carson
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s nominee to head the cia sought on thursday to repair damage from the president-elect’s feud with u.s. intelligence agencies
 criticism of intelligence agencies"
 trump meet amid planned time warner merger"
"boston (reuters) - donald trump on thursday tweeted his support of maine catalog retailer l.l. bean after an activist group opposed to the u.s. president-elect called for a boycott of the company. the boycott call began online last week after reports that a member of the bean family that owns the company
"(reuters) - a new jersey judge plans to decide by friday whether to dismiss a citizen’s criminal complaint accusing governor chris christie of a role in the “bridgegate” lane-closure scandal. prosecutors in bergen county told judge bonnie mizdol on wednesday that the case should be tossed on procedural grounds because a different judge who permitted it to advance failed to give christie’s lawyers an opportunity to speak at an earlier hearing. a lawyer for christie also urged mizdol to throw out the complaint filed by bill brennan
 others"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump plans to meet with corporate executives who have faced cyber security challenges in a series of meetings arranged by former new york mayor rudy giuliani
"sydney (reuters) - australia’s poor treatment of refugees in offshore detention camps is “draconian” and is causing lasting damage to refugees and to australia’s reputation as a rights-respecting country
 but open to engagement"
 tech tycoons talk overhaul of h1b visas"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s nominee for secretary of state has set a course for a potentially serious confrontation with beijing
 farm advisers fret over empty usda spot"
"(reuters) - growing numbers of u.s. states are seeking to ensure that women have continued access to free birth control in case the insurance benefit is dropped as part of president-elect donald trump’s vow to repeal and replace the affordable care act. the 2010 law
 nyc's stringer could reshape boardrooms"
 disagrees with tillerson"
"new york (reuters) - president-elect donald trump escalated a fight with u.s. spy agencies on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. director of national intelligence james clapper said he spoke with president-elect donald trump on wednesday evening to discuss media leaks of a classified intelligence briefing on russian hacking that trump received last friday. clapper said in a statement that he does not believe the u.s. intelligence community leaked a private security document alleging russian intelligence operatives have compromising information on trump. “i emphasized that this document is not a u.s. intelligence community product and that i do not believe the leaks came from within the ic
 emotional address"
"new york (reuters) - president-elect donald trump on wednesday promised a “major border tax” on companies that shift jobs outside the united states
"new york (reuters) - in his first news conference since the nov. 8 election
"washington (reuters) - secretary of state nominee rex tillerson expressed views on wednesday at odds with president-elect donald trump’s positions on key foreign policy issues like nuclear proliferation
"washington (reuters) - republicans on wednesday passed a bill in the house of representatives that touched on nearly every step u.s. agencies take in creating and applying new rules
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate foreign relations committee chairman bob corker said on wednesday he expects the senate will confirm rex tillerson
' stocks slide"
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on wednesday announced he has chosen david shulkin
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s team has canceled an appearance before congress by his nominee for defense secretary
"new york (reuters) - the drama started early at donald trump’s first news conference as president-elect. trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state nominee rex tillerson said on wednesday that he does not agree with president-elect donald trump’s comments that it would not be a bad thing if other countries
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on wednesday he would maintain ownership of his global business empire but hand off control to his two oldest sons while president
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state nominee rex tillerson on wednesday called mexico a “long-standing” friend of the united states and said the united states would engage with its southern neighbor. “we’re going to engage with mexico because of their importance to us in this hemisphere
"(reuters) - cnn
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s nominee for treasury secretary
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s choice to run the u.s. transportation department
"washington (reuters) - the white house on wednesday said u.s. president-elect donald trump and his transition team have refused to make public information that would put to rest questions about his and his family’s possible financial entanglements in russia. “there’s ample evidence that they could marshal
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state nominee rex tillerson said on wednesday he would recommend a “full review” of the nuclear deal with iran
"washington (reuters) - white house spokesman josh earnest on wednesday would not comment on whether a u.s. intelligence report referred to unsubstantiated allegations that russia had compromising information on president-elect donald trump.  but earnest said the report
"(reuters) - the following are highlights from u.s. president-elect donald trump’s hour-long news conference in new york on wednesday
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump said on wednesday his team has met with numerous candidates to fill the longstanding u.s. supreme court vacancy and promised a decision on a nominee within about two weeks of taking office on jan. 20. trump
"washington (reuters) - the nato alliance’s mutual defense guarantee
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on wednesday he would not wait for negotiations with mexico to be completed before starting to build a wall along the two countries’ border. “i could wait about a year and a half until we finish our negotiations with mexico which will start immediately after we get into office
"washington (reuters) - the nominee to be u.s. president-elect donald trump’s secretary of state
 u.s. election meddling claims strip trump win of luster"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s nominee for u.s. secretary of state
" (the jan. 10 story corrects sasse’s state to nebraska in the seventh paragraph) by lisa lambert washington (reuters) - the debate over whether president-elect donald trump should fire the head of a u.s. consumer watchdog after taking office came to a boil on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - classified documents that the heads of four u.s. intelligence agencies presented last week to president-elect donald trump included claims that russian intelligence operatives have compromising information about him
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on wednesday it was “total nonsense” that russian officials had assembled a file of compromising information on u.s. president-elect donald trump. two u.s. officials said on tuesday evening that the heads of four u.s. intelligence agencies had last week presented trump with classified documents which included unverified claims that russian intelligence operatives had compromising information about him. addressing reporters on a conference call
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump and his incoming chief of staff on wednesday beat back reports that russian officials had assembled a file of compromising information on the republican businessman
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s secretary of state nominee
"boston (reuters) - donald trump once described jamie dimon as “the worst banker in the united states
"washington (reuters) - financial lobbyists on tuesday applauded a bill in the u.s. house of representatives that would require the securities and exchange commission to review the costs of rules before putting them into force
"washington (reuters) - russia hacked into republican state political campaigns and old email domains of the republican national committee but there is no evidence it successfully penetrated president-elect donald trump’s campaign
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s pick for attorney general
 other former top diplomats mark new diplomacy center"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on tuesday pressured fellow republicans working to repeal obamacare in congress to pass a replacement for the healthcare law at the same time or soon after they vote to dismantle it. trump told the new york times he wanted a substitute for president barack obama's 2010 healthcare law done ""very quickly or simultaneously"" to the vote to get rid of it. (nyti.ms/2ia9qlk) the law
"chicago (reuters) - vaccination skeptic robert f. kennedy jr. said he would chair a presidential panel to review vaccine safety and science at u.s. president-elect donald trump’s request
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate has postponed confirmation hearings for three nominees to serve in president-elect donald trump’s cabinet
"(reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie
"new york (reuters) - david mccormick has declined an offer to be u.s. deputy secretary of defense in president-elect donald trump’s administration
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary ash carter said on tuesday that the united states’ response so far to russia orchestrating hacks during the 2016 presidential campaign was just the start. “some responses have been made. i think you should regard that as a start and not the end
 ukraine
 technical collection: u.s. spy chief"
"washington (reuters) - russia has tried to influence elections in at least “a couple dozen” countries
 pressure builds on trump to soften pro-russia rhetoric"
' takes jab at trump tweets"
 quick replacement: nyt"
"(reuters) - roughly 11.5 million people signed up for individual health plan coverage under u.s. president barack obama’s affordable care act between nov. 1 and dec. 24
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico’s new foreign minister luis videgaray said on tuesday there is no way his country will pay for the wall that u.s. president-elect donald trump has pledged to build on the united states’ southern border to keep out illegal immigrants. “there’s no way that could happen
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s departing chief trade negotiator warned the trump administration on tuesday that it risked abdicating u.s. leadership in asia by scrapping obama’s 12-country pacific rim free trade deal. michael froman
 top republican says"
"moscow (reuters) - proposed senate legislation to impose sanctions on russia over allegations it tried to influence the u.s. presidential election are an attempt to prolong the harm already done to u.s.-russian ties
"tbilisi (reuters) - the trump organization pulled out of a $250-million real estate project in ex-soviet georgia to avoid a potential conflict with donald trump’s role as president
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s son-in-law
 trump team discuss border tax at capitol hill meeting"
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - democratic members of the u.s. congress called on monday for the creation of an independent commission to investigate russia’s attempts to intervene in the 2016 election
washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator john mccain and democratic senators ben cardin and robert menendez said on monday they would introduce legislation to impose “comprehensive” sanctions on russia over its attempts to influence the 2016 u.s. election. 
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat in the u.s. senate
"washington (reuters) - pro-marijuana activists planning to light thousands of joints at donald trump’s presidential inauguration in a call for national legalization of the drug fear a reversal of recent gains if his attorney general pick is confirmed in hearings beginning on tuesday. trump’s nominee
 u.s. senate majority leader
 says reviews incomplete"
' kerry says"
"ottawa (reuters) - senior canadian officials have met several times with advisers to u.s. president-elect donald trump in washington in an effort to avert a possible trade war once he takes office this month
 obamacare with trump"
 fiat chrysler for u.s. investments"
 end one china policy and china will take revenge"
"detroit (reuters) - fiat chrysler automobiles (fcha.mi) is ready to comply with the new rules on the auto industry the incoming administration of u.s. president-elect donald trump will introduce
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump accepts the u.s. intelligence community’s conclusion that russia engaged in cyber attacks during the u.s. presidential election and may take action in response
"moscow (reuters) - allegations that russia tried to influence the u.s. election in favour of donald trump amount to a witch-hunt
"beijing (reuters) - china firmly opposes taiwan’s leadership engaging with u.s. officials
 texas governor meet with taiwanese president in houston"
 mcconnell says"
 repealing obamacare at same time 'ideal': top trump aide"
 but rumors persist"
"london (reuters) - britain’s foreign minister boris johnson has arrived in the united states to meet close advisers to president-elect donald trump and senior congressional leaders to discuss ties between the countries. last june’s vote to leave the european union has left britain facing some of the most complicated negotiations since world war two
"washington (reuters) - two senior republican senators urged president-elect donald trump to punish russia in response to u.s. intelligence agencies’ conclusion that president vladimir putin personally directed efforts aimed at influencing the outcome of the november election.  in a joint appearance on nbc’s “meet the press” on sunday
"washington (reuters) - the top republican and democrat on the house of representatives intelligence committee on sunday cast doubt on whether russia can become an ally of the united states
"washington (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin ordered an effort to help republican donald trump’s electoral chances by discrediting democrat hillary clinton in the 2016 presidential campaign
"louisville
 michelle obama praises diversity"
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s pick to lead the environmental protection agency resigned as chairman of the rule of law defense fund in november
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of homeland security on friday designated u.s. election infrastructure as critical
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump will take aggressive action against cyber hacking in the early days of his government
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on friday mexico would repay the united states for his planned border wall
 nissan faces bigger risk"
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico’s government said on friday it rejects any attempt to use threats to influence investment in the country
"(reuters) - a declassified report by u.s. intelligence agencies said  russian president vladimir putin ordered an effort to help donald trump’s electoral chances by discrediting democrat  hillary clinton in the 2016 presidential campaign.  the following quotes are some highlights of the report
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on friday material used in an nbc report about alleged russian hacking to influence the 2016 u.s. election was not leaked by the white house. president-elect donald trump said earlier on friday that he would ask congressional committees to investigate nbc’s receipt of top secret information. “i certainly feel confident in saying that is not material that was leaked to the public by the white house
"washington (reuters) - the top democrats on the u.s. senate and house of representatives intelligence committees said on friday a report on russian activity related to the 2016 u.s. election should inspire a strong response to prevent a repeat. “the strength of america’s democracy will be measured
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s transition team has issued a blanket mandate for politically appointed ambassadors installed by president barack obama to leave their posts by inauguration day
"washington (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin ordered “an influence campaign” in 2016 aimed at the u.s. presidential election with the goal of undermining the democratic process and denigrating democratic rival hillary clinton
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump said he had a “constructive” meeting with members of u.s. intelligence agencies on friday and plans to appoint a team to give him a plan to combat cyber attacks within 90 days of taking office on jan. 20. “while russia
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress on friday certified the electoral college vote that gave republican donald trump his victory in the contentious 2016 presidential election after a raucous half-hour joint session punctuated by democratic challenges. the republican businessman
 police say ready"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress on friday certified the electoral college vote that gave republican donald trump the victory in the 2016 presidential election. trump won 304 electoral votes compared to 227 garnered by democratic presidential contender hillary clinton
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump said on friday that he would ask congressional committees to investigate nbc’s receipt of top secret information
"washington (reuters) - the chair of the u.s. senate foreign relations committee said  that abrupt rejection of the iran nuclear deal by the incoming trump administration could create “a crisis” and that he did not expect such an approach. “to tear it up on the front end
" washington (reuters) - the cia has identified russian officials who fed material hacked from the democratic national committee and party leaders to wikileaks at the direction of russian president vladimir putin through third parties
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump called the controversy over russian hacking during the 2016 presidential campaign a “political witchhunt” on friday in an interview hours before he was to receive a u.s. intelligence briefing on the topic. “china
 differs with trump"
"paris (reuters) - nissan is halting joint development of luxury cars with daimler’s mercedes-benz
"tokyo (reuters) - the japanese government defended toyota motor corp (7203.t) on friday as an “important corporate citizen” of the united states
"beijing (reuters) - global automakers reported a surge in china sales last year as consumers rushed to take advantage of a tax cut on small-engine cars
"berlin (reuters) - german officials who have held talks with members of u.s. president-elect donald trump’s transition team have not been able to figure out what kind of foreign and security policy his administration wants to pursue
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump
"washington (reuters) - there is disagreement within president-elect donald trump’s camp about the structure of the top u.s. intelligence agency when he takes office and it is unclear whether his national security adviser will prevail in advocating a reorganization
"washington (reuters) - republicans lawmakers on thursday pressed ahead in trying to strip down u.s. regulations
"washington (reuters) - protesters will get public sites for demonstrations during republican donald trump’s presidential inauguration
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump on thursday picked former u.s. senator dan coats as his director of national intelligence
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry said on thursday he accepted the u.s. intelligence assessment that the “highest level” of the russian government was responsible for cyber attacks during the 2016 u.s. presidential campaign. asked during a news conference if he thought russian president vladimir putin directed the hacking of the democratic national committee
"washington (reuters) - senate democrats on thursday demanded an ethics probe into tom price
"washington (reuters) - fbi director james comey on thursday defended his handling of democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton’s email investigation during the contentious u.s. presidential election
"boston (reuters) - a massachusetts county sheriff has proposed sending prison inmates from around the united states to build the proposed wall along the mexican border that is one of u.s. president-elect donald trump’s most prominent campaign promises. “i can think of no other project that would have such a positive impact on our inmates and our country than building this wall
"new york (reuters) - donald trump’s spokesman on thursday rejected media reports that said the republican president-elect was planning to restructure the nation’s intelligence agencies
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he expected to have legislation to replace
"washington (reuters) - u.s. director of national intelligence james clapper said on thursday that russia has a “long history” of interfering in elections
"washington (reuters) - russia is a major threat to a wide range of u.s. interests because of its “highly-advanced offensive cyber program” and sophisticated capabilities
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator john mccain said on thursday the goal of the intelligence community’s review of russian hacking and any influence on the 2016 u.s. election is not intended to question the result of the november poll. he also told a hearing of the senate armed services committee on cyber security issues that the panel
 republicans fast track plan to undo obama regulations"
" washington (reuters) - u.s. intelligence agencies obtained what they considered to be conclusive evidence after the november election that russia provided hacked material from the democratic national committee to wikileaks through a third party
"london (reuters) - leading brexit campaigner nigel farage
 not enforcement"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump plans to pick businessman  william hagerty as the next u.s. ambassador to japan
"buenos aires (reuters) - the trump organization has no plans to build in buenos aires
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama exhorted fellow democrats on wednesday to preserve his legacy-defining healthcare law as republicans moved ahead with their long-sought bid to scrap it in what vice president-elect mike pence called the “first order of business” of donald trump’s administration. the emerging democratic strategy is to warn that republicans risk throwing the entire u.s. healthcare system into chaos by moving to dismantle the 2010 affordable care act
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump on wednesday said walter “jay” clayton
"(reuters) - police in alabama arrested six civil rights activists staging a sit-in at senator jeff sessions’ office on tuesday to protest his nomination for u.s. attorney general
 months ahead"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump voiced new doubts on wednesday that russian hackers attempted to influence the u.s. election on his behalf
"(reuters) - former republican senator dan coats of indiana is the leading candidate to serve as u.s. president-elect donald trump’s director of national intelligence
 tillerson agree to cut all ties"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican president-elect donald trump on wednesday filled out his incoming white house senior staff jobs
"honolulu (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will deliver a farewell address on jan. 10 to reflect on his time in office and say thank you to his supporters
 surveillance"
" (this january 3 story was corrected to remove reference in paragraph 8 to conocophillips
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer said on wednesday that democrats in congress want to see republican lawmakers’ plan for a replacement healthcare program before they repeal the affordable care act
 fbi and dni chiefs on friday: spokesman"
 met with union reps"
"(reuters) - the following people are mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump assembles his administration before taking office on jan. 20
"los angeles (reuters) - democratic lawmakers in the california legislature said on wednesday they retained former u.s. attorney general eric holder to help in any legal battles with president-elect donald trump’s administration. the move is more evidence that lawmakers in the nation’s most populous state
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on wednesday warned fellow republicans to “be careful” over their effort to repeal u.s. democratic president barack obama’s signature healthcare law
"washington (reuters) - the republican-led u.s. congress had a rough start to its first session of the donald trump era on tuesday when a public outcry that included a dressing-down from the president-elect prompted the house of representatives to backtrack on its plans to defang an ethics watchdog. it was supposed to have been a ceremonious beginning in which lawmakers set plans to enact trump’s agenda of cutting taxes
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump said on tuesday that a briefing he is to receive from u.s. intelligence officials on allegations of russian hacking of the u.s. election had been delayed until friday. in a tweet
' omarosa may get trump white house job"
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on twitter on tuesday he will hold a news conference on jan. 11 in new york. trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house republicans on tuesday reversed course and withdrew their proposal to weaken an outside ethics watchdog charged with investigating lawmakers’ behavior
"seoul/washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s “clear warning” to north korea shows he is aware of the urgency of the threat posed by north korea’s nuclear program and will not waver from a policy of sanctions against the isolated country
"beijing (reuters) - china’s hard work in trying to ensure the denuclearization of the korean peninsula is obvious to all
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative paul ryan was re-elected speaker of the house of representatives on tuesday as a republican-led  congress began a new session. the wisconsin congressman was elected on a vote of 239-189. ryan was first elected speaker in october 2015
" washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress taking office on tuesday remains almost as overwhelmingly christian as it was in the 1960s even while the share of american adults who call themselves christians has dropped
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on tuesday it expects additional transfers of prisoners from the guantanamo bay military prison to be announced before president barack obama leaves office on jan. 20. “i would expect at this point additional transfers to be announced before january 20
 threatens tax"
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator mike enzi introduced on tuesday a resolution allowing for the repeal of president barack obama’s signature health insurance program
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on tuesday criticized a congressional move to weaken a nonpartisan ethics watchdog
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi on tuesday slammed republican lawmakers for their plan
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on tuesday named robert lighthizer
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said on tuesday he has made clear to the house ethics committee chairman that the panel must not interfere with the office of congressional ethics and should only ensure that the office follows rules and does not hamper investigations. ryan
"washington (reuters) - no evidence has emerged to suggest russian hacking influenced the outcome of the u.s. presidential election and it would be irresponsible to jump to conclusions before receiving a final intelligence report
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives agreed on monday to weaken a nonpartisan ethics watchdog on the grounds it had grown too intrusive
 weigh trump personnel picks"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump criticized china on monday
"(reuters) - an evergreen crop of elite quarterbacks featuring tom brady
"washington (reuters) - former georgia governor sonny perdue is u.s. republican president-elect donald trump’s leading candidate to run the u.s. department of agriculture
"washington (reuters) - a top aide to president-elect donald trump said in an interview aired on sunday that the white house may have disproportionately punished russia by ordering the expulsion of 35 suspected russian spies. incoming white house press secretary sean spicer said on abc’s “this week” that trump will be asking questions of u.s. intelligence agencies after president barack obama imposed sanctions last week on two russian intelligence agencies over what he said was their involvement in hacking political groups in the 2016 u.s. presidential election. obama also ordered russia to vacate two u.s. facilities as part of the tough sanctions on russia. “one of the questions that we have is why the magnitude of this? i mean you look at 35 people being expelled
 questions russia hacking"
 abortion-related obamacare protections"
"(reuters) - a member of the mormon tabernacle choir has resigned over its plan to sing at the inauguration of president-elect donald trump
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama plans to meet democratic lawmakers in congress next week to discuss how to protect his signature healthcare law from republican efforts to dismantle it
"washington (reuters) - lockheed martin corp has been awarded a $450 million modification to a previous contract linked to the development and delivery of f-35a aircraft to south korea
"new york (reuters) - supporters of u.s. president-elect donald trump have appropriated the phrase “basket of deplorables” - used by hillary clinton during the campaign to pillory some of his backers - to plan an inauguration party called the “deploraball.”  but while the intention might be to mock the defeated democratic candidate
"honolulu (reuters) - president barack obama on thursday authorized a series of sanctions against russia for intervening in the 2016 u.s. presidential election and warned of more action to come. “these actions follow repeated private and public warnings that we have issued to the russian government
"ottawa (reuters) - canada’s answer to donald trump is a pediatric surgeon and former cabinet minister who
 oneweb say 8
"vilnius (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s choice for secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s goal of overhauling the u.s. tax code in 2017 will depend partly on the work of an obscure congressional committee tasked with estimating how much future economic growth will result from tax cuts. known as the joint committee on taxation
 trump says 'we ought to get on with our lives'"
"palm beach
 marvel
"washington (reuters) - democrats on the u.s. senate’s environment panel on wednesday asked president-elect donald trump’s choice to head the environmental protection agency to disclose his ties to the energy industry ahead of his confirmation hearing early next year. the six senators sent a letter to scott pruitt
"(reuters) - top montana democratic and republican lawmakers on tuesday warned neo-nazis they would find “no safe haven” for a rally that could include guns planned for next month in a mountain town where white nationalists have threatened jewish residents.  the lawmakers include both democrats and u.s. representative ryan zinke
"riga/tallinn (reuters) - russia and its president vladimir putin should expect tough sanctions after cyber attacks during the presidential election won by donald trump
"riga (reuters) - a u.s. senator said on wednesday that russia needed to understand it had taken one step too far during the presidential election won by donald trump. “it is now time for russia to understand – enough is enough
 marvel
" (this dec. 27 story corrects to say 55
"palm beach
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican president-elect donald trump has turned to his long-time company’s top lawyer to serve as a special negotiator for trade deals and other talks
 but trump says
"(reuters) - republic of congo president denis sassou plans to meet with u.s. president-elect donald trump on tuesday to discuss the ongoing political turmoil crisis in libya and other african issues
 days after israeli settlements vote
 trump decides to dissolve his foundation"
"(reuters) - jason miller
"(reuters) - the chief executive of lockheed martin corp told president-elect donald trump on friday that she was committed to driving down the cost of the company’s f-35 fighter jet
"west palm beach
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s transition team has asked two cabinet departments for the names of government officials working on programs to counter violent extremism
"(reuters) - lockheed martin corp said its chief executive marillyn hewson gave u.s. president-elect donald trump a personal commitment to bring down the price of its f-35 fighter jet
 criticizes guantanamo policy"
 says democrats sore losers"
"west palm beach (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump sowed more doubt about his position on nuclear proliferation on friday
"washington (reuters) - a top u.s. senator who oversees the united states’ un funding threatened on friday to pull financial support for the international body if it moves forward with a vote on a resolution over israeli settlements
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s statement thursday that the united states needs to strengthen its nuclear capabilities referred to the need to prevent nuclear weapons from spreading to unstable countries or terrorist groups
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on friday he expected u.s. -russia relations to return to normal and was ready to visit the united states if president-elect donald trump invited him.  “if trump invites me to travel to the united states
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on friday he hoped to discuss the normalization of russia-u.s. ties with president-elect donald trump. when asked when he would meet trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on friday that the u.s.  democratic party was wrongly trying to blame its electoral defeat to donald trump on external factors. speaking at an annual end-of-year news conference
"moscow (reuters) - the u.s. presidential election system is archaic and that is a problem
 warn of u.s. showdown"
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on friday that the question of who hacked the u.s. democratic party was not important
moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on friday he wanted constructive relations with the united states under president-elect donald trump. 
"los angeles (reuters) - a federal judge declared a mistrial on thursday in the obstruction of justice case against former los angeles county sheriff lee baca
 says told boeing to price out fighter aircraft"
"washington (reuters) - kellyanne conway
"washington (reuters) - the republican national committee spokesman sean spicer will serve as u.s. president-elect donald trump’s press secretary in the white house when he takes office next month
 eric trump suspends charitable foundation: washington post"
"washington (reuters) - lockheed martin corp has been awarded a $1.45 billion contract for patriot missiles
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump discussed laying the groundwork for peace in the middle east in a phone call on thursday with egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi
"washington/new york (reuters) - democrats are showing little interest in cooperating with the republicans who control congress on legislation to dismantle the obamacare health insurance law but some are signaling a willingness to collaborate on action to curb rising drug prices. republican u.s. president-elect donald trump pledged two weeks ago to bring down drug prices
"(reuters) - the following people are mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump assembles his administration before taking office on jan. 20
"(reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder said he had “no reason to be concerned” he would be charged in connection with the flint drinking water crisis that exposed city residents to high levels of lead
"palm beach
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump named peter navarro
"raleigh
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump emerged from a meeting with the ceos of boeing and lockheed martin on wednesday and said he was working to lower costs on planes sold to the government
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s transition team is considering the use of discretionary trusts to avoid conflicts of interest for trump family members or administration officials
"(reuters) - billionaire carl icahn will advise donald trump on rescinding what the activist investor called “excessive regulation” on u.s. businesses
 ending labor board cases"
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on wednesday named peter navarro
"new york (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s son-in-law
"palm beach
 gold mine"
"(reuters) - the u.s. congress should consider overhauling its system of benefits for disabled people in puerto rico
"boston (reuters) - maine voters have made the state the eighth in the united states to legalize the recreational use of marijuana
"(reuters) - the u.s. government spent more than a decade preparing responses to malicious hacking by a foreign power but had no clear strategy when russia launched a disinformation campaign over the internet during the u.s. election campaign
 gulf arabs see potential in trump"
"washington (reuters) - israel’s ambassador to the united states issued an impassioned endorsement on tuesday of president-elect donald trump’s promise to relocate the u.s. embassy to jerusalem
"new york (reuters) - the fbi acted inappropriately when it announced the revival of its investigation into hillary clinton’s private email setup days before the nov. 8 presidential election
 says not 'sidelined'"
 commerce secretary will run trade policy"
"(reuters) - the following people are mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump assembles his administration before taking office on jan. 20
 bill clinton trade insults in unusual exchange"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama plans to transfer as many as 18 more prisoners from the guantanamo bay military prison before leaving office
"new york (reuters) - a group of democratic senators took their plans to tackle rising drug costs to president-elect donald trump on tuesday
"seattle/austin
"washington (reuters) - lockheed martin corp’s f-35 fighter jet program is essential for the security of the united states and its allies
"washington/new york (reuters) - president-elect donald trump will nominate vincent viola
"(reuters) - the following people are mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump assembles his administration before taking office on jan. 20
"washington (reuters) - u.s. chief justice john roberts on monday rejected a new mexico lawyer’s long-shot bid to force a senate confirmation vote on president barack obama’s supreme court pick
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. judge on monday ordered the unsealing of the application used to obtain a search warrant that allowed the fbi to gain access to emails related to democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton’s private server before the nov. 8 election. u.s. district judge kevin castel in manhattan directed the release by tuesday of redacted materials used to obtain a search warrant after federal bureau of investigation director james comey informed congress of newly discovered emails on oct. 28. comey’s letter drew new attention to a damaging issue for clinton
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump will nominate high-frequency trading expert vincent viola to be secretary of the army
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. interior department on monday finalized a contentious rule to protect streams and forests from the impact of coal mining
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s drive to rebuild u.s. roads
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin is not in touch with u.s. president-elect donald trump’s team
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s incoming white house chief of staff on sunday played down the prospect that trump would revisit washington’s decades-old “one china” policy
 u.s. play down reports of curbs on military support"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican and democratic senators called on sunday for a special bipartisan panel to investigate cyber attacks against the united states by foreign countries with a focus on russia’s alleged efforts to influence the u.s. presidential election. charles schumer
"washington (reuters) - four senators on sunday called for the creation of a bipartisan investigative panel that would investigate u.s. government allegations that russia and other foreign countries tried to hack the u.s. elections. u.s. senator charles schumer of new york
 first lady's food legacy may live on elsewhere"
 trump ends 'thank you' tour"
" washington (reuters) - with more than 20 nominees now selected
"west palm beach
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on friday it was fine for president-elect donald trump to review washington’s “one-china” policy toward taiwan
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. intelligence community will soon disclose an estimate of the number of americans whose electronic communications have been caught in the crosshairs of online surveillance programs intended for foreigners
"raleigh
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on friday strongly suggested that russian president vladimir putin personally authorized the computer hacks of democratic party emails that american intelligence officials say were aimed at helping republican donald trump win the nov. 8 election. but with only a month left in office
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on friday he had “great confidence” that the hacking of democratic party officials and institutions were carried out by russia and at the behest of high-level russian officials. “the intelligence that i’ve seen gives me great confidence in their assessment that the russians carried out this hack
"(reuters) - the following people are mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump puts together his administration before taking office on jan. 20
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump will nominate republican u.s. representative mick mulvaney to be director of the white house office of management and budget
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump will nominate republican u.s. representative mick mulvaney to be director of the white house office of management and budget
"jerusalem/washington (reuters) - a senior palestinian official warned on friday that implementation of donald trump’s pledge to relocate the u.s. embassy to jerusalem would destroy any prospects for peace with israel
"washington (reuters) - two u.s. lawmakers are questioning whether heritage pharmaceuticals misled them in response to a 2014 congressional inquiry about the rising price a common antibiotic
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on friday his conversations with president-elect donald trump have been cordial and in some cases he made specific suggestions and offered thoughts about  maintaining the integrity of democratic institutions. “he has listened. i can’t say that he will end up implementing
"republican members of congress are complaining that u.s. intelligence agencies are refusing to brief them widely on a classified cia report that concluded russia hacked democratic party data in an effort to help donald trump win the presidency. the republicans said director of national intelligence james clapper has refused their requests for full briefings of congress’ two intelligence committees. u.s. government officials said the leaders of congress and the chairmen of the two intelligence committees
"washington (reuters) - the fbi backs the cia’s view that russia intervened to help donald trump win the u.s. presidential election
 taiwan tallies defense costs"
"washington (reuters) - eleven men who have held what is considered to be the toughest job in washington - white house chief of staff - were to gather for lunch on friday to welcome reince preibus
"washington (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin supervised his intelligence agencies’ hacking of the u.s. presidential election and turned it from a general attempt to discredit american democracy to an effort to help donald trump
"tokyo (reuters) - the kremlin said on friday that the united states should either prove accusations that russia interfered in the u.s. presidential election by hacking democratic party organizations or drop the issue. “either stop talking about it or finally provide some evidence. otherwise it looks indecent
"hershey
 verizon seeks new deal terms"
"tokyo (reuters) - the kremlin said on friday that president vladimir putin had given president barack obama “a really clear response” to u.s. allegations that moscow had interfered in the u.s. presidential election by hacking democratic party organizations. russia’s tass news agency cited kremlin aide yuri ushakov as telling reporters in tokyo that putin had explained russia’s stance on the issue to obama on the sidelines of the g20 summit in september. “there was a tete-a-tete conversation and different themes were discussed
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump said on thursday he will nominate bankruptcy attorney david friedman as u.s. ambassador to israel
"washington (reuters) - a sweeping tax reform proposal meant to boost u.s. manufacturing faces mounting pressure from industries that rely heavily on imported goods as president-elect donald trump and congressional republicans work to finalize new tax legislation. as republican members of the house of representatives tax committee prepared to discuss tax reform this week
"washington (reuters) - russian hackers seized control last year of the unclassified email system used by the u.s. military’s joint chiefs of staff
"(reuters) - officials in 24 states have urged u.s. president-elect donald trump to kill the centerpiece of president barack obama’s strategy to combat climate change and shut down coal-fired power plants. the coalition requested the incoming republican government undo the clean power plan enacted by the current democratic administration. the law was designed to lower carbon emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants by 2030 to 32 percent below 2005 levels.     the supreme court has ordered a delay in implementation until legal challenges to the regulation are completed. the group
 years: republican aides"
"(reuters) - the u.s. agency charged with ensuring that voting machines meet security standards was itself penetrated by a hacker after the november elections
"new york (reuters) - huma abedin
"washington (reuters) - when is a tweet just a tweet? a debate is percolating in the u.s. state department
"washington (reuters) - a washington judge has ordered republican president-elect donald trump to give a deposition in a lawsuit against celebrity chef jose andres stemming from trump’s disparaging remarks about mexican immigrants. district of columbia superior court judge jennifer di toro ruled on wednesday that trump must testify in new york about andres’ restaurant deal at trump’s luxury washington hotel. the deposition can last up to seven hours and will take place in the first week of january. his lawyers had sought to limit how long trump could be questioned and what could be covered
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will hold a press conference at the white house on friday at 2:15 p.m. et (1915 gmt) before leaving for his annual family vacation in hawaii
"raleigh
 remain at oracle"
 tv analyst for nsc posts"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump on thursday named u.s. representative ryan zinke of montana
"(reuters) - the following people are mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump puts together his administration before taking office on jan. 20
"san francisco (reuters) - climate scientists worried that president-elect donald trump will slash their budgets and sideline their research are entering survival mode
 handing gop a majority"
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has formally named republican representative ryan zinke of montana
"washington/beijing (reuters) - china’s plan to punish a u.s. automaker accused of price-fixing is a sign of how beijing could retaliate if president-elect donald trump upends decades of relations between the two nations. trump’s assertion that the united states need not be bound by the policy that taiwan is part of “one china” would erode a bedrock of u.s.-china ties that has underpinned the vast increase in trade and cooperation between what are now the world’s two largest economies. few expect the disagreement will lead to outright military confrontation
"(reuters) - yahoo inc’s shares fell as much as 3.8 percent on thursday
"sydney (reuters) - the united states is ready to confront china should it continue its overreaching maritime claims in the south china sea
"washington (reuters) - in a veiled warning to u.s. president-elect donald trump
"beijing (reuters) - china defended its right on thursday to put “necessary military installations” on artificial islands in the south china sea
 obscene content"
"beijing/taipei (reuters) - china warned on wednesday that any interference with or damage to the “one china” principle would have a serious impact on peace and stability in the taiwan strait
"beijing (reuters) - when donald trump becomes u.s. president next month
"washington (reuters) - in the looming tax reform and infrastructure spending fight on capitol hill
 seeks gas export boost"
"hanoi (reuters) - in a telephone call
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s transition team on wednesday  disavowed a survey sent to the u.s. department of energy that requested the names of people working on climate change in the agency. “the questionnaire was not authorized or part of our standard protocol
"brasilia (reuters) - the trump organization inc said on wednesday it has pulled out of a hotel venture in rio de janeiro that is part of a criminal investigation in brazil
"new york/washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump and some of silicon valley’s most powerful executives met at his manhattan tower on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives are accelerating efforts to craft a sweeping tax reform bill for 2017 and looking at ways to smooth the transition to a new tax system for some businesses
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump must divest his luxury washington hotel in a building leased from the federal government because the arrangement violates conflict-of-interest rules
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on wednesday endorsed a niece of former critic mitt romney to be the next chair of the republican national committee as he moved to put his stamp on the party leadership. the rnc named michigan republican party chair ronna romney mcdaniel as its deputy chair
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump named the head of exxon mobil corp
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has chosen republican representative ryan zinke of montana
 radio free europe raises concerns"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump plans to unveil his choice to fill the lingering u.s. supreme court vacancy around the time of his jan. 20 inauguration after the republican-led senate refused to consider president barack obama’s nominee
"new york (reuters) - classical crossover singer jackie evancho
 former seal zinke as interior secretary"
"(reuters) - the following are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump puts together his administration before taking office on jan. 20
 spacex/tesla
 apple
 apple
"moscow (reuters) - syrian president bashar al-assad said in an interview with russian state television that u.s. president-elect donald trump could become a natural ally to damascus if he shows he is sincere about fighting terrorism. “if trump can genuinely fight against terrorism
"paris (reuters) - france’s foreign minister on wednesday accused u.s. president-elect donald trump of showing a lack of respect toward china after comments that put into question the “one china” principle.    trump said on sunday the united states did not necessarily have to stick to its long-standing position that taiwan is part of “one china”
"dubai (reuters) - former cia director leon panetta said on wednesday that president-elect donald trump risked being blamed after any potential attack on the united states if he refused to receive more regular intelligence briefings. u.s. officials told reuters that trump is receiving an average of one presidential intelligence briefing a week - far fewer than most of his recent predecessors - but that his deputy mike pence gets briefings around six days a week.      panetta
"san francisco/washington (reuters) - alphabet’s google is racing to hire more conservatives for its lobbying and policy arm
"jakarta (reuters) - some elite u.s. politicians’ denial of the science backing up climate change is worrying
 researchers must raise the alarm - obama official"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats plan to enlist accountants and legal experts to pore through the business records of exxon mobil chief executive rex tillerson
"washington (reuters) - the white house on monday insisted that washington’s “one china” policy should not be used as a “bargaining chip” with beijing after president-elect donald trump said the united states did not necessarily have to be bound by its long-standing position that taiwan is part of china. signaling further resistance trump will face in washington if he tries to overturn a principle that has underpinned more than four decades of u.s.-china relations
"chicago/washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s challenges to china on trade and taiwan are rattling american companies who have long benefited from stable relations between the two countries but now fear retaliation by beijing if trump were to act. trump jarred chinese officials on sunday by saying the united states did not necessarily have to stick to its long-standing position that taiwan is part of “one china.” beijing expressed “serious concern” about trump’s remarks. four u.s. industry sources who follow china policy closely said they were unsettled by any suggestion of abandoning the “one china” policy
 tillerson would inherit a messy global situation"
"washington (reuters) - the overseers of the u.s. intelligence community have not embraced a cia assessment that russian cyber attacks were aimed at helping republican president-elect donald trump win the 2016 election
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has delayed until january an announcement originally set for this week on how he plans to step back from running his business empire to avoid conflicts of interest
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will make his case directly to president-elect donald trump not to derail the recent u.s.-cuba detente
 deport immigrants"
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. judge on tuesday directed federal prosecutors to show him the search warrant application used to enable the fbi to access emails related to hillary clinton’s private server that were discovered shortly before the nov. 8 presidential election. u.s. district judge kevin castel in manhattan ordered prosecutors by thursday to turn over the application
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. energy department said on tuesday it will not comply with a request from president-elect donald trump’s energy department transition team for the names of people who have worked on climate change and the professional society memberships of lab workers. the energy department’s response could signal a rocky transition for the president-elect’s energy team and potential friction between the new leadership and the staffers who remain in place. the memo sent to the energy department on tuesday and reviewed by reuters last week contains 74 questions
 trump discuss innovation"
"washington (reuters) - donald trump has chosen former texas governor rick perry to head the u.s. department of energy
"(reuters) - numerous voting machines in heavily democratic detroit showed a greater number of ballots than poll workers records said were  cast in the nov. 8 presidential election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is considering u.s. representatives raul labrador of idaho and ryan zinke of montana for interior secretary even as fellow republican lawmaker cathy mcmorris rodgers remained the top contender
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate foreign relations committee plans a closed briefing and a public hearing on the russia hacking issue as soon as the senate returns from its year-end recess in the first week of january
"moscow (reuters) - not only russian president vladimir putin but many other russian officials also have good relations with exxon mobil corp’s rex tillerson
"(reuters) - in the more than four decades since president richard nixon’s historic trip to china
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin is ready to meet u.s. president-elect donald trump any moment but thinks better would be for trump to form his administration first
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign ministry spokeswoman branded as turf war between u.s. security agencies u.s. intelligence reports that russia intervened in the presidential election
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has chosen former texas governor rick perry to head the u.s. department of energy
 microsoft founder bill gates"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican president-elect donald trump on tuesday formally announced exxon-mobil corp (xom.n) chairman and ceo rex tillerson as his nomination to serve as u.s. secretary of state. “his tenacity
 dropping bombs: how china could respond to trump's taiwan talk"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump is stacking his trade transition team with veterans of the u.s. steel industry’s battles with china
"(reuters) - the recount effort by green party presidential candidate jill stein in three u.s. states came to an end on monday
"beijing (reuters) - china expressed “serious concern” on monday after u.s. president-elect donald trump said the united states did not necessarily have to stick to its long-held stance that taiwan is part of “one china”
"seattle (reuters) - donald trump on monday widened his attack on defense contractors
"washington (reuters) - the senate’s top republican broke with president-elect donald trump on monday over whether russian hacking during the u.s. election merited closer scrutiny
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on monday said he would appoint goldman sachs group inc president and chief operating officer gary cohn to head the white house national economic council
"washington (reuters) - the federal reserve inaugurates the trump era this week with a near-certain interest rate increase and new economic forecasts providing a first glimpse into whether the u.s. election has reshaped the central bank’s growth and inflation outlook. fed fund futures show a 97 percent probability that the fed will lift rates by a quarter of a percentage point at the end of its two-day policy meeting on wednesday
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump will name exxon mobil corp chief executive officer rex tillerson as his choice for secretary of state
"(reuters) - a former u.s. representative whose lavish washington office raised questions about use of taxpayer money pleaded not guilty on monday to charges of defrauding the federal government and campaign committees
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump spoke on monday to former chief executive of hewlett-packard carly fiorina about the job of director of national intelligence
"washington (reuters) - u.s. securities and exchange commission chair mary jo white on monday defied requests by senate republicans to delay adopting new rules on everything from derivatives to mutual funds until after president-elect donald trump takes office. in a letter to the senate banking committee’s top two republicans
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s administration has decided to include a massive report on the cia’s use of waterboarding and other “enhanced interrogation techniques” in his presidential papers
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump named goldman sachs group inc executive gary cohn on monday to head his white house national economic council
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said the united states did not necessarily have to stick to its long-standing position that taiwan is part of “one china
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. president-elect donald trump on monday formally announced retired general john kelly
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. house of representatives intelligence committee said on monday his committee has been conducting “vigorous oversight” of the investigations into election-related cyber attacks and he did not see any benefit in opening more probes. “at this time i do not see any benefit in opening further investigations
"(reuters) - the following are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump works to form his administration before taking office on jan. 20
 probe needed"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain said on monday that he personally backs washington’s decades-old “one china” policy and that no one should “leap to conclusions” that president-elect donald trump would abandon it. “i do not respond to every comment by the president-elect because it may be reversed the next day
"(reuters) - dr. scott gottlieb
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on monday it supported reviews by congress of russian interference into the 2016 u.s. presidential election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said he supported effort by the house intelligence committee to examine cyber threats posed to the american democratic process by foreign governments
 says president can't cancel it"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell on monday added his voice to calls for bipartisan cooperation on investigations into russian hacking aimed at interfering with the american presidential election. “any foreign breach of our cybersecurity measures is disturbing and i strongly condemn any such efforts
"washington (reuters) - the central question facing exxon mobil corp (xom.n) chief executive rex tillerson if he becomes u.s. secretary of state is whether a lifelong oil man with close ties to russia can pivot from advancing corporate interests to serving the national interest. tillerson
 for better or worse"
 tipped to be secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on monday the senate will move to repeal president barack obama’s healthcare law shortly after jan. 1
"beijing (reuters) - those who seek to damage the “one china” principle and harm china’s core interests are “lifting a rock only to drop it on their feet”
"moscow (reuters) - russian deputy foreign minister sergei ryabkov said on monday that russia was closely monitoring any signals from the team of u.s. president-elect donald trump regarding its future foreign policy
 lawmakers"
"nevatim air base
"new york (reuters) - republican lawmakers and the federal reserve may be ready to strike a compromise deal on legislation that would give congress greater scrutiny over the central bank
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump rejected as “ridiculous” u.s. intelligence reports that russia intervened in the presidential election on his behalf through targeted hacking
"new york (reuters) - top executives from alphabet inc
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator john mccain on sunday urged president-elect donald trump to accept that russia interfered in november’s presidential election. “the facts are there
"new york (reuters) - rick perry
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s rejection this weekend of u.s. intelligence analysts’ conclusion that russia intervened in the 2016 election to help him win the white house is the latest in a string of conflicts between trump and the intelligence community he will command. most of them involve russia
 giving party 52 seats"
"baltimore (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is expected to name the chief executive of exxon mobil corp as the country’s top diplomat
"baton rouge
"washington (reuters) - u.s. intelligence analysts have concluded that russia intervened in the 2016 election to help president-elect donald trump win the white house
"grand rapids
 obama signs into law"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government is slated to sell $375 million worth of crude oil from the country’s emergency reserve this winter after congress passed a temporary spending bill on friday that contained a measure authorizing the sale. president barack obama’s administration has pushed congress to approve an up to $2 billion plan for a revamp of the strategic petroleum reserve
"(reuters) - a u.s. judge in wisconsin on friday rejected a request by president-elect donald trump supporters to stop a recount of election votes while the michigan supreme court denied an appeal by green party candidate jill stein to restart the state’s recount. the results of the nov. 8 election have been challenged in three states by green party candidate jill stein
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate passed legislation on friday to fund the government through april and sent it to president barack obama for signing into law
"washington (reuters) - a bill to fund the u.s. government cleared a procedural hurdle in the senate on friday and appeared poised to pass the chamber
"grand rapids
"washington/paris (reuters) - key u.s. allies in europe are quietly expressing concern over president-elect donald trump’s approach to syria
"washington (reuters) - the cia has concluded that russia intervened in the 2016 election to help president-elect donald trump win the white house
"washington (reuters) - former new york mayor rudy giuliani said on friday he had removed his name from consideration for a position in donald trump’s new administration as the president-elect narrows the field of people he is considering for secretary of state. giuliani’s withdrawal from consideration came after trump made clear that he was broadening his search for a secretary of state beyond the four finalists transition aides had identified: giuliani
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump said on friday he would name andrew liveris
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s energy department transition team sent the agency a memo this week asking for the names of people who have worked on climate change and the professional society memberships of lab workers
"baton rouge
"aleppo
"baton rouge
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senator joe manchin of west virginia on friday urged senators to oppose a temporary spending bill because it fails to offer a long-term solution to secure retired coal miners’ benefits. republican senate majority leader mitch mcconnell has not yet announced when a final vote on the government spending legislation would take place. the house of representatives voted for the funding bill on thursday and went home. but in the senate
"new york (reuters) - country star garth brooks is in discussions to perform at the inauguration of u.s. president-elect donald trump
"baton rouge
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump will pick u.s. representative cathy mcmorris rodgers
"washington (reuters) - coal mining executive robert murray
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama has ordered intelligence agencies to review cyber attacks and foreign intervention into the 2016 election and deliver a report before he leaves office on jan. 20
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump named fast-food executive andy puzder to head the u.s. department of labor on thursday
"(reuters) - the following are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump works to form his administration before taking office on jan. 20
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is expected to pick goldman sachs executive gary cohn to head his white house national economic council
"mexico city (reuters) - donald trump’s threats to battle mexico over trade
' tougher
 scotland's sturgeon spoke briefly on friday: statement"
"washington (reuters) - fast food executive andy puzder
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on friday the intelligence review ordered by president barack obama on cyber attacks involving u.s. elections will go beyond the nov. 8 vote and will include the 2008 election. “what the president asked for is a review to look at malicious cyber activity tied to our presidential election cycle
 u.s. house speaker ryan meet to discuss policy"
 ensure healthcare for all"
"ottawa (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden said on friday he doubted whether donald trump could undo much of the current administration’s record on the environment because so many green policies have firmly taken hold. trump
 trump to meet ex-rivals fiorina
 factories are humming but paychecks are thin"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. derivatives regulator will move on from reforms undertaken after the 2007-09 financial crisis to a new focus on u.s. competitiveness and the potential for shocks to the global $710 trillion swaps markets under president-elect donald trump. j. christopher giancarlo
"moscow (reuters) - carter page
 u.s. senator manchin"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump is receiving an average of one presidential intelligence briefing a week
"over the course of the u.s. presidential campaign
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats plan to fight some of president-elect donald trump’s choices for top administration jobs
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate overwhelmingly passed a compromise version of an annual defense policy bill on thursday without controversial provisions such as requiring women to register for the draft or allowing contractors to make religion-based hiring decisions. ninety-two senators backed the $618.7 billion national defense authorization act
"washington (reuters) - scott pruitt
 congress likely to pull plug on medical device tax"
"guatemala city (reuters) - revelers in guatemala set ablaze cardboard representations of u.s. president-elect donald trump wearing devil horns during a  traditional ceremony
"(reuters) - fast-food executive andrew puzder
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump pumped a total of $66 million of his own money into his campaign - far from the $100 million he frequently boasted he was going to spend
"des moines
"washington (reuters) - former secretary of state hillary clinton called “fake news” a danger that must be addressed quickly
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on thursday overwhelmingly passed legislation to keep federal agencies funded until april 28 and avert government shutdowns at the end of this week when existing appropriations expire. by a vote of 326-96
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of 27 u.s. senators sent a letter to president-elect donald trump on thursday urging him to take a tough line against russia over what they termed its “military land grab” in ukraine. the letter
"washington (reuters) - legislation expanding the 2012 u.s. magnitsky human rights act from russian citizens to cover abusers in any country passed the u.s. senate on thursday as part of an annual defense policy bill
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump will nominate oklahoma attorney general scott pruitt
"(reuters) - below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump works to form his administration before taking office on jan. 20
"washington (reuters) - the chances that the federal government could hand off the u.s. air traffic control system to private management are increasing
 u.s. lawmakers
 third general for top post"
 north carolina governor
 environment
"(reuters) - the u.s. senate voted overwhelmingly on wednesday to support sweeping legislation that will reshape the way the food and drug administration approves new medicines.  it will also provide funding for cancer and alzheimer’s research
"washington (reuters) - koch industries
 politicians in moscow: ria"
"new york (reuters) - donald trump clashed on wednesday with a union official who accused the president-elect of lying about the number of jobs saved in a deal to keep air conditioner maker carrier from moving some jobs from indiana to mexico. chuck jones
"(reuters) - a federal judge in michigan on wednesday revoked his order requiring a recount of the state’s presidential vote sought by jill stein
"havana (reuters) - cuba said on wednesday it hoped to sign off on at least half a dozen agreements with the united states before businessman donald trump
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump plans to nominate wrestling magnate linda mcmahon as his choice to head the small business administration
"melbourne (reuters) - the ceo of china’s sovereign wealth fund said on thursday he expects u.s. president-elect donald trump to be very careful in considering whether to increase tariffs in line with his election promises because it would not be in u.s. interests.                 china investment corporation chairman and ceo ding xuedong said republican trump had used a number of “slogans” during the hard-fought campaign against democratic rival hillary clinton that were purely for the purpose of getting elected. “some of the slogans will be put into effect
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senators are leaning towards a plan to delay the effective date of an obamacare repeal for three years
"washington (reuters) - donald trump will name oklahoma attorney general scott pruitt
"new york (reuters) - mayors from the largest u.s. cities warned president-elect donald trump on wednesday of the potential economic harm he might cause if he wipes out a program that allows young illegal immigrants to remain in the united states. they warned in a letter that as much as $9.9 billion in tax revenue would be lost over four years and $433.4 billion in u.s. gross domestic product would be wiped out over 10 years if he cancels a policy aimed at protecting these people from deportation. daca
"washington (reuters) - bank lobbying groups are pressing the u.s. senate to once again work on reforming the country’s consumer financial watchdog agency - but this time around they may see those changes become reality. in a letter to senate leaders released on wednesday the groups
"beijing/new york (reuters) - president-elect donald trump will nominate iowa governor terry branstad as the next u.s. ambassador to china
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on wednesday he will nominate professional wrestling magnate and former senate candidate linda mcmahon as his choice to head the small business administration. trump’s announcement said mcmahon would be a key player in his effort to generate stronger job growth and roll back federal regulations. mcmahon
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on wednesday he will nominate professional wrestling magnate and former senate candidate linda mcmahon as his choice to head the small business administration. trump’s announcement said mcmahon would be a key player in his effort to generate stronger job growth and roll back federal regulations. mcmahon
"(reuters) - retired marine corps general john kelly
' but audience soars"
"washington (reuters) - a public interest group urged u.s. officials on wednesday to free up washington landmarks for thousands of people planning protests around the jan. 20 inauguration of president-elect donald trump. the washington-based partnership for civil justice fund said the national park service had handed over control of sites such  as the lincoln memorial to the private committee overseeing republican trump’s inauguration. the move had left at least a dozen protest groups without prime venues
 says companies shouldn't worry"
"kiev (reuters) - the ukrainian producer of the world’s largest aircraft has offered to build a plane for donald trump after the u.s. president-elect said an order with boeing co for a new air force one should be scrapped. “@realdonaldtrump  may be it is better to consider #antonov aircraft as air force one?
"washington (reuters) - time magazine named u.s. president-elect donald trump its person of the year on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - a spokesman for terry branstad on wednesday denied reports that president-elect donald trump has chosen the iowa governor to be u.s. ambassador to china. “those reports are premature and not accurate
"stockholm (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s plans to increase spending on infrastructure while cutting taxes would endanger public finances
"new york/washington (reuters) - former u.s. attorney debra wong yang is being considered to chair the securities and exchange commission in the trump administration
"fayetteville
"tampa
"washington (reuters) - a republican-led panel in the u.s. house of representatives agreed on tuesday to add $7 million to a short-term federal spending bill to reimburse new york authorities for president-elect donald trump’s security costs
 state courts issue conflicting rulings on michigan vote recount"
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump urged the government on tuesday to cancel an order with boeing co for a revamped air force one - one of the most prominent symbols of the u.s. presidency - saying costs were out of control. it was the latest example of trump using his podium
"washington (reuters) - the republican head of a house of representatives committee said on tuesday he was offering a bill to keep the u.s. government funded through april
"san francisco (reuters) - democrats in california’s state senate announced on tuesday a series of infrastructure funding bills that would invest billions in roads
"new york (reuters) - the largest lobbying group for health insurers has asked u.s. lawmakers weighing the fate of obamacare to push back the due date for 2018 individual insurance submissions to regulators in hopes of obtaining greater clarity on the program’s future later on.  republican leaders including president-elect donald trump and u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell have said they are keen to repeal president barack obama’s signature health insurance program
"beijing/guatemala city (reuters) - china called on u.s. officials on tuesday not to let taiwanese president tsai ing-wen pass through the united states en route to guatemala next month
 despite trump call - reports"
"washington/beijing (reuters) - the white house said on monday it had sought to reassure china after president-elect donald trump’s phone call with taiwan’s leader last week
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. failure to retaliate strongly for the 2014 cyber attack against sony pictures may have helped inspire russian hackers who sought to interfere in the 2016 u.s. election
"washington (reuters) - repealing obamacare will be the first order of business in the u.s. senate in january
"washington (reuters) - the chief executive of the u.s. aerospace industries association urged president-elect donald trump on tuesday to quickly nominate new board members to the u.s. export-import bank to allow the export financing agency to resume functioning. dave melcher said billions of dollars worth of potential orders were in limbo because the agency’s board lacked the necessary number of board members to back important trade deals. “the senate can protect american manufacturing jobs by restoring the quorum to the export-import bank’s board of directors
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s legal defense of some key initiatives including his signature healthcare law is collapsing as courts put cases on hold until after president-elect donald trump
 u.s. to discuss detente in wake of trump election"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump sold all of his shares in companies in june
"(reuters) - blackstone group lp (bx.n) chairman and ceo steve schwarzman said on tuesday he expected to see a “very substantial reversal of regulations of all types
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday said he is pushing to extend expiring healthcare benefits for retired coal miners by including a provision in a spending bill congress hopes to pass this week. in a statement on the senate floor
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration is unlikely to release a massive report on the cia’s use of waterboarding and other “enhanced interrogation techniques” widely considered torture
"simi valley
"aboard air force one (reuters) - the white house said on tuesday it does not know where president-elect donald trump got his figure of more than $4 billion to replace the air force one plane that transports presidents
"(reuters) - below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles as u.s. president-elect donald trump works to form his administration before taking office on jan. 20
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. attorney debra wong yang is a top contender to head the u.s. securities and exchange commission under republican president-elect donald trump
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s comment on tuesday calling for the government to cancel the purchase of boeing’s new air force one plane reflect the u.s. president-elect’s focus on keeping costs down
 carson accepts trump's offer to head u.s. housing department"
 picks for key jobs in trump's administration"
 other issues"
"beijing (reuters) - china’s foreign ministry said on tuesday it hoped the united states would not allow transit by taiwan president tsai ing-wen when she visits guatemala next month. china hopes the united states “does not allow her transit
 green party pursues recounts in three states"
"washington/beijing (reuters) - the white house said on monday it had sought to reassure china after president-elect donald trump’s phone call with taiwan’s leader last week
 ex-vice president gore meet to talk climate policy"
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on monday he would name retired neurosurgeon ben carson as secretary of the department of housing and urban development. the following is a list of republican trump’s selections for top jobs in his administration. all the posts but that of national security adviser require senate confirmation: mattis is a retired marine corps general known for his tough talk
"washington (reuters) - native american reservations cover just 2 percent of the united states
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on thursday said for the first time that he supports the completion of a pipeline project near a north dakota indian reservation
"washington (reuters) - u.s. marine corps commandant general robert neller
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump indicated a tougher u.s. approach to china by speaking to taiwan’s president last week
"new york (reuters) - former u.s. secretary of state henry kissinger said on monday he was impressed by the chinese leadership’s calm reaction to u.s. president-elect donald trump’s call last week with the president of taiwan. “at this moment i’ve been very impressed at the calm reaction of the chinese leadership
 federal mortgage programs"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. supreme court justices on monday struggled over how to determine when states have unlawfully considered race in drawing legislative districts as they weighed cases in which republicans in virginia and north carolina were accused of trying to dilute the clout of black voters. based on two hours of oral arguments in the cases before the eight justices
"(reuters) - the incoming chair of the congressional panel that oversees labor issues on monday questioned the need for unions and said she wants to repeal various obama administration labor policies. organized labor has “sort of lost its reason for being” because of the many laws in place to protect workers
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on monday met with former vice president al gore
"winston-salem
"washington (reuters) - a federal appeals court on monday brought to an end president barack obama’s bid to overturn a ruling that threatens to gut his signature healthcare law by putting the case on hold until after president-elect donald trump
"beijing (reuters) - china said on monday u.s. president-elect donald trump and his transition team are clear on china’s position regarding his telephone call with taiwan president tsai ing-wen on friday. “the world is very clear on china’s solemn position. the us side
"washington (reuters) - the united states has been in touch with chinese officials to reassure them that it is adhering to the “one china” policy after president-elect donald trump’s telephone call with the taiwan’s leader last week. white house spokesman josh earnest said u.s. officials reiterated “our country’s continued commitment to a one-china policy.” the policy has been in place for 40 years and is focused on promoting and preserving peace and stability in the strait separating china and taiwan
 exxon ceo"
"new york/washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump will be able to make many of his promised changes in immigration policy unilaterally by exercising the same kind of executive powers he criticized president barack obama for using.  but while most of the measures laid out in a ten-point immigration policy plan on trump’s transition website could be set in motion without legislative approval
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump has outlined a ten-point plan on his transition website for dealing with illegal immigration. here is a look at what it would take to accomplish each of the ten goals. build a wall on the southern border: trump has the legal authorization to build fences under the “secure fence act” passed in 2006
"new york (reuters) - hawaii grandmother teresa shook wanted to share her outrage with other women the night after donald trump was elected president
"beijing (reuters) - there are many pressure points china can push to express its anger at donald trump’s call with taiwan president tsai ing-wen last week
"shanghai (reuters) - chinese state media on monday continued to play down the protocol-bending phone call last week between u.s. president-elect donald trump and taiwan’s president
"simi valley
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry said on sunday it would be valuable for president-elect donald trump’s transition team to seek state department recommendations before contacting foreign leaders but that it had yet to do so. “we have not been contacted before any of these conversations. we have not been requested to provide talking points
 will understand new responsibilities"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump will meet on thursday with retired u.s. navy admiral james stavridis
 pence says"
"wellington (reuters) - former u.s. astronaut buzz aldrin
 shipbuilders ready for trump's expansion plan"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s phone conversation with taiwan president tsai ing-wen on friday
"dubai (reuters) - iranian president hassan rouhani demanded on sunday that barack obama block an extension of sanctions passed by the u.s. congress
"harrisburg
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump attended a “villains and heroes” costume party at a major donor’s long island home on saturday night
"sydney (reuters) - australian prime minister malcolm turnbull said on sunday he was confident a refugee resettlement deal with the united states would go ahead
"beijing/washington (reuters) - china lodged a diplomatic protest on saturday after u.s. president-elect donald trump spoke by phone with president tsai ing-wen of taiwan
"beijing (reuters) - (this december 2 has been refiled to change headline to clarify amcham.) the american chamber of commerce in china said on saturday the incoming u.s. administration is still formulating positions but needs to get up to speed quickly on historical tensions
 draws sanders' criticism"
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s call with taiwan president tsai ing-wen was a “petty” move by taiwan that does not change its status as part of china
"simi valley
"beijing (reuters) - china’s foreign ministry said on saturday that it had lodged a protest with the “relevant side” in the united states after president-elect donald trump spoke by telephone with the president of self-ruled taiwan
 assures u.s.-philippines ties intact"
"taipei (reuters) - taiwan’s policy making body on china
 sees changes under trump"
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s call with taiwan president tsai ing-wen was a “petty action” by taiwan
"washington (reuters) - the white house on friday said there was “no change” to the united states’ longstanding “one china” policy after president-elect donald trump spoke with taiwanese president tsai ing-wen. “we remain firmly committed to our ‘one china’ policy
 tsai exchanged views on taiwan-u.s. relations"
washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on friday that taiwanese president tsai ing-wen called him on friday to congratulate him on his election win. trump’s conversation with tsai was the first such contact with taiwan by a president-elect or president since president jimmy carter adopted a one-china policy in 1979 and is likely to infuriate beijing. “the president of taiwan called me today to wish me congratulations on winning the presidency. thank you!” trump said in a twitter message. 
"(reuters) - donald trump is “well aware” of what u.s. policy has been on taiwan
"taipei (reuters) - the telephone call between taiwan president tsai ing-wen and u.s. president-elect donald trump was agreed to ahead of time
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said he expected to have most members of his cabinet announced next week
 singapore"
"new york/washington (reuters) - supporters of president-elect donald trump moved on friday to halt the green party’s requests for long-shot recounts of the presidential votes in three states where trump
 despite democrats' concerns"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on friday said he was confident that united nations secretary general-elect antonio guterres would be an effective leader of the international organization. “he has an extraordinary reputation
 picks for key jobs in trump's administration"
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. intelligence officer has asked congress to drop a provision in a pending bill that would create a special committee to combat russian efforts to exert covert influence abroad
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump announced the formation of a council to advise him on job creation
 carter looks to reassure asia allies"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama is expected to sign u.s. legislation extending sanctions against iran for 10 years into law
"washington (reuters) - a drop in the u.s. unemployment rate last month to a 9-year low signals the risk of a collision between president-elect donald trump’s plans to goose the economy and the federal reserve’s efforts to tap the brakes with higher interest rates. since trump’s election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on thursday night he would nominate retired marine corps general james mattis
 healthcare
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s transition team is examining proposals for new non-nuclear sanctions on iran
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on thursday he would name retired marine corps general james mattis as defense secretary. the following is a list of republican trump’s selections for top jobs in his administration. all the posts but that of national security adviser require senate confirmation: mattis is a retired marine corps general known for his tough talk
 picks for key jobs in trump's administration"
"brownsville
"cincinnati (reuters) - president-elect donald trump kicked off his post-election “thank you tour” on thursday by railing against globalization
 trying to protect legacy
 norwegian pm solberg speak by phone: trump statement"
"houston (reuters) - president-elect donald trump is considering democratic u.s. senator heidi heitkamp of north dakota for either the interior or energy secretary positions in his cabinet
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is considering goldman sachs group president and chief operating officer gary cohn for energy secretary
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is considering democratic senator joe manchin of west virginia for energy secretary
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump on thursday said for the first time that he supports the completion of a pipeline project near a north dakota indian reservation
"washington (reuters) - a last-ditch effort in the senate to block or delay rule changes that would expand the u.s. government’s hacking powers failed wednesday
"washington (reuters) - a senior u.s. senate republican warned his party on thursday against simultaneously overhauling medicare and the obamacare health insurance program
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - change at the federal reserve could come quickly with president-elect donald trump’s team pledging to promptly fill high-level central bank jobs and roll out a tax and fiscal plan that could rewrite policymakers’ core economic assumptions.   fed officials already say their plan to gradually increase interest rates may need to be accelerated to accommodate the new administration’s economic proposals
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate passed a 10-year extension of sanctions against iran on thursday
 so does mexico"
 review shows"
"washington (reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie
"johannesburg (reuters) - nigeria’s nobel prize-winning author wole soyinka has torn up his united states green card and renounced his american residency in protest at donald trump’s u.s. election win
"washington (reuters) - a chief proponent of republican tax reform in congress urged the business community on thursday to avoid a battle over coveted tax breaks next year if companies hope to achieve reforms that lower tax rates to boost economic growth and productivity. “there’s incredible pressure in washington not to change a thing
"new york (reuters) - it has proven one of donald trump’s greatest strengths in building a worldwide luxury brand: an obsessive attention to detail
 calls pm sharif a 'terrific guy': islamabad"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump vowed on wednesday to step back from running his global business empire to avoid conflicts of interest but gave few immediate details as concern over his dual role mounts ahead of his jan. 20 inauguration. trump
"washington (reuters) - two senior u.s. senators said on wednesday they want to amend a law allowing lawsuits against saudi arabia over the sept. 11 attacks to narrow the scope of possible lawsuits. lindsey graham and john mccain
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump faced criticism from an unusual source on wednesday when a buttoned-down u.s. government ethics office issued an apparently sarcastic stream of twitter messages applauding him for selling off his assets. trump
"wilmington
"new york (reuters) - preet bharara
"washington (reuters) - only one member of president-elect donald trump’s transition team is dealing with the cia and the 16 other offices and agencies that make up the u.s. intelligence community
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. congress hope to convince president-elect donald trump to support an untested strategy of using the tax code to promote exports while slashing corporate taxes
"new york (reuters) - president-elect donald trump is considering goldman sachs group inc president and chief operating officer gary cohn to head the white house budget office or to fill other positions
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi was re-elected to her post on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - a divided u.s. supreme court struggled on wednesday with how to resolve a dispute over whether immigrants detained by the u.s. government for more than six months while deportation proceedings take place should be able to seek their release. the case takes on additional importance with the expectation that president-elect donald trump will ramp up immigration enforcement
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. environmental protection agency on wednesday said it will push to lock in fuel efficiency standards central to outgoing president barack obama’s climate policy before the trump administration takes over in january.   automakers had appealed to president-elect donald trump
 trade reforms: media"
 picks for key jobs in trump's administration"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump is considering former alaska governor sarah palin for secretary of veterans affairs
 gen. john kelly
 hadley urge u.s. to weigh using more force in syria"
 potential u.s. secretary of state
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump has chosen former goldman sachs partner and hollywood financier steven mnuchin as his nominee for treasury secretary and billionaire investor wilbur ross to head the commerce department
"beijing (reuters) - china said on wednesday it wanted to develop smooth military-to-military ties with the new u.s. administration of donald trump. while the world’s two largest economies are frequently at odds over issues like the disputed south china sea
"milwaukee (reuters) - local officials in wisconsin will decide for themselves how to carry out a presidential election recount after a state judge on tuesday rejected a lawsuit by former green party candidate jill stein to have the ballots counted by hand.  a recount of wisconsin’s three million votes is set to begin on thursday after stein’s campaign requested the audit and paid the state’s $3.5-million filing fee
 obamacare critic for cabinet"
"london (reuters) - outgoing cia director john brennan has said it would be the “height of folly” for u.s. president-elect donald trump to tear up washington’s deal with tehran because it would make it more likely that iran and others would acquire nuclear weapons. “it could lead to a weapons program inside of iran that could lead other states in the region to embark on their own programs
"winston-salem
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump is expected to name former goldman sachs partner and hollywood financier steven mnuchin as his nominee for treasury secretary
"new york (reuters) - hospitals and health insurers are gaining confidence that their nightmare scenario - millions of americans instantly losing health insurance once president-elect donald trump delivers on a promise to “repeal and replace” obamacare - is looking more like a bad dream than becoming reality. the early view from the healthcare sector still includes an end eventually to president obama’s signature health program. but trump’s picks to head the u.s. health department and its top regulator on tuesday
"new york (reuters) - a small group of hard-left activists burned foot-long u.s. flags outside the trump international hotel in new york on tuesday
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is expected to name former goldman sachs partner and hollywood financier steven mnuchin as his nominee for treasury secretary and billionaire investor wilbur ross to head the commerce department
"washington (reuters) - a compromise version of a massive u.s. defense policy bill omits controversial provisions such as a clause democrats said allowed discrimination against homosexuals and a requirement that women register for the draft. the $618.7 billion national defense authorization act
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is expected to name wilbur ross
 picks for key jobs in trump's administration"
"washington (reuters) - the united states will not send a presidential delegation to cuba for communist leader fidel castro’s memorial service
"new york (reuters) - republican congressman lou barletta of pennsylvania said he met with president-elect donald trump on tuesday and discussed becoming his labor secretary. “we talked about secretary of labor
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of defense ash carter voiced opposition to extending a temporary government funding bill well into next year
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday he hopes to have several of president-elect donald trump’s cabinet nominees confirmed on his first day in office on jan. 20. “in the past
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump plans to nominate former labor secretary elaine chao to head the transportation department
 romney
 uk's may calls trump to strengthen ties"
"washington (reuters) - the senate will vote this week on a bill that would renew sanctions on iran for 10 years
"(reuters) - republican u.s. president-elect donald trump on tuesday named a vociferous obamacare critic and a consultant to help him overhaul the nation’s healthcare system. republican representative tom price
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump will nominate a transportation secretary on tuesday afternoon
"washington/havana (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on monday he would end the united states’ “deal” with cuba unless a better one was made
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is set to name indiana health policy consultant seema verma as his pick for administrator of the centers for medicare and medicaid services
 mitt romney"
 back cuba ties"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has chosen republican u.s. representative tom price of georgia to be secretary of health and human services
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is considering representative lou barletta of pennsylvania for transportation secretary
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump appears close to naming u.s. representative tom price as his choice for secretary of health and human services
"(reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives is expected to pass a $6.3 billion piece of legislation on wednesday designed to spur medical innovation
"washington (reuters) - a republican antitrust veteran has been named on monday to u.s. president-elect donald trump’s transition team for the justice department
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s transition team on monday pushed back against an effort to recount nov. 8’s presidential election votes
"washington (reuters) - the united states has shifted millions of dollars in funding for philippines law enforcement away from police drug control programs
"washington (reuters) - the death of cuba’s fidel castro is unlikely to slow down u.s. efforts to normalize relations with its cold war enemy
"washington (reuters) - there has been no evidence of widespread election fraud in the nov. 8 presidential contest
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama spoke to president-elect donald trump by phone on saturday
"(reuters) - green party nominee jill stein is filing requests in pennsylvania to start a recount of votes in the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election
 corker
 picks for key jobs in trump's administration"
 without evidence
"washington (reuters) - donald trump will meet with retired u.s. general david petraeus on monday as the president-elect considers him to serve as u.s. secretary of state
"new york (reuters) - the obama administration signed its final plan for renewable fuel use in the united states last week
 wind industries hope years courting republicans pays off under trump"
"havana (reuters) - from the bay of pigs invasion to a historic visit by president barack obama to havana
"washington (reuters) - an internal dispute among donald trump’s advisers broke out into the open on sunday when his campaign manager warned that the president-elect could face an intense backlash from supporters if he chose mitt romney to be his secretary of state. trump has been weighing whether to pick romney
"west palm beach
"west palm beach
 trump blasts effort"
"west palm beach
washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president-elect mike pence said on saturday that “new hope dawns” for cuba after the death of fidel castro. “the tyrant castro is dead. new hope dawns. we will stand with the oppressed cuban people for a free and democratic cuba. viva cuba libre!” pence said on twitter. 
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry offered his condolences to the cuban people on saturday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on saturday that even after castro’s death “much work remains to secure the freedom of the cuban people
"west palm beach
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on saturday that fidel castro’s death was an opportunity for the cuban government to “turn the page for the good of the cuban people
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama in a statement on saturday offered his condolences to fidel castro’s family and added that history would judge castro’s impact on cuba and around the world.  “at this time of fidel castro’s passing
 ethics issues"
"washington (reuters) - wisconsin’s election board agreed on friday to conduct a statewide recount of votes cast in the presidential race
"washington (reuters) - the organization behind the presidential campaign for green party candidate jill stein
 but back talks with him: poll"
"washington/west palm beach
 stupid"
 his team says"
 picks for key jobs in trump's administration"
 pence to meet with former bb&t ceo allison
"(reuters) - after firing up crowds with boisterous and sometimes divisive campaign rhetoric
 as trump may loosen energy rules"
"beijing (reuters) - a donald trump presidency does not mean the united states will withdraw from the south china sea
"west palm beach
"berlin (reuters) - the u.n. special envoy for syria on thursday said u.s. president barack obama could well keep working until his last day in office to end the war in syria
 haley relatives cheer appointment as un envoy"
"milwaukee (reuters) - green party presidential candidate jill stein said on thursday she has raised $3.5 million to force recounts of the nov. 8 election results in wisconsin
"munich (reuters) - bavarian state premier horst seehofer has invited u.s. president-elect donald trump to visit the southern german state
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump is expected to select wilbur ross jr as secretary of the commerce department
 nearby retailers hit by security and crowds"
"washington (reuters) - by picking fellow republican south carolina governor nikki haley to serve as u.s. ambassador to the united nations
 a foreign policy novice
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has tapped wealthy republican donor and school choice advocate betsy devos to lead the u.s. education department
"washington (reuters) - muslims across the united states feared they were being targeted for surveillance this week when they received automated polling calls asking them to press one if they identified as muslim or two if they did not. many worried president-elect donald trump was making good on his campaign promise to register all muslims in the country or private citizens were laying the groundwork for a registry. the calls were in fact sent out as part of a survey by emerge usa
704 votes in michigan: unofficial tally"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump has not extended an offer to retired neurosurgeon and former presidential rival ben carson to head the department of housing and urban development
 education secretary"
 picks for key jobs in trump's administration"
"(reuters) - britain’s sir elton john will not perform at the inauguration of donald trump in washington as u.s. president
"(reuters) - having spent billions of dollars on post-crisis u.s. financial industry reforms they once scorned
"(reuters) - south carolina governor nikki haley has accepted president-elect donald trump’s offer to be the u.s. ambassador to the united nations
"mexico city (reuters) - a mexican cement maker is ready to lend its services to u.s. president-elect donald trump to build the wall he wants to erect on the southern border of the united states to curb immigration. “we can’t be choosy
 says he can make 'inner cities great'"
 trump talk about cooperation
"beirut (reuters) - extending u.s. sanctions on iran for 10 years would breach the iranian nuclear agreement
"(reuters) - a federal judge on tuesday blocked an obama administration rule to extend mandatory overtime pay to more than 4 million salaried workers from taking effect
"montpelier
"chicago (reuters) - illinois owes a handful of financial consortia more than $118 million under an obscure program intended to speed up overdue payments to the cash-strapped state’s vendors
"(reuters) - during a 10-month period starting in november 2015
 fueling divisions"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on tuesday he was keeping an open mind on whether to pull out of a landmark international accord to fight climate change
"london (reuters) - retired u.s. general david petraeus indicated on wednesday that he would serve in president-elect donald trump’s administration if he was offered a job
 will consider it: carson spokesman"
"(reuters) - some of donald trump’s strongest conservative supporters are voicing anger and disappointment at the president-elect’s comments on tuesday that he might back off his campaign pledge of pursuing a prosecution of former rival hillary clinton.     trump
"washington (reuters) - former democratic representative harold ford jr of tennessee is being considered for u.s. transportation secretary or another cabinet post in donald trump’s administration
 some senate republicans gain leverage"
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump held additional meetings in new york on tuesday as he worked to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on jan. 20.  below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. see end of list for posts already filled. * steven mnuchin
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump spoke on a wide range of issues with new york times editors and reporters on tuesday. the following is a summary of some of his comments as reported by the newspaper or its reporters. trump said prosecuting democratic rival hillary clinton for her handing of classified information while secretary of state or the dealings of the clinton foundation was “not something that i feel very strongly about.” “i don’t want to hurt the clintons
"(reuters) - north carolina governor pat mccrory announced on tuesday he has officially requested a recount of votes from the nov. 8 election with official results showing him trailing his democratic challenger
 opening the way for china to lead"
"washington (reuters) - chinese vice premier wang yang said on tuesday that u.s. policies toward china under president-elect donald trump may be uncertain
 undaunted by trump"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama has a new fan: donald trump. after lambasting obama for months as a failed leader unfit to be president
"lima (reuters) - peru proposed new talks to ensure the u.s.-proposed trans-pacific partnership will be implemented after donald trump vowed to withdraw the united states from the sweeping trade deal on the first day of his administration. trade minister eduardo ferreyros
"(reuters) - u.s. republican president-elect donald trump’s charitable foundation said it violated a ban on so-called “self-dealing” by transferring income or assets to a “disqualified person
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump on tuesday condemned an alt-right conference in washington over the weekend where some members performed a hitler salute and yelled “hail trump!” after a speech about white nationalism. “i condemn them. i disavow
 flags china opportunity"
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said on tuesday he thinks there is some connection between climate change and human activity and “clean air is vitally important
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump showed little appetite for instigating investigations of former democratic presidential rival hillary clinton
 despite trump comments"
"buenos aires (reuters) - ivanka trump
"london (reuters) - britain on tuesday dismissed u.s. president-elect donald trump’s unprecedented expression of support for brexit campaigner nigel farage to be made british ambassador to washington
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s surprise victory in the u.s. presidential election has set off a round of resume-polishing across washington
"london (reuters) - foreign minister boris johnson said on tuesday britain must underline the importance of free trade and the nato military alliance to u.s. president-elect donald trump as the government looks to build a relationship with his administration. “it is of course vital that we get over the message that nato and article 5 of nato has been the guarantor of peace and stability in our continent for the last 70 years
 says uk pm's spokesman"
"london (reuters) - britain’s brexit secretary david davis said on tuesday there was no vacancy for the job of ambassador to washington as the incumbent was very good. u.s. president-elect donald trump said many people would like to see brexit campaigner nigel farage as british ambassador to washington. “people can say what they like but the simple truth is there’s no vacancy. the ambassador there is very very good
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. holocaust memorial museum expressed alarm on monday over “hateful speech” at a white nationalist meeting over the weekend
"milwaukee (reuters) - republicans in wisconsin tilted district maps in their favor in order to hamper democrats and ultimately win state elections in 2012 and 2014
"london (reuters) - leading brexit campaigner nigel farage said on tuesday he was in a good position to help britain build ties with donald trump after the u.s. president-elect tweeted that farage should be british ambassador to washington. “i have known several of the trump team for years and i am in a good position with the president-elect’s support to help
"london (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said many people would like to see brexit campaigner nigel farage as british ambassador to washington. “many people would like to see @nigel_farage represent great britain as their ambassador to the united states. he would do a great job!” trump said on twitter. farage
 may borrow from tpp"
 help his business empire"
 meets with cabinet hopefuls"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump released a video on monday laying out actions he will take on his first day in office on jan. 20
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s choice of experts to focus on new policies at the federal communications commission signals a regime that will have a “lighter” touch on regulation and be more likely to favor large mergers in telecoms industries
 mattis favored for trump pentagon chief"
 green groups"
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump held meetings in new york on monday as he worked to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on jan. 20. below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. see end of list for posts already filled. * steven mnuchin
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump is considering dallas investor ray washburne as a possible interior secretary
 sessions"
"(reuters) - oklahoma governor mary fallin met on monday with president-elect donald trump and vice president-elect mike pence and discussed the possibility of serving in the new administration
 ex-texas governor perry
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration on friday blocked new exploration for oil and gas in arctic waters
"san francisco (reuters) - christmas came early for u.s. gun shop owners - who saw a rush of firearms purchases ahead of the presidential election - but they may now be hard-pressed to match last year’s record holiday sales. gun merchants had a record october
"lima (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on sunday said that people should take a “wait-and-see” approach on president-elect donald trump as the real estate mogul works to assemble his choices for senior administration posts. obama said he could not guarantee trump would not pursue the policy positions he took during the campaign
 putin talk about syria and ukraine in quick summit meet"
 showing support for re-election bid"
"lima (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama declined on sunday to comment on media reports that senior defense and intelligence officials in his administration had requested the removal of national security agency chief mike rogers. obama called rogers a “terrific patriot” during a news conference at an asia-pacific economic cooperation summit in lima
"lima (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on sunday said he is not worried about being the last democratic u.s. president for a while
"lima (reuters) - canadian prime minister justin trudeau said on sunday that he looks forward to welcoming u.s. president-elect donald trump to canada
 says election spawned 'social crisis'"
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump will work to ensure there is “proper separation” between his business empire and his job as president of the united states
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president-elect mike pence said on sunday he was not offended by rare and pointed comments made to him by a cast member of “hamilton” after he attended the hit broadway show. “i wasn’t offended
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump will hold a series of meetings on sunday in new jersey as he continues to put together a team for his incoming administration
"washington (reuters) - former republican presidential nominee mitt romney is under “active consideration” to serve as u.s. secretary of state along with other candidates
"washington (reuters) - republican mitt romney is a possible choice for the job of secretary of state but president-elect donald trump is also looking at other people
"washington (reuters) - conservative radio talk show host laura ingraham said on sunday she is being considered by president-elect donald trump to serve as white house press secretary. ingraham said she has talked to trump and she was privileged to be considered. “it’s an intriguing idea
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump said on sunday he is considering retired general james mattis for u.s. defense secretary
"london (reuters) - queen elizabeth will invite u.s. president-elect donald trump for a state visit to britain next year to try to cement close ties between the two countries
 don't assume worst"
 trump meets former rival romney and retired gen. mattis"
"washington (reuters) - the heads of the pentagon and the u.s. intelligence community have recommended to president barack obama that the director of the national security agency
"new york (reuters) - president-elect donald trump on saturday demanded an apology from the cast of “hamilton” for appealing from the stage to mike pence to “uphold our american values” while the vice-president-elect was attending a performance of the broadway hit. “the theater must always be a safe and special place. the cast of hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump held talks on saturday with 2012 republican presidential nominee mitt romney
 law enforcement jobs"
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump on saturday defended his decision to settle lawsuits over his trump university real estate seminars for $25 million
 possible choice for commerce secretary"
"shanghai (reuters) - chinese state media warned u.s. president-elect donald trump on saturday against flip-flopping on trade deals in asia
"seoul (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s national security adviser says north korea’s nuclear program would be given a high priority under the new administration
"(reuters) - jeff sessions may be known as a pro-business conservative but as u.s. attorney general he is unlikely to shy away from indicting big companies and individuals for serious white-collar crimes
 felons cloud north carolina governor race"
 opposes iran deal"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s plan to rapidly deport 2 to 3 million illegal immigrants with criminal records would further tax a system already stretched to its limits
"new york/san diego (reuters) - donald trump agreed on friday to pay $25 million to settle fraud lawsuits over his trump university real estate seminars
 romney
 others for pentagon chief: wsj"
"(reuters) - u.s. national security agency director admiral mike rogers is the leading candidate to become president-elect donald trump’s next director of national intelligence
 blunt u.s. general gets second chance"
 romney have said about each other"
"washington (reuters) - most americans want the media to present facts in news stories without adding interpretation
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump on friday named his earliest and staunchest supporter in the senate
 eu leaders agree to stick together
"washington (reuters) - democratic attorneys general in at least five u.s. states have vowed to fight president-elect donald trump in the courts if he rolls back obama-era regulations or adopts policies they view as infringing upon civil liberties. with republicans controlling the white house and both chambers of congress
"washington (reuters) - incoming u.s. senate democratic leader chuck schumer on friday said he is “very concerned” about republican u.s. president-elect donald trump’s selection of senator jeff sessions as attorney general and indicated there would be tough questioning in the chamber’s confirmation process. “given some of his past statements and his staunch opposition to immigration reform
 legal posts"
 says confident can build trust"
 eu leaders"
"washington (reuters) - most of the u.s. coal industry doubts donald trump can fulfill his promise to make the ailing industry great again in a country awash in dirt-cheap natural gas
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump has offered republican senator jeff sessions the job of u.s. attorney general
"(reuters) - attorneys for u.s. president-elect donald trump will try at a court hearing on friday to delay a civil trial involving allegations from students that they were defrauded by the now-defunct trump university.  the former students say they were lured by false promises to pay up to $35
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump planned a saturday meeting with mitt romney
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has offered retired lieutenant general michael flynn the position of white house national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - new names for possible appointees to u.s. president-elect donald trump’s cabinet have emerged
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump said ford motor co executive chairman bill ford jr told him the automaker would not move a kentucky plant to mexico
"(reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has often boasted about the strict confidentiality pledges he exacts from his employees.  now a legal challenge to one of those agreements is pending before a u.s. agency over which he will soon have influence
new york (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe said on thursday he was confident of building a relationship based on trust with u.s. president-elect donald trump. abe said the two talked about various issues but refrained from disclosing the contents of the meeting with trump because the talks were unofficial.  he made the comments in new york after a meeting that was intended to smooth relations following trump’s campaign rhetoric that cast doubt on long-standing u.s. alliances. 
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has offered retired lieutenant general michael flynn the job of national security adviser
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress could as soon as january start to dismantle president barack obama’s transformation of student loan rules by blocking freshly minted regulations designed to help students who say they were defrauded by for-profit colleges. the new measures
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s transition team is expected to receive its first briefing from the defense department on friday
"new york (reuters) - a meeting in new york on thursday between u.s. president-elect donald trump and japanese prime minister shinzo abe has ended
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative tim ryan of ohio said on thursday he was challenging house democratic leader nancy pelosi
"washington (reuters) - director of national intelligence james clapper announced his resignation on thursday and said it “felt pretty good” to step down
"washington (reuters) - two california housing advocacy groups have alleged that a bank formerly controlled by steven mnuchin
"washington (reuters) - some members of president-elect donald trump’s transition team can now begin work with officials at certain government agencies as they prepare for the new administration to take over in january
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is considering mitt romney
"(reuters) - arkansas attorney general leslie rutledge said on thursday she was open to working in the incoming trump administration
 pence have spoken with nearly 30 foreign leaders - statement"
"(reuters) - new candidates to serve in u.s. president-elect donald trump’s cabinet emerged on wednesday
"berlin (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama called german chancellor angela merkel an “outstanding” ally on thursday and said she might get his support if he were a german citizen and she decided to run for a fourth term as leader of europe’s largest economy. merkel
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump has been deeply impressed with u.s. senator jeff sessions
"berlin (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on thursday said it would be naive to expect a 180-degree turn by russia or syrian president bashar al assad
"berlin (reuters) - outgoing u.s. president barack obama says he plans to come back to germany at least one more time — to visit munich’s annual beer-swigging oktoberfest. “it’s wonderful to be back in berlin. this is my sixth visit to germany
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel said on thursday she would announce at the appropriate moment whether she will run for a fourth term next year
"berlin (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on thursday said he hoped president-elect donald trump could stand up to russia when needed
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives have decided to pursue a short-term measure to keep the government funded at current levels until march in order to give incoming president-elect donald trump more of a say on budget and appropriations issues
"washington (reuters) - officials in the u.s. military’s central command
"washington (reuters) - senator bernie sanders
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. director of national intelligence said russia was planning on expanding its presence at its naval base in tartous
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. director of national intelligence declined to comment on thursday when asked whether russia or those responsible for hacking the democratic party or democratic party organizations had shared any information with the united states or americans over the last year and a half.  “sir
"washington (reuters) - one day before u.s. president-elect donald trump’s first meeting with a foreign leader
"berlin (reuters) - president barack obama said on thursday he would support any move by president-elect donald trump to improve healthcare for amercicans. “trump says that he can improve the health system. i believe that if he is able to insure the same number of people - better than i am - i would support this
"washington (reuters) - defeated democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton called on wednesday for a renewed fight for a more-inclusive united states despite disappointment over an election loss that laid bare national divisions. in her first public remarks since conceding to republican donald trump last week
"moscow (reuters) - kremlin was expecting “signals” from the team of u.s. president-elect donald trump in order to establish contacts with the future administration
"washington/hong kong (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers should take action to ban china’s state-owned firms from acquiring u.s. companies
"hong kong (reuters) - a u.s. congressional panel has warned of an “alarming” rise in china’s interference in hong kong
"beijing (reuters) - a powerful u.s. senator said he is concerned that state-owned chemchina
"beijing (reuters) - whether president-elect donald trump goes through with a deployment of a u.s. anti-missile system in south korea will be a key indicator to how political ties unfold with china
"sydney (reuters) - australian prime minister malcolm turnbull became one of the first world leaders to speak to u.s. president-elect donald trump this week
 u.s. must avoid excessive mutual suspicion: chinese envoy"
 mcconnell elected top leaders in senate"
 policy slow to take shape: officials"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will vote to renew sanctions on iran for 10 years before adjourning next month
"washington (reuters) - a congressionally-appointed panel on wednesday called for the creation of a u.s. museum of women’s history
"new york (reuters) - new york city mayor bill de blasio said on wednesday he told donald trump during a private meeting that fear is gripping communities in america’s largest city over the u.s. president-elect’s vows to crack down on illegal immigrants. the democratic mayor and the wealthy republican new york real estate developer traded insults during the campaign
 abe told not to take campaign rhetoric literally"
"berlin (reuters) - european leaders and president barack obama on friday will discuss extending sanctions imposed on russia for its intervention in ukraine
"washington (reuters) - no newly elected administration is totally ready to govern on the first day in office
"new york (reuters) - former new york city mayor rudolph giuliani is now the leading candidate to become president-elect donald trump’s secretary of state
 u.s. lawmakers want response to russia"
 says czech president"
"washington (reuters) - a co-author of u.s. president-elect donald trump’s tax plan called on congress wednesday to pursue corporate tax reform as a bipartisan “jobs” bill that could finance a massive new infrastructure program while slashing business tax rates. stephen moore
"chicago (reuters) - the chicago city council on wednesday approved mayor rahm emanuel’s fiscal 2017 budget which calls for a tax on plastic bags and the first phase of hiring more than 900 police officers. the council voted 48-0 for the budget which begins on jan. 1. emanuel last month unveiled his $9.8 billion all-funds spending plan
 obama takes note of values he sought in office"
"london (reuters) - investors who sent copper to a 17-month peak on hopes for a splurge of u.s. infrastructure spending by donald trump may end up underwhelmed given that the plans
 obama and merkel stress benefits of eu-u.s. trade deal"
 in failure for populism"
"washington (reuters) - republican president-elect donald trump said on wednesday he was not trying to get security clearance for his children
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s transition team is weighing an “infrastructure bank” to make investments in the nation’s infrastructure
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. advisory commission warned on wednesday that china’s growing military might may make it more likely to use force to pursue its interests and called for a government probe into how far outsourcing to china has weakened the u.s. defense industry. the annual report of the u.s.-china economic and security review commission pointed to a growing threat to u.s. national security from chinese spying
"washington (reuters) - it will be a new day at the u.s. securities and exchange commission after president-elect donald trump installs his choice to run the agency. with trump’s transition team already in regulatory-relief mode and promising to revamp the dodd-frank financial reform legislation
 on last trip to europe
 sets syria sanctions"
"washington (reuters) - the white house said it received a signed memorandum of understanding from vice president-elect mike pence on tuesday evening
 eyes loyalists for cabinet"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has announced the two top white house advisers but still has many key administration positions to fill ahead of his inauguration on jan. 20. trump announced on sunday he will hire republican national committee chairman reince priebus as white house chief of staff and named stephen bannon
 mulling muslim registry"
"washington (reuters) - after winning a primary election that effectively clinched the republican presidential nomination
"washington (reuters) - white supremacists and neo-nazis have rarely
"washington (reuters) - an international criminal court investigation of possible war crimes by u.s. forces in afghanistan is not “warranted or appropriate
"washington (reuters) - paul ryan
 protesters clash in athens during obama visit"
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives nominated speaker paul ryan on tuesday for re-election to his post next year
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers told the top u.s. securities regulator on tuesday they are concerned her agency will rush out new rules in the final weeks that president barack obama
"new york/washington (reuters) - longtime donald trump supporter and activist investor carl icahn confirmed on tuesday that the president-elect is looking at wall street veteran steven mnuchin as his choice for treasury secretary and billionaire wilbur ross for commerce secretary.  “spoke to @realdonaldtrump. steve mnuchin and wilbur ross are being considered for treasury and commerce. both would be great choices
 says money not an issue"
" (corrects this nov. 14 to clarify details of bolton’s recess appointment
"new york (reuters) - this is not the kind of wall donald trump was talking about. in the liberal stronghold of new york city
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house democratic leader nancy pelosi agreed on tuesday to postpone the party’s leadership elections until nov. 30 amid discontent among some rank-and-file democrats over her leadership style
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico will need to show “enormous pragmatism” in its dealings with donald trump’s government
"austin
"washington (reuters) - republican representative tom price of georgia is under consideration to be secretary of health and human services during a trump administration
"new york (thomson reuters foundation) - thousands of people have made donations to planned parenthood in the name of vice president-elect mike pence
 gas production"
"united nations (reuters) - north korea does not care who is president of the united states
 pence meeting in new york on cabinet picks"
"washington (reuters) - retired neurosurgeon ben carson
"washington (reuters) - former new york city mayor rudy giuliani has emerged as a leading candidate to be u.s. secretary of state for president-elect donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. rep. kevin brady on tuesday said republicans should defend free trade and the party should defend the trans pacific partnership (tpp) in the new congress. “republicans are going to continue to support the freedom to trade
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on monday he would reassure u.s. allies during his trip overseas this week that republican president-elect donald trump plans to maintain core u.s. strategic relationships around the world
 ease regulations"
"beijing (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump’s administration should consider supporting a beijing-backed free trade deal in the asia-pacific
"san francisco (reuters) - demonstrations protesting the u.s. presidential election victory of republican donald trump entered their second week on monday
 obama says"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump recently announced the first major appointments to his administration but still has many positions to fill ahead of his inauguration on jan. 20. trump announced on sunday he will hire republican national committee chairman reince priebus as white house chief of staff and named stephen bannon
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s administration said on monday he would veto legislation seeking to block financial transactions related to the export of passenger aircraft to iran
 democratic setbacks cloud pelosi's future as leader"
"washington (reuters) - republican president-elect donald trump’s team has asked the white house to explore the possibility of getting his children top-secret security clearances
"washington (reuters) - the united states on monday described as “troubling” an israeli bill supported by a ministerial committee allowing settlers in the occupied west bank to remain in homes built on private palestinian land and said it hoped the law does not pass.  “we are deeply concerned about the advancement of legislation that would allow for the legalization of illegal israeli outposts located on private palestinian land
 including potential white house run"
 biggest hurdles"
"san francisco (reuters) - the california public employees’ retirement system’s chief investment officer advised the pension fund on monday to prepare for “greater uncertainty and volatility” until u.s. president-elect donald trump and congress implement their policy plans. ted eliopoulos told a meeting of the fund’s investment board that trump’s plans would likely be “positive for growth and corporate earnings
"(reuters) - the california public employees’ retirement system said on monday it shared about 14 percent of the profit made on private equity investments in the past year with firms managing the money. the announcement by the nation’s largest public pension fund marks a milestone toward greater fee disclosures for private equity assets
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on monday it was important for president-elect donald trump to send signals of unity after a bitterly fought campaign. at a news conference
"buenos aires (reuters) - donald trump’s election as u.s. president raises concern that washington may increase the intrusiveness of domestic intelligence gathering
 trump speak by phone
"new york (reuters) - continental resources chief executive harold hamm is at the top of president-elect donald trump’s list to serve as energy secretary
"berlin (reuters) - donald trump’s victory has been a shock for america’s major partners around the world. but perhaps nowhere has the blow been more painful than in germany
 mexico's pena nieto discuss u.s.-mexico relationship: white house"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on monday praised president-elect donald trump’s choice of republican party chairman reince priebus for his white house chief of staff as the best choice for getting things done in congress. “it’s a very
 congress pivots to lame-duck debate over spending"
"washington/marrakesh
 conservative firebrand for white house"
"new york (reuters) - demonstrators in major u.s. cities took to the streets on sunday for a fifth straight day to protest president-elect donald trump
 weighs other major hires"
"(reuters) - for-profit education stocks have surged on expectations that president-elect donald trump and a republican congress may ease regulations imposed on the industry by the obama administration
"new york (reuters) - facebook inc chief executive mark zuckerberg again rejected the idea that the social network affected the u.s. presidential election
"chicago (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump has requested that a trial over a lawsuit by former students of his now-defunct trump university be put on hold until after the presidential inauguration
"new york/washington (reuters) - hillary clinton blamed fbi director james comey for her stunning defeat in tuesday’s presidential election in a conference call with her top campaign funders on saturday
"new york/london (reuters) - leading brexit campaigner nigel farage visited donald trump at his home on saturday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. officials are striving to put finishing touches on a slew of banking rules before president barack obama leaves office and hands regulatory power to donald trump who has vowed to rewrite the existing financial rule book. president-elect trump will take over on jan. 20 and his fellow republicans will have control of congress and government agencies
"wellington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry said on sunday the obama administration would do everything it could to implement a global agreement to combat climate change before president-elect donald trump takes office. kerry made the comments during a visit to new zealand just before setting off to marrakesh
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe aims to underscore the importance of the japan-u.s. alliance when he meets president-elect donald trump on thursday
"ankara (reuters) - turkey warned its citizens about travel to the united states on saturday in response to what the foreign ministry called increasingly violent protests against president-elect donald trump. “within the context of risks caused by the incidents and of social tension
"washington (reuters) - congressional republicans are looking for the quickest ways to tear down obamacare following donald trump’s election as u.s. president
 draws in more"
 one shot in portland"
"(reuters) - one person was shot at an anti-trump demonstration in portland on saturday as protesters crossed the morrison bridge
"washington/new york (reuters) - president-elect donald trump began laying the groundwork on friday to take office on jan. 20
"boston (reuters) - the protests in major u.s. cities against republican donald trump’s surprise presidential election victory have been impromptu affairs
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump is considering outgoing senator kelly ayotte of new hampshire for the post of defense secretary
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama’s administration has suspended its  efforts to win congressional approval for his asian free-trade deal before president-elect donald trump takes office
"(reuters) - the trump organization said on friday it was vetting new business structures aimed at transferring management control to three of president-elect donald trump’s children and a team of executives. the trump organization said in a statement it was planning to transfer control of the portfolio of businesses to donald trump jr
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner reported personal income of more than $188.1 million in 2015
"(reuters) - president-elect donald trump told the wall street journal he is considering retaining parts of president barack obama’s healthcare law including provisions letting parents keep adult children up to age 26 on insurance policies and barring insurers from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions. the republican businessman during the u.s. presidential campaign called for repealing and replacing the affordable care act
"washington (reuters) - kathryn stellmack expects the world from donald trump. after listening to his speeches and casting her vote for him
"washington (reuters) - when jeb hensarling
 some migrants on mexico border give up american dream"
 u.s. voters are worlds apart"
 law enforcement"
 removes new jersey's christie: nyt"
"algonac
 congress to take on drug prices"
"washington (reuters) - after years of rising u.s.-russia tensions over ukraine
"belgrade (reuters) - british foreign secretary boris johnson
"washington/beijing (reuters) - the election of climate change skeptic donald trump as president is likely to end the u.s. leadership role in the international fight against global warming and may lead to the emergence of a new and unlikely champion: china. china worked closely with the administration of outgoing president barack obama to build momentum ahead of the 2015 paris agreement on climate change. the partnership of the two biggest greenhouse gas emitters helped get nearly 200 countries to support the pact at the historic meet in france’s capital. by contrast
"paris (reuters) - french president francois hollande and u.s president-elect donald trump had a phone conversation on friday in which they agreed to clarify positions on key issues such as the middle east and ukraine
 aid"
 refugees?"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. consumer financial protection bureau
"san diego (reuters) - the u.s. judge overseeing a lawsuit against president-elect donald trump and his trump university told both sides they would be wise to settle the case “given all else that’s involved.” lawyers for the president-elect are squaring off against students who claim they were they were lured by false promises to pay up to $35
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama and president-elect donald trump met on thursday for the first time
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democrats’ liberal firebrand
"los angeles/new york (reuters) - officials in new york and los angeles on thursday said they hoped president-elect donald trump would not follow through on a campaign promise to withhold federal funds from “sanctuary cities” that shield people who are in the country illegally. the nation’s two largest cities have sharply limited their cooperation with u.s. immigration authorities seeking to deport undocumented immigrants. president barack obama’s administration has used so-called detainer requests to target undocumented immigrants convicted of criminal acts
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama’s foreign policy legacy rests in part on a foundation of unilateral actions that his successor donald trump could reverse with the stroke of a pen. due to take office on jan. 20
"bethlehem
"new york (reuters) - a handful of small public opinion polling companies that bucked consensus and accurately called the u.s. presidential election for republican donald trump are reporting being flooded with calls from investors and clients seeking their services.  most pollsters wrongly forecast democrat hillary clinton as leading trump ahead of tuesday’s election in the latest fiasco to hit the $20 billion public opinion research industry
"(reuters) - jpmorgan chase & co chief executive officer jamie dimon did not support republican donald trump’s presidential campaign
"washington (reuters) - missing those presidential campaign highs and lows? suffering post-u.s. election blues?  whether you loved tuesday’s result or were dismayed
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on thursday sent a request to congress for an additional $11.6 billion in supplemental war-related funding
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto said on thursday he was optimistic mexico could come up with a new
"washington (reuters) - president-elect donald trump is strongly considering naming his campaign chief steve bannon to serve as white house chief of staff
"san diego (reuters) - the u.s. judge overseeing a lawsuit against president-elect donald trump and his trump university told both sides they would be wise to settle the case “given all else that’s involved.” lawyers for the president-elect are squaring off against students who claim they were they were lured by false promises to pay up to $35
 priebus top candidates for white house chief of staff: ny times"
"washington (reuters) - aides to president-elect donald trump are considering republican representative jeb hensarling of texas as a candidate for treasury secretary
 after meeting ryan
 healthcare and jobs in senate meeting"
"new york (reuters) - some of the most controversial proposals donald trump made while running for u.s. president disappeared from his campaign website on thursday
"chicago (reuters) - a former u.s. representative whose lavish office in washington raised questions about use of taxpayer dollars was indicted on thursday on charges of defrauding the federal government and campaign committees and attempting to cover it up
"washington (reuters) - getting more americans to enroll for health insurance under president barack obama’s healthcare law known as obamacare is a top priority of his administration until president-elect donald trump takes office on jan. 20
" (this november 9th story has been refiled to clarify that keyes comment in 3rd paragraph from end was said in jest) by andy sullivan and michelle conlin washington (reuters) - in a bitterly divisive presidential election
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on thursday u.s. president-elect donald trump’s foreign policy approach was “phenomenally close” to that of president vladimir putin
"new york (reuters) - donald trump campaigned for president as a savvy billionaire who would apply his business acumen to improving the u.s. economy
 economists brace for new dangerous game: parsing trump's words"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama believes in the right of americans to protest the election of donald trump in a non-violent manner
"(reuters) - former los angeles mayor and former california state assembly speaker antonio villaraigosa on thursday publicly launched his campaign to become the next governor of the country’s most populous state. with a new campaign website
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama’s oval office meeting on thursday with his elected successor
"new york (reuters) - republican president-elect donald trump vowed on the campaign trail to repeal obamacare
"new york (reuters) - aetna inc chief executive officer mark bertolini said he expected some benefits of president barack obama’s national healthcare reform law will stick under president-elect donald trump
"london (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump invited theresa may to visit him as soon as possible during their first telephone call since his election victory
"marrakesh
"moscow (reuters) - russia is ready to work on improving bilateral relations win the united states after donald trump won presidential elections
 wages"
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the house of representatives hope to offer president-elect donald trump an alternate plan to his proposed u.s.-mexico border wall
"new york (reuters) - wall street power brokers may have rolled their eyes in private when ex-goldman sachs group inc banker steven mnuchin agreed to be donald trump’s national finance chairman
"new york (reuters) - president-elect donald trump’s early list of potential appointments to top positions appears to reward people who were loyal to him after a campaign in which many republican party leaders kept their distance. jeff sessions
 obama pledge unity behind trump presidency"
"sydney (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry said on thursday he had told state department officials to fully cooperate with president-elect donald trump’s incoming administration. after trump’s stunning upset of the heavily favored hillary clinton
 mixed message on taxes"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. intelligence agencies will soon begin giving president-elect donald trump the same top secret national security briefings they give president barack obama
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on wednesday dashed any remaining hopes that president barack obama’s signature pacific-rim trade deal would come up for a vote before president-elect donald trump takes office in january. “it’s certainly not going to be brought up this year
"washington (reuters) - republican senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said repealing the obamacare health insurance system is a “pretty high item on our agenda” for the new congress that was elected on tuesday
"washington/new york (reuters) - one immediate consequence of donald trump’s stunning victory in the u.s. presidential race is that the identity crisis that convulsed the republican party during his tumultuous candidacy has been resolved. it’s trump’s party now
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto said on wednesday that he spoke to u.s. president-elect trump to congratulate him on his election win and the two agreed to meet before he takes office.  pena nieto also said he had discussed a new work agenda with trump that would include security issues
 hurdles in front of him"
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump fared better with parts of u.s. society than expected
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s successful campaign for the presidency may have rewritten the political playbook. here are key moments from his ascent. * june 16 - trump descends an escalator in the marble-lined atrium of trump tower in manhattan to announce his campaign and perhaps his best-known campaign pledge: to build a “great
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary ash carter pledged to oversee an orderly transition to a trump administration on wednesday and thanked pentagon employees for staying out of the political fray during the 2016 presidential campaign. “we must stay focused on our duty to confront our current challenges and any that might arise during this period
"boston/new york (reuters) - americans in liberal enclaves from new york to san francisco reacted with shock and despair on wednesday to republican businessman donald trump’s defeat of democrat hillary clinton
"washington (reuters) - some republican foreign policy veterans who came out against donald trump during the presidential campaign said on wednesday they were sticking to their guns following his election victory
 despite voting obstacles: osce rights group"
"(reuters) - the 2016 election cycle had been a ratings boon for u.s. cable news networks
"new york (reuters) - transgender advocates vowed on wednesday to resist any effort to reverse or slow down an expansion of transgender rights made under president barack obama
 u.s. congress will agree on some issues
 including ours
"new york (reuters) - unions in the united states face sweeping changes to labor law and regulations under a new republican administration that is expected to tilt policy toward employers.     republicans will take control of the presidency and both chambers of congress in tuesday’s elections
"mexico city (reuters) - deportations of undocumented mexican migrants in the united states may start rising when president-elect donald trump takes office but the process will not begin soon
"(reuters) - within a few weeks of winning the white house
 trump finds pockets of latino support"
"london (reuters) - world leaders offered to work with donald trump when he takes over as u.s. president
"(reuters) - republicans will continue to dominate state legislatures in the wake of tuesday’s election
 nato braces for trump"
 now focused on unity"
' presidential hopeful juppe's camp says"
 supporters behind historic bid for u.s. presidency"
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump’s presidential election victory all but dooms major obama administration initiatives that are already tied up in legal challenges and gives him the chance to appoint a pivotal fifth conservative justice on the u.s. supreme court. democratic president barack obama’s signature 2010 healthcare law
"winston-salem
 looks to sanctions relief"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama hopes the u.s. tradition of people in power not using the criminal justice system against their opponents will continue
 hits renewable stocks"
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin congratulated businessman donald trump on his victory in the u.s. presidential election in a telegram on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama pledged on wednesday to work for a smooth transition of power with president-elect donald trump
 nz as trump surges to victory"
"los angeles (reuters) - california voters turned down a ballot initiative aimed at reining in rising prices for prescription drugs after pharmaceutical companies spent more than $100 million to fight it. the california drug price relief act
 not lobby
"boston (reuters) - new hampshire governor maggie hassan
"sevnica
 climate change agreement"
"riga (reuters) - european central bank ratesetter ilmars rimsevics welcomed donald trump’s u.s. presidential election win on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - republicans maintained their majorities in both chambers of the u.s. congress in a momentous election on tuesday in which republican donald trump won the presidency
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu spoke to newly elected u.s. president donald trump by phone on wednesday and trump invited him to a meeting “at the first opportunity”
"(reuters) - three california cities voted for a tax on sugar-sweetened beverages and another in colorado was likely to follow suit
 concerned after trump win"
"san jose (reuters) - the presidents of three central american countries congratulated donald trump on wednesday after his shock victory over rival hillary clinton in a campaign that focused on immigration issues. on twitter
 house"
"zurich (reuters) - donald trump’s u.s. election victory
"boston (reuters) - new hampshire governor maggie hassan
"islamabad (reuters) - donald trump’s surprise election as u.s. president has pakistanis wary that he may accelerate what they see as a shift in american policy to favor arch-foe india in the long rivalry between nuclear-armed neighbors
 trump's votes came cheap"
"united nations (reuters) - united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon said on wednesday he hopes the administration of donald trump will “strengthen the bonds of international cooperation” and described hillary clinton as “a powerful symbol of women’s empowerment.”  “in the aftermath of a hard-fought and often divisive campaign
"dubai (reuters) - the future leader of the middle east’s top foreign ally is
"moscow (reuters) - russia is ready to do its part to fully restore ties with washington following the election of businessman donald trump as the next u.s. president
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico was pitched into deep uncertainty by donald trump’s u.s. election victory on tuesday after a bitterly divisive campaign
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico’s foreign minister said on wednesday the country’s government would not pay for a wall along the u.s. border promised by president-elect donald trump. “paying for a wall is not part of our vision
 says shares his views"
"new york (reuters) - voters rendered a split decision on gun control measures in the election
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian president petro poroshenko said he hoped the united states would continue to support ukraine in its stand-off with russia following the victory of donald trump in the u.s. presidential election. “the president looks forward to a continuation of u.s support in two important areas: ukraine’s fight against russian aggression ... and also assistance in the realization of major reforms
 wants to work on trade
 many muslims voice dismay at trump win"
"sacramento
 but north carolina up in the air"
"(reuters) - republicans in missouri
"jerusalem (reuters) - prime minister benjamin netanyahu expressed confidence on wednesday that he and newly elected u.s. president donald trump can work together to bring u.s.-israeli relations to “new heights”. in a statement congratulating the republican candidate
"the hague (reuters) - dutch far-right politician geert wilders said donald trump’s victory in the u.s. presidential election was a sign that the west was living through a “patriotic spring” that would boost support for populist parties in europe like his own. wilders
 cooperation"
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s election as president raises the prospect the united states will pull out of the nuclear pact it signed last year with iran
"copenhagen (reuters) - danish prime minister lars lokke rasmussen joined other european leaders in congratulating donald trump on winning the u.s. presidential election but said the world now needs the united states “not to close in on itself”. “i have during the election campaign expressed concerns over signs that the us is closing in on itself
 warns of period of uncertainty"
 trump win creates uncertainty
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel on wednesday congratulated u.s. republican donald trump on his election victory and offered to work closely with him on the basis of the values of democracy
"tokyo/seoul (reuters) - republican donald trump’s victory in the u.s. presidential election will deepen asian allies’ anxiety about washington’s  commitment to post-war security arrangements in the face of a rising china and volatile north korea
 prays for 'enlightenment'"
"kabul (reuters) - the afghan taliban on wednesday called on u.s. president-elect donald trump to withdraw american troops from afghanistan. “our message is that the americans should draft a policy not to take away the independence and sovereignty of other nations.     most importantly they should withdraw all their troops from afghanistan
"berlin (reuters) - germany should act as a “bridge-builder” to u.s. president-elect donald trump and help clear up unanswered questions about his views on conflicts in iraq
"washington (reuters) - donald trump was right. countless others were wrong. the pundits and pollsters who said the former reality tv star could not win the u.s. presidency
"beirut (reuters) - iran’s president hassan rouhani said on wednesday that the u.s.  election results would have no effect on tehran’s policies
"london (reuters) - britain’s foreign secretary boris johnson
 break windows in california"
 clinton fails to reach the mountaintop"
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish prime minister binali yildirim said on wednesday he hoped for an improvement in ties with the united states after donald trump’s election victory
"edinburgh (reuters) - scotland’s first minister nicola sturgeon congratulated donald trump on winning the u.s. presidential election on wednesday but said many would feel anxious about his victory. “it is normal in any election for those on the losing side to feel disappointment
"moscow (reuters) - suggestions russia interfered in the u.s. presidential election are absurd and a renewed dialogue is needed between washington and moscow
"(reuters) - they wore pantsuits to their polling places
"berlin (reuters) - germany’s foreign minister said on wednesday that u.s. republican donald trump’s victory in the presidential election was not what most germans had wanted and added that washington’s foreign policy would no longer be as foreseeable as it has been. “the result is not to be underestimated. the result is different from what most people in germany desired. but of course we have to accept it
"washington (reuters) - republicans maintained their majorities in both chambers of the u.s. congress in a momentous election on tuesday in which republican donald trump won the presidency
 congratulated him on win"
"brussels (reuters) - the european union must take responsibility for dealing with neighbors russia
 building ties"
"beirut (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump should stay committed to the international nuclear deal with iran
" (editors note: attention to language in paragraph 30 that may be offensive to some readers) by jason szep ellsworth
"berlin (reuters) - german vice chancellor sigmar gabriel on wednesday called donald trump’s u.s. election victory a warning for germany and europe
 says italy friendship with u.s. solid"
"athens (reuters) - greece’s far-right golden dawn party hailed donald trump’s election as president of the united states
"jakarta (reuters) - donald trump’s u.s. election victory may create fresh tension between the united states and the islamic world
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president-elect donald trump may try to improve ties with russia
 republican chairman priebus emerges as key adviser"
 trump's 'deplorables' shake up the elite"
"brussels (reuters) - european parliament president martin schulz on wednesday said he hoped for a “rational cooperation” with donald trump as the next u.s. president after a bitter political campaign.  “it will not be easy because during the election campaign we heard some elements of protectionism
"vienna (reuters) - austrian far-right leader heinz-christian strache congratulated donald trump on his victory in the u.s. presidential elections on wednesday. “the political left as well as the aloof and sleazy establishment are being punished by voters and voted out of various decision-making positions
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish prime minister binali yildirim on wednesday congratulated donald trump on his victory in the u.s. presidential election
"london (reuters) - nigel farage
"budapest (reuters) - hungarian prime minister viktor orban congratulated u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump on his election victory on wednesday
"new york (reuters) - from plush penthouse apartments on the upper east side to bars in midtown manhattan
"berlin (reuters) - german justice minister heiko maas tweeted on wednesday that the world would be a bit crazier after donald trump’s victory in the u.s. presidential election. “the world won’t end but it will get crazier
"brussels (reuters) - belgium’s anti-muslim and separatist vlaams belang (flemish interest) party congratulated future u.s. president donald trump on wednesday
 looks forward to new era of closer ties"
"moscow (reuters) - the speaker of russia’s lower house of parliament said on wednesday moscow hoped for more constructive dialogue with the united states now that a new president had been elected
"kuala lumpur (reuters) - malaysian prime minister najib razak congratulated u.s. president-elect donald trump on wednesday
istanbul (reuters) - turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu congratulated donald trump on his victory in the u.s. presidential election on wednesday and said ankara would strengthen its “trust-based relations and cooperation” with the united states. he made the comments on his twitter account. 
"brussels (reuters) - eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini said on wednesday that the european union and the united states would continue to work together following donald trump’s election as u.s. president. “eu-u.s. ties are deeper than any change in politics. we’ll continue to work together
"paris (reuters) - the election of donald trump as the united states’ 45th president will make work “harder” for the european union
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s successful campaign for the white house broke every tradition and upended the political establishment with the same bluster
 online market"
"washington (reuters) - americans who had cast their votes for the next president early on tuesday appeared to be worried about the direction of the country
"(reuters) - colorado voters rejected a ballot measure on tuesday to create the nation’s first statewide universal health insurance program
"washington (reuters) - republican paul ryan was re-elected to the u.s. house of representatives by voters in his wisconsin district on tuesday
 despite intimidation
"winston-salem
"washington (reuters) - americans voting in tuesday’s presidential election were far more likely to have been contacted by democrat hillary clinton’s campaign than republican donald trump’s
"(reuters) - a colorado judge rejected a request to extend voting time in the state past 7 p.m. despite an earlier computer glitch
"washington (reuters) - two-thirds of americans voting in tuesday’s presidential election favor moderate or strong gun control measures
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. presidential candidate donald trump said on tuesday he would have to “see how things play out” before accepting the election results
"washington (reuters) - the economy
 late-deciders in u.s. presidential race: reuters/ipsos"
"(reuters) - the following table lists each state’s poll closing time for the u.s. presidential election. times are shown in u.s. eastern standard time (us est)
"(reuters) - a nevada judge on tuesday rejected republican presidential candidate donald trump’s request for records from a las vegas polling place that the campaign said had allowed people to vote after a deadline last week. trump and democratic rival hillary clinton are in a close contest for nevada’s six electoral votes in tuesday’s election after a long and contentious campaign. nevada is one of several states that permits early voting
"austin
"new york (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton as president will have no policy mandate
"chicago (reuters) - a sexual abuse victim will continue to try to collect $1.8 million from former u.s. house speaker dennis hastert
 civil rights groups disagree over levels of voter complaints"
"washington (reuters) - election officials in three pennsylvania counties said they believed no ballots had been wrongly counted as a result of computer malfunctions
"lisbon (reuters) - wikileaks founder julian assange said on tuesday the group’s publication of material linked to hillary clinton was not based on any desire to influence the u.s. election. “in recent months
"(reuters) - in addition to picking the next u.s. president on tuesday
 but either is a likely ally"
 bear backs trump in siberian zoo's mock vote"
 whoever wins"
"moscow (reuters) - the russian foreign ministry has sent a diplomatic note to the u.s. authorities telling them that u.s. diplomats will not be allowed to conduct monitoring of future russian elections
"kokomo
"tijuana/nogales
"washington (reuters) - senior democrats said on monday their chances of winning control of the u.s. house of representatives had been hurt by the fbi’s surprise announcement last month that hillary clinton’s email practices were again figuring in a federal investigation. voters will go to the polls on tuesday to choose democrat clinton or republican donald trump for president
"washington (reuters) - democrats fell short in three u.s. states on monday in their legal battle to impose tighter restrictions on supporters of republican presidential candidate donald trump who plan to monitor election day voting for signs of fraud. the u.s. supreme court refused to reimpose new rules on partisan poll watchers in ohio after an appeals court struck them down
"new york (reuters) - both u.s. presidential candidates plan to watch tuesday night’s election returns in new york
"(reuters) - three members of the u.s. senate judiciary committee
"washington (reuters) - supreme court justices
 first u.s. woman attorney general
"aboard air force one (reuters) - president barack obama remains confident in fbi director james comey’s ability to the lead the agency in the aftermath of the probe of democrat hillary clinton’s use of a private email server
"washington (reuters) - personnel from the u.s. justice department’s civil rights division will be deployed to polling sites in 28 states to monitor tuesday’s election
"new york (reuters) - facebook said on monday it would partner with 50 broadcast stations
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton led republican donald trump by 6 percentage points among likely u.s. voters in a monmouth university poll released on monday
"(reuters) - hillary clinton’s signature colorful pantsuits got a shout-out from dozens of women who staged a flashmob in support of the democratic presidential candidate in washington d.c. dressed in red
"washington (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton holds a 4-point lead over republican donald trump in a four-way white house race
"washington (reuters) - a cbs news poll released on monday showed democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton holding a 4-point lead over republican donald trump
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton held a four percentage point lead over republican donald trump in the abc news/washington post poll released on monday
 clinton blazes a trail with white house in sight"
(reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton holds a three-point lead over republican donald trump in the final bloomberg politics-selzer & co poll released on monday. the poll showed clinton leading trump by 44 percent to 41 percent. libertarian gary johnson was at 4 percent and green party candidate jill stein was at 2 percent. 
"sterling heights
 trump says he is 'last chance
"new york (reuters) - the raucous
 clinton odds"
"washington (reuters) - the fbi said on sunday it stood by its earlier finding that no criminal charges were warranted against democrat hillary clinton for using a private email server for government work
"washington (reuters) - georgia’s two republican senators broke with members of their party
"reno
 nevada early voting could reap latino gains for clinton"
washington (reuters) - fbi director james comey told congress on sunday a recent review of newly discovered emails did not change the agency’s conclusion reached in july that no charges were warranted in the case of hillary clinton’s use of a private email server. u.s. republican representative jason chaffetz said in a tweet that comey had informed him of the conclusion. comey’s letter to congress informing it of the newly discovered emails had thrown clinton’s presidential race against republican donald trump into turmoil. 
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump won a legal battle on sunday when a u.s. appeals court in ohio removed new restrictions on partisan poll watchers that democrats had sought to prevent election day voter intimidation. the rules overturned by the sixth circuit court of appeals would have imposed greater penalties on people who harass voters during tuesday’s election. voter intimidation already is prohibited under u.s. law but democrats have pushed for greater restrictions in ohio and five other battleground states
 turnout worries linger"
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton holds a four-point lead over republican donald trump in the final nbc-wall street journal poll released on sunday. the nbc-wall street journal poll showed clinton leading trump by 44 percent to 40 percent. libertarian gary johnson was at 6 percent and green party candidate jill stein had 2 percent. clinton’s lead shrank from 11 points over trump the last time the poll was conducted in mid-october
"washington (reuters) - republican vice presidential candidate mike pence on sunday pledged donald trump’s campaign would accept a “clear outcome” to the u.s. presidential election but said both campaigns reserved legal options if there was a disputed result. “the campaign has made it very clear that a clear outcome
 bluster and insults
"washington (reuters) - several intriguing scenarios could unfold after tuesday’s u.s. election to break the deadlock over filling a supreme court vacancy that has provoked a bitter nine-month standoff between president barack obama and senate republicans. obama nominated u.s. appeals court judge merrick garland on march 16 to replace long-serving conservative justice antonin scalia
"(reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton holds a five-point lead over republican donald trump in the latest washington post-abc tracking poll released early on sunday. in the post-abc poll released on friday
"london (reuters) - he turned “you’re fired” into his reality show catch-phrase
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. secret service said on saturday night an incident at a campaign event for republican presidential candidate donald trump in reno
"reno
 rural mexico prays for trump defeat"
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on saturday ordered an arizona state law that restricts the collection of ballots by third parties back in place for tuesday’s election
 trump clash over economy in final campaign stretch"
 successor"
"new york (reuters) - two former associates of new jersey governor chris christie were convicted on friday for their roles in the “bridgegate” lane closure scandal
"washington (reuters) - long-frustrated backers of statehood for the district of columbia are pinning their hopes on a first-ever referendum on tuesday in a long-shot bid to become the 51st u.s. state. invoking the colonial-era demand of “no taxation without representation
"san francisco (reuters) - californians are expected to pass a ballot measure on election day legalizing recreational marijuana
"fayetteville
"cleveland (reuters) - as a perennial swing state and one that yields 18 electoral college votes
"(reuters) - the roman catholic diocese of san diego denounced one of its parishes on friday after its worshippers were told that voting for democrats is a “mortal sin” that could lead to an eternity in hell. the diocese said the immaculate conception catholic church in the neighborhood of old town made the statement in an insert to a weekly leaflet given to churchgoers on oct. 16
"denver (reuters) - a federal judge in colorado blocked enforcement of a 19th-century state law that bans voters from showing a completed ballot to others
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on friday that he does not believe fbi director james comey was trying to influence the presidential election when he decided the agency would examine newly discovered emails in its probe of hillary clinton’s private server. “now i’ve said before and i’ll say again
"new york (reuters) - the clinton foundation has confirmed it accepted a $1 million gift from qatar while hillary clinton was u.s. secretary of state without informing the state department
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on friday put a restrictive republican-backed arizona ballot-collection law on hold until after tuesday’s election
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. judge in ohio ordered republican presidential candidate donald trump’s campaign on friday not to intimidate voters as voting-rights advocates scored a string of last-minute victories in several politically competitive states. the ruling by u.s. district court judge james gwin creates the possibility of fines or jail time for trump allies who harass voters
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton leads republican donald trump by 2 percentage points in the white house race
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton leads republican donald trump by 4 percentage points in a four-war race for the nov. 8 election
"(reuters) - a state judge on friday struck down a kansas voter registration system that would have prevented people from voting in state and local elections unless they show proof of u.s. citizenship. the judge ruled that the loss of voting rights for more than 18
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton leads republican donald trump by 2 percentage points in a four-way race
" (editors note: attention to language in the second paragraph that some readers may find offensive.) (reuters) - a local north carolina republican headquarters was spray-painted with an anti-donald trump message early on friday
" (this version of the november 3 story officially corrects paragraph 13 to read chapel hill
 infrastructure bond measures fill u.s. ballots"
"(reuters) - republicans and democrats will battle in a dozen u.s. states that will hold elections for governor on tuesday
"madrid (reuters) - the madrid wax museum on friday unveiled clay busts of u.s. presidential hopefuls hillary clinton and donald trump as they gear up for tuesday’s vote
 few new steps on violence"
 colorado"
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton leads republican donald trump by 3 percentage points nationally in a washington post-abc tracking poll released on friday. clinton drew 47 percent of the vote in the survey compared with trump’s 44 percent four days before tuesday’s presidential election
"winston-salem
 prepares for clinton"
 sugar taxes across the united states"
"concord
 many big funds stay aggressive but cash tempts"
" new york (reuters) - the race for the oval office tightened significantly in the past week
"sydney (reuters) - the death of australian batsman phillip hughes was a ‘tragic accident’ and not as a result of a failure to enforce the rules of the game or inadequate safety equipment
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan is running again for the job in the next congress
"washington (reuters) - in a blow to republican presidential candidate donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration issued a fresh warning on thursday about the dangers of congress failing to pass its asian trade deal
"washington (reuters) - fbi director james comey was driven in part by a fear of leaks from within his agency when he decided to tell congress the fbi was investigating newly discovered emails related to hillary clinton
"(reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton and republican candidate donald trump are in a tight race ahead of the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election. following is a roundup of wall street’s take on the likely outcome of the u.s. elections.  analysts still expect a clinton win
 hopes to visit again"
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump wants his campaign finance chairman
' leaks"
"san francisco (reuters) - a federal judge in california has ruled that it is too close to the nov. 8 election to change a longstanding law in the state that bans the taking of photos of marked ballots
 with caveats"
"washington (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton maintained her narrow lead over republican rival donald trump in the u.s. presidential race just days ahead of the nov. 8 election
 u.s. coal country sees millennials as key to revival"
' more voters trust clinton on trade: reuters/ipsos poll"
 clinton blast each other on character; clinton rises in poll"
"washington (reuters) - massive government investment in china’s semiconductor industry risks distorting the global market for integrated circuits
"washington (reuters) - twelve u.s. senators urged on wednesday that a national security review panel reject chinese aluminum giant zhongwang international group ltd’s proposed $2.3 billion purchase of u.s. aluminum products maker aleris corp. the senators asked treasury secretary jack lew in a letter to launch a review of the deal by the committee on foreign investments in the united states and “ultimately reject it” on grounds that it would damage the u.s. defense industrial base.  “zhongwang’s purchase of aleris would directly undermine our national security
 vandalized with 'vote trump'"
" jackson
"(reuters) - disgraced former u.s. representative anthony weiner has checked into a rehab facility that treats sex addiction
 same as before fbi announcement: reuters/ipsos"
"longview
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on wednesday agreed to revisit a challenge to an arizona voting law which restricted the ability of advocates to collect absentee ballots by hand.  a three judge 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals had earlier upheld the arizona law
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump raised $100 million in october from “small-dollar” donors
"washington (reuters) - a ku klux klan newspaper has declared support for donald trump’s republican run for u.s. president
"(reuters) - statements donald trump has made during his presidential run should generally be admissible in an upcoming civil trial over alleged fraud at his trump university venture
 tim kaine cancel iowa event after police shooting"
"new york (reuters) - gun safety advocates are pouring tens of millions of dollars into maine and nevada to support ballot initiatives that would mandate background checks for gun sales in an effort to clinch state-level victories after years of failed drives in congress. the avalanche of money spent on supporting such initiatives ahead of the nov. 8 vote could hand gun control organizations their biggest win since they failed to secure the passage of federal legislation after the massacre of 26 children and educators at a newtown
"washington/ft. lauderdale
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton began her presidential campaign by promising to do what it takes to rein in wall street. boosted by wall street’s toughest critics
"(reuters) - u.s. senator chuck grassley asked the department of defense and the department of veterans affairs on tuesday to explain spending trends for the epipen emergency allergy treatment. the request followed a recent report by reuters detailing how epipen price hikes by manufacturer mylan nv had added millions to u.s. department of defense spending since 2008 as the agency covered more prescriptions for the lifesaving allergy shot at near retail prices. “we know the price increase for epipens is hitting individual consumers and medicare and medicaid
"(reuters) - low gas prices and president barack obama’s high approval ratings are key factors that favor democrat hillary clinton winning the white house in next week’s election
 congress races"
"berlin (reuters) - after a year of disappointment
"new delhi (reuters) - the u.s. embassy in new delhi issued a security message to american citizens in india on tuesday to be vigilant following reports that islamic state may be planning to attack targets there. “recent indian media reports indicate isil’s desire to attack targets in india
 a spelling error could cost you your vote"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department halted the planned sale of some 26
 china criticizes trump plan to exit climate change pact"
"new york (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton held a five percentage point lead over republican rival donald trump
"new york (reuters) - whether fbi director james comey broke the law may hinge on whether he had political motivations or was merely doing his job by reviving democrat hillary clinton’s email controversy just days before the nov. 8 presidential election. richard painter
"washington (reuters) - democratic party officials sued republican presidential candidate donald trump in four battleground states on monday
"grand rapids
"washington (reuters) - billionaire technology investor peter thiel
 brazile part ways amid renewed wikileaks controversy"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general loretta lynch did not order fbi director james comey to withhold from congress the discovery of emails potentially related to the investigation into hillary clinton’s email server
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama believes fbi director james comey is a man of integrity and is not trying to influence the u.s. presidential election by announcing scrutiny of additional emails linked to democrat hillary clinton’s private server
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. state department spokesman said on monday that to his knowledge the fbi had not asked the department for anything in connection with its renewed scrutiny of emails linked to a private server used by former secretary of state hillary clinton. state department spokesman john kirby said as far as he knew
"kent
"october 31 (reuters) - although the sale of marijuana is a federal crime
"oslo (reuters) - backers of a global accord to fight climate change that formally comes into force on friday say they are confident the deal can survive any legal challenges by u.s. republican candidate donald trump if he wins next week’s presidential election. trump has threatened to reject the accord negotiated by nearly 200 governments
"(reuters) - a petition to the white house to halt the u.s. navy’s abolition of sailors’ traditional ratings that are more than two centuries old has topped 100
"geneva (reuters) - syria’s political opposition hopes hillary clinton wins the u.s. presidential election next week because she has a better understanding of the conflict than donald trump
"washington (reuters) - federal investigators have secured a warrant to examine newly discovered emails related to hillary clinton’s private server
"havana (reuters) - a woman in a floaty dress wrestles a minotaur who reflects her inner demons in “errand into the maze”
"phoenix (reuters) - sensing a potential turning point
"daytona beach
"aherlow
"new york (reuters) - with 11 days to go before the u.s. presidential election
"miami (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton
"new york (reuters) - anthony weiner
"washington/new york (reuters) - the fbi is investigating more emails as part of a probe into hillary clinton’s use of a private email system
"new york (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton’s lead over republican rival donald trump widened to 6 percentage points in the latest reuters/ipsos u.s. presidential tracking poll
 virginia charged with voter fraud"
"cedar rapids
"new york (reuters) - in the crucial last weeks of the u.s. presidential campaign
 no injuries"
"des moines
"washington (reuters) - newly discovered emails related to an investigation into a private email server used by democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton were found on a separate device during an unrelated probe
 ex-congressman: nyt"
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of hillary clinton’s presidential campaign said on friday that the campaign was “confident” the fbi would again recommend against pressing charges against the former secretary of state relating to her use of a private email server once it wraps up the latest leg of its investigation. “the (fbi) director owes it to the american people to immediately provide the full details of what he is now examining
"aboard air force one (reuters) - the white house on friday said it was not given any prior notice on the fbi’s announcement that it was investigating additional emails relating to hillary clinton’s use of a private email system. “we did not have advance warning
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on friday agreed for the first time to rule on transgender rights in a case in which a virginia public school district is fighting to prevent a female-born transgender high school student from using the boys’ bathroom. the justices agreed to hear the gloucester county school board’s appeal of a lower court’s april 19 ruling that transgender students are protected under u.s. laws barring sex-based discrimination. the case involves a 17-year-old transgender student named gavin grimm
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden said on friday he is not interested in serving under democrat hillary clinton if she is elected president. “i’ll do anything i can if hillary’s elected to help her
"(reuters) - at least 12 women have accused u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump of sexual advances and groping. among his accusers are a miss utah beauty pageant winner
"washington/new york (reuters) - the fbi is investigating more emails as part of a probe into hillary clinton’s use of a private email system
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on friday renewed his call for u.s. intelligence officials to stop giving hillary clinton classified briefing typically given to presidential candidates in the wake of fbi director james comey’s letter citing additional emails now under review. “this decision
 trump calls it 'dismal'"
"washington (reuters) - donald trump has given $10 million of his personal money to his presidential campaign in an effort to boost his white house bid 11 days before the nov. 8 election
"newark
"washington (reuters) - vice president joe biden tops a short list for secretary of state that is being compiled by the transition team of democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton
"helsinki (reuters) - a former miss finland has accused u.s. presidential candidate donald trump of groping her in 2006 when she was representing the country in the miss universe beauty contest. ninni laaksonen told the ilta-sanomat newspaper that the  republican presidential nominee had grabbed her behind before she appeared on a television show in new york with other contestants. “he really grabbed my butt. i don’t think anybody saw it but i flinched and thought: ‘what is happening?’
"washington (reuters) - most republicans believe russia is attempting to influence the u.s. presidential election
 but pollsters say their job is harder"
 says he should be handed victory"
"brasilia (reuters) - a brazilian prosecutor investigating potentially corrupt investments made by state pension funds said the real estate company run by republican presidential candidate donald trump appears to have benefited “suspiciously” from a massive redevelopment of rio de janeiro’s port ahead of the olympics. the development
"geneva
"new york (reuters) - with the u.s. election just days away
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on thursday urged more than 25
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama shortened the prison sentences for 98 convicts serving time for drug-related offenses in his latest round of commutations
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of lawmakers in the u.s. congress on thursday asked the justice department to clarify how a looming rule change to the government’s hacking powers could impact privacy rights of innocent americans. the change
"krasnaya polyana
"krasnaya polyana (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on thursday that u.s. presidential candidate donald trump behaved extravagantly during his campaign because he represented ordinary voters and wanted to get his message across. “he has chosen a method to get through to voters’ hearts
 twitter generates buzz not cash"
"new york (reuters) - two aides in charge of running hillary clinton’s presidential campaign were taken aback as news broke in march 2015 of clinton’s use of private email for her work as u.s. secretary of state
 losing on the ground: uncertainty clouds u.s. voting rights"
"caracas (reuters) - in a curious convergence of events on the same day last week
"krasnaya polyana
"newark
"(reuters) - the arkansas supreme court struck down on thursday one of two proposals in the november election to allow for the use of medical marijuana in the state
"washington (reuters) - melania trump will give two or three speeches in the final days of the u.s. presidential race
"washington (reuters) - next month’s senate election in wisconsin could gain silicon valley a key ally in washington in the high-tech industry’s battle against the u.s. government’s growing appetite for more access to private data.  democrat russ feingold
 trump fans rally in jerusalem's old city"
 rather than trump
"charlotte
 kerry urges congress to ratify pacific trade pact"
"aboard clinton campaign plane (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton said on wednesday the proposed tie-up between at&t inc and time warner inc raised concerns that needed study. “i think it raises questions and concerns
"(reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton and republican candidate donald trump are in a tight race ahead of the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election.  following is a weekly roundup of financial market analysts’ views on the likely outcome of the u.s. elections and the possible implications of a trump or clinton win on financial markets.   more coverage: bit.ly/2dogcoe see related factbox: reut.rs/2ewdrdg larry biegelsen
"(reuters) - the democratic national committee on wednesday asked a u.s. judge to hold the republican national committee in contempt of court over allegations that donald trump encouraged his supporters to intimidate minority voters. the dnc accused republicans in a court filing of violating a longstanding consent decree
"united nations (reuters) - the united states on wednesday abstained for the first time from a united nations general assembly vote on a resolution calling for an end to a u.s. economic embargo on cuba
"washington (reuters) - the republican party’s two-year run in the majority of the u.s. senate is at serious risk and may well end on nov. 8
"(reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump on wednesday called for a “21st century” version of the 1933 glass-steagall law that required the separation of commercial and investment banking
"los angeles (reuters) - donald trump’s star on the hollywood walk of fame was defaced by a vandal wielding a sledgehammer and a pick-axe on wednesday in an act captured on video
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton will hold her election night rally in new york city
000 to trump"
 harvard poll finds"
"chicago (reuters) - the republican party’s grip on u.s. state legislatures could loosen in next month’s election as democrats seek to link republican candidates to the sinking fortunes of the party’s white house candidate
"washington (reuters) - the united states has received no formal communication from the philippines government about making specific changes to the alliance between the two countries
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. policy of trying to persuade north korea to give up its nuclear weapons “is probably a lost cause” and the best that could be hoped for is a cap on the country’s nuclear capability
"washington (reuters) - u.s. policy is to achieve a verifiable denuclearization of the korean peninsula
" doral
"doral
"(reuters) - below are the highlights from reuters’ oct. 25 exclusive interview with republican presidential nominee donald trump.  “(hillary clinton) has no plan for syria. look
 trump warns of world war three"
"washington (reuters) - the republican leaders of the u.s. house of representatives plan a vote as soon as mid-november on a 10-year reauthorization of the iran sanctions act
"los angeles (reuters) - the obama administration is evaluating whether an international agreement reached earlier this month to cut back on greenhouse gases used in refrigerators and air conditioners will need approval by the u.s. senate
 focus on race: sources"
"(reuters) - the obama administration on tuesday called on u.s. states to ban agreements prohibiting many workers from moving to their employers’ rivals
"washington (reuters) - obama administration officials briefed key congressional staffers last week about a secret court order to yahoo inc yhoo.o that prompted it to search all users’ incoming emails for a still undisclosed digital signature
"(reuters) - colin powell
"washington (reuters) - the united states is troubled by reports that an iranian-american man may have been sentenced by iran to 18 years in prison
 homes"
"manchester
"cuidad juarez
"washington/manila (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry is confident after speaking to his philippine counterpart that the two countries can “work through” a period of confusion caused by anti-american rhetoric from president rodrigo duterte
" (this october 24 story has been refiled to say “go” instead of “do” in second paragraph) by roberta rampton los angeles (reuters) - president barack obama on monday trolled republican presidential candidate donald trump - known for his prolific use of twitter to settle scores - making trump the punch line for jokes on abc’s late-night show “jimmy kimmel live.” obama read aloud a series of “mean tweets” culminating in one from trump: “president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!” “at least i will go down as a president
"(reuters) - the average premium for benchmark 2017 obamacare insurance plans sold on healthcare.gov rose 25 percent compared with 2016
"norristown
 tough stance on felons may sap votes for democrats"
"boston (reuters) - the exceptionally negative tone of this year’s race for the white house is souring young americans
"new york (reuters) - u.s. oil and gas industry workers have contributed only slightly more money to the campaign of democrat hillary clinton than to republican donald trump since the two clinched their parties’ nominations for the white house
"new york (reuters) - donald trump rode to the top of the republican ticket promising a “big
"las vegas (reuters) - president barack obama on sunday campaigned in the battleground state of nevada for hillary clinton
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto on sunday defended his decision to host a visit by u.s. presidential candidate donald trump to mexico
"new york (reuters) - prospects that the presidential election will inject a hefty dose of volatility into u.s. stock markets are fading fast as republican donald trump’s victory odds lengthen. a reading of positioning data on options tied to the benchmark s&p 500 index shows little pickup in demand for contracts that would offer investors downside insurance in the event that stock prices take a major hit right after the nov. 8 election. moreover
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton thinks u.s. regulators should closely scrutinize at&t’s (t.n) acquisition of time warner(twx.n)
 his son says"
"dubai (reuters) - iranian president hassan rouhani said on sunday the choice offered to voters in the u.s. presidential election was between “bad and worse” and that harsh exchanges in the debates pointed to a lack of morality in america
 promises to sue accusers"
"new york (reuters) - democratic candidate hillary clinton maintained her commanding lead in the race to win the electoral college and claim the u.s. presidency
"(reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump will lay out on saturday what he would do in the first 100 days of his administration should he win the nov. 8 election. trump’s outline - which he will deliver in a speech in the historic town of gettysburg
"(reuters) - donald trump
"(reuters) - preliminary analysis has found that a white substance that prompted the evacuation of hillary clinton’s campaign headquarters in brooklyn
 poll shows 'rigged' message resonates"
"new york (reuters) - donald trump has repeatedly called this year’s presidential election rigged and has coyly said “i will keep you in suspense” on whether he would accept a hillary clinton victory
 election comments"
"(reuters) - oklahoma voting officials have denied a request from the russian consulate in houston to monitor the nov. 8 general elections in the state
"san francisco (reuters) - donald trump’s attorneys asked a u.s. judge to bar accusations about his personal conduct that have arisen during the presidential election campaign
"washington (reuters) - philippine president rodrigo duterte has made too many  troubling statements recently that lend uncertainty over its ties with the united states and are at odds with their alliance
 say africans"
 clinton tension seeps into jokes at annual charity dinner"
 challenging an election loss would be tough"
"washington/delaware
"(reuters) - authorities in philadelphia will station prosecutors throughout the city on election day to respond to any reports of voter intimidation or other illegal activity after republican presidential nominee donald trump claimed that polling might be “rigged” in this mostly minority city. philadelphia is one of many u.s. municipalities wrestling with how to respond to trump’s call for supporters to “watch” polling places
"mexico city (reuters) - supporters of u.s. republican candidate donald trump unwittingly helped pick up the tab for a booze-up in mexico city on thursday
"washington/new york (reuters) - republican donald trump could go down as the least well-funded presidential candidate in recent campaigns - entering the final month of the election still without the cash to match the level of staff and advertising that has helped power the campaign of his democratic rival hillary clinton. with less than three weeks until the election
"(reuters) - u.s. intelligence and law enforcement officials are warning that hackers with ties to russia’s intelligence services could try to undermine the credibility of the presidential election by posting documents online purporting to show evidence of voter fraud. the officials
"phoenix (reuters) - embattled arizona lawman joe arpaio
"(reuters) - republican donald trump had one last chance at a nationally televised debate to reach out to the undecided voters he badly needs to keep his presidential campaign viable.  he passed on the opportunity. instead
 'nasty woman' rules"
 third largest ever"
"miami (reuters) - president barack obama said on thursday that his departure from office in january might be what it takes to begin to heal the political scars over obamacare and allow for needed fixes to his signature healthcare law. the 2010 affordable care act tipped off a long and bitter political and legal battle between the white house and republicans in the u.s. congress who said the 2010 law creates unwarranted government intervention in personal healthcare and private industry. republicans have been quick to highlight a recent barrage of negative headlines about rising health insurance premiums and shrinking doctor networks for people participating in subsidized insurance plans offered under the law. obama acknowledged the law is not working perfectly
"(reuters) - a federal judge on thursday ordered virginia to reopen its voter registration window and allow residents to continue to sign up through midnight friday
"(reuters) - several women have accused u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump of sexual advances and groping. among his accusers are a miss utah beauty pageant winner
' trump says defiantly after women's groping allegations"
"washington (reuters) - barbara comstock is trying to untether herself from donald trump in her re-election bid for the u.s. congress
 reserves right to challenge"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. partnership with turkey in countering islamic state is “very strong
"new york (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump stirred social media ire on wednesday after he said: “we have some bad hombres here” and referred to democratic rival hillary clinton as “such a nasty woman.” the remarks during the third and final presidential debate came as trump struggles to attract support from latinos and women ahead of the nov. 8 presidential election. during the face-off in las vegas
"tokyo/taipei (reuters) - women in the asia-pacific region expressed dismay on thursday about the u.s. presidential campaign’s focus on the emotional topic of sexual harassment
"washington (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton accused republican presidential rival donald trump on wednesday of being a “puppet” for russian president vladimir putin
"(reuters) - a federal judge in ohio laid out a plan on wednesday for the state to restore voting privileges for people who were illegally removed from the state’s voter rolls over the past five years. the ruling stems from a case in which the aclu and other plaintiffs sued
 protesters build 'wall of taco trucks' outside trump hotel"
"winston-salem
 slow growth loom as obama
"shermans dale
 poll finds"
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on wednesday it was ready to welcome any u.s. presidential candidate who wanted to improve relations after donald trump said he might visit russia if he wins next month’s election. “i want to remind you of president putin’s words that he is ready to welcome any candidates who stand for improving relations and dialogue between our countries
"washington/grand junction
"washington (reuters) - donald trump supporters who plan to stake out polling sites on election day may find their own activities tracked closely by thousands of civil-rights activists who are mounting a nationwide effort to prevent problems at the polls. the republican presidential candidate
"new york (reuters) - michael moore
"(reuters) - a federal judge in phoenix will hear arguments this week about resuming executions in arizona
" washington (reuters) - a super pac backing republican donald trump is buying tv airtime in parts of florida beginning this week for a commercial aimed at using first lady michelle obama’s words against hillary clinton to erode the democratic presidential candidate’s support from women voters in the battleground state.  the ad – which the super pac has already been running online – shows michelle obama in 2007 saying
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said donald trump’s embrace of russian president vladimir putin was unprecedented and said he was troubled that other republicans were supporting the republican presidential candidate’s positions on russia. “mr. trump’s continued flattery of mr. putin and the way he appears and the degree to which he appears to model many of his policies and approaches to politics on mr. putin is unprecedented in american politics
"washington (reuters) - italian prime minister matteo renzi on tuesday defended his campaign for a referendum on constitutional reforms
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on tuesday the united states is committed to helping europe address its influx of refugees
"washington (reuters) - the top republican in the u.s. congress dimmed hopes that lawmakers might end the embargo on cuba after president barack obama leaves office
 obama tells trump"
"boston (reuters) - former boston red sox pitcher
 not trump"
"green bay
"(reuters) - melania trump rose to her husband’s defense on monday
 wall street republican donors scatter largesse"
 clinton would fix the 'crazy' u.s. health system"
"hanoi (reuters) - vietnam supports u.s. “intervention” in the asia-pacific if it helps keep peace and stability
"(reuters) - republican candidates in tight races across the country have tied themselves in knots trying to decide whether to disavow or support their party’s presidential nominee
"new york (reuters) - a senior state department official sought to shield hillary clinton last year by pressuring the fbi to drop its insistence that an email on the private server she used while secretary of state contained classified information
 graffiti threat at republican office"
"newark
"green bay
"(reuters) - donald trump’s son-in-law
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump’s charitable foundation has stopped fundraising in new york state
"orlando (reuters) - ask john mica why he sticks by donald trump
"(reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton and republican candidate donald trump are in a tight race ahead of the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election.  following is a weekly roundup of financial market analysts’ views on the u.s. elections and the likely implications of a trump or clinton win on financial markets.   more coverage: bit.ly/2dogcoe see related factbox: reut.rs/2d9cl4q david kostin
"washington (reuters) - lockheed martin corp unit lockheed martin aeronautics co is being awarded a $743.17 million modification to a previously awarded initial production contract for f-35 lightning ii joint strike fighters
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump dug deeper in his efforts to cast doubt on the legitimacy of the u.s. election
"charlotte
"(reuters) - the local republican party headquarters in orange county
"new york (reuters) - silicon valley heavyweight peter thiel will give $1.25 million as his first donation in support of donald trump’s campaign after endorsing the u.s. republican presidential candidate earlier this year
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump dug deeper in his efforts to cast doubt on the legitimacy of the u.s. election
"(reuters) - republican vice presidential candidate mike pence said on sunday that evidence implicated russia in recent email hacks tied to the nov. 8 u.s. election
"goa
"(reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton’s full remarks to several wall street audiences appeared to become public on saturday when the controversial transparency group wikileaks dumped its latest batch of hacked emails. the documents showed comments by clinton during question-and-answer sessions with goldman sachs chief executive lloyd blankfein and tim o’neill
 trump revisits talk of 'rigged election'"
"goa
"edison
"incheon
" new york (reuters) - after a brutal week for republican presidential nominee donald trump
 news media"
 islamic state"
"winston-salem
 lifts limits on rum and cigars"
"seattle
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential contender hillary clinton leads rival donald trump by seven percentage points
"tampa
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton said in a private speech to bankers three years ago that the united states had warned beijing it would “ring china with missile defense” unless it did more to rein in north korea’s missile program
 records show"
"greensboro
"mexico city (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump was set to add mexican billionaire carlos slim as a target of his verbal attacks
"(reuters) - new hampshire’s senate race is a dead heat between incumbent republican kelly ayotte and governor maggie hassan
"washington (reuters) - it will be difficult for future u.s. administrations to undo president barack obama’s policy of easing trade and travel restrictions with cuba because of the benefits associated with the measures
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of 48 lawmakers in the u.s. house of representatives on friday asked the obama administration to brief congress “as soon as possible” about a 2015 yahoo yhoo.o  program to scan all of its users’ incoming email at the behest of the government. the request comes amid scrutiny by privacy advocates and civil liberties groups about the legal authority and technical nature of the surveillance program
"shanghai (reuters) - world number one novak djokovic hopes nick kyrgios can learn some “life lessons” after the australian was fined by the atp tour for breaching its code of conduct during a contentious defeat at the shanghai masters. the australian was beaten 6-3 6-1 by mischa zverev in a second-round match on wednesday in which he put in a series of half-hearted serves and appeared to be walking off court before the unseeded german had completed his shot. the 21-year-old
 aides expected to weigh syria military options on friday"
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration
"washington (reuters) - the death of thailand’s king bhumibol adulyadej on thursday  adds a new layer of uncertainty to u.s. president barack obama’s faltering “pivot” to asia less than a month before the nov. 8 u.s. presidential elections. the king was important in cementing the long-standing alliance between the united states and thailand after world war two
"toronto (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump can be pursued for some claims made by investors in a hybrid hotel-condo tower in toronto bearing his name
"washington (reuters) - a conservative nonprofit group that lobbies republicans to support clean energy policy will spend more than $1 million over the next few weeks to back 10 members of congress running in the nov. 8 elections
"washington (reuters) - with donald trump’s u.s. election prospects dimming and controversy swirling around him
 praise of u.s. republican candidate trump"
"new york (reuters) - kerry woolard
 says will provide evidence"
 rebuts claim of libel"
"washington (reuters) - former democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders and four other u.s. senators on thursday called on president barack obama to order a comprehensive environmental review of a pipeline project that has stirred widespread opposition from native americans and environmental activists. after a federal appeals court on sunday night denied a request to halt construction of the dakota access pipeline
"princeton
"moscow (reuters) - the russian foreign ministry accused the obama administration of destroying relations with moscow in the run-up to the u.s. presidential election next month
"moscow (reuters) - a foreign policy adviser to u.s. republican candidate donald trump has accused washington of contributing to an atmosphere of mutual contempt with moscow by disregarding russia’s interests. carter page
 two women tell new york times"
"(reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump’s support has sharply fallen in utah where a poll on wednesday showed him tied with democrat hillary clinton in a state that has voted republican in presidential races for decades.     the survey of 500 people from salt lake city-based y2 analytics also showed a surge for evan mcmullin
"washington/moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin insisted on wednesday his country was not involved in an effort to influence the u.s. presidential election even as wikileaks released another trove of internal documents from hillary clinton’s campaign. last week
 debate: reuters/ipsos poll"
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton’s presidential campaign looked for ways to avoid damaging its relationship with the white house as she considered how to publicly announce her position on the controversial keystone xl pipeline
"(reuters) - florida residents were given six extra days to register to vote in the nov. 8 election by a u.s. judge on wednesday following the disruption triggered by powerful hurricane matthew in the state last week. u.s. district judge mark walker in tallahassee extended the registration deadline to oct. 18 after the florida democratic party sued to seek more time. the original deadline to register had been tuesday
"greensboro
"ocala
"moscow (reuters) - the scandal that erupted in the united states over allegations russia hacked democratic party emails has not been in moscow’s interests and both sides in the u.s. election campaign are just using russia to score points
 cites possible yemen 'war crimes'"
"moscow (reuters) - it is hard to hold a dialogue with the current u.s. administration because it prefers diktat to dialogue
"(reuters) - parliamentary elections in september showed that russians do support their government
"geneva (reuters) - the world will be in danger if republican nominee donald trump becomes president of the united states
 mccain as 'disloyal'"
"(reuters) - the chairman of democrat hillary clinton’s presidential campaign
"miami
"greensboro
"new york (reuters) - hillary clinton’s campaign was worried about the “hard balance” she would need to strike as the presidential candidate prepared to oppose a pacific trade pact championed by president barack obama that she once supported
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump’s hardline rhetoric on immigration might not trigger the surge in latino voter turnout for which many activists are hoping
"washington (reuters) - an adviser to donald trump said on tuesday he could not foresee any circumstances in the short or medium term in which the republican presidential nominee would meet the leader of north korea if he became president. the remark appeared to take a step back from trump’s position in may
"washington (reuters) - donald trump said on tuesday he does not want house speaker paul ryan’s support after ryan broke with the republican presidential nominee over a leaked recording of trump making lewd comments about women. “i don’t want his support
 labor peace"
"san francisco (reuters) - facebook inc (fb.o) chief operating officer sheryl sandberg
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump reiterated his promise in sunday’s debate to kill the “carried interest” tax loophole that benefits hedge fund managers and others - but his tax plan offers other goodies for wall street
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday agreed to decide whether to block a lawsuit against former attorney general john ashcroft and others by non-u.s. citizens
"aboard air force one (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will consider a variety of responses to russia’s hacking of political party organizations and it is possible that any action may not be announced publicly
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday rejected a challenge by procter & gamble co and other companies to the way california imposes taxes on businesses that operate in multiple states. the justices left in place a december 2015 ruling by the california supreme court that california is not bound by a 1967 agreement between states that set a formula for calculating taxes. california
"washington (reuters) - khizr khan
 french lawmakers say"
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton’s campaign is confronting an emerging risk to her presidential ambitions - if donald trump continues to trail her in opinion polls many democrats may simply stay at home on election day. without enough popular support
 despite tape furor"
"washington (reuters) - paul ryan
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. republican donald trump has dismissed his vulgar sexual comments about women that surfaced on a video as “locker room talk
 wikileaks emails show"
"washington (reuters) - donald trump on monday suffered another political setback when u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan distanced himself from the republican presidential candidate’s troubled campaign. ryan
"new york/washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump plunged into a deep crisis on friday after a bombshell 2005 recording came to light in which he boasted in vulgar terms about trying to have sex with an unidentified married woman and groping women
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump released a video statement on facebook on saturday
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said on monday that house of representatives’ speaker paul ryan
"(reuters) - billionaire investor warren buffett denied on monday an allegation by republican presidential candidate donald trump that he
 clinton's white house chances 95 percent: reuters/ipsos states of the nation"
 but not the worrying"
"st. louis (reuters) - republican donald trump publicly broke with his running mate
"(reuters) - nbc has suspended television personality billy bush from the “today” show after fallout over the host’s 2005 taped lewd conversation with u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump
"new york (reuters) - wall street stock index futures were little changed throughout sunday’s highly contentious presidential debate
 traders bet on clinton win after bruising election debate"
000
" new york (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump paced
 clinton spend much of debate insulting each other"
"washington/st. louis (reuters) - the u.s. republican party on sunday confronted its biggest crisis in more than 40 years when its presidential nominee
" washington (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico’s peso surged more than 1.8 percent against the dollar on sunday ahead of the u.s. presidential debate
"washington (reuters) - some prominent republicans are urging donald trump to quit as the party’s presidential nominee after video surfaced of him making vulgar comments about women but any attempt to replace trump on the ballot would face huge legal and logistical hurdles. the real estate magnate has insisted he would never give up the white house race and wrote on twitter on sunday that republicans who are attacking him are “self-righteous hypocrites.”     with only a month to go before the nov. 8 election against democrat hillary clinton
" (editors note: attention language that may be offensive to some readers in paragraphs 22
"new york (reuters) - supporters of former democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders on saturday expressed anger and vindication over leaked comments made by hillary clinton to banks and big business that appeared to confirm their fears about her support for global trade and tendency to cozy up to wall street. clinton
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton leads republican rival donald trump by 5 percentage points among likely voters
 focus on defeating clinton"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government for the first time on friday formally accused russia of a campaign of cyber attacks against democratic party organizations ahead of the nov. 8 presidential election. “we believe
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump issued a video statement early on saturday in response to the disclosure of a 2005 videotape of him making lewd remarks about women. here is a text of his statement: “i’ve never said i’m a perfect person
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump
 environmentalists - emails/wikileaks"
"san francisco/washington (reuters) - a settlement with u.s. regulators gives volkswagen ag (vowg_p.de) too much authority over how to spend $2 billion on electric vehicle technology
"san francisco (reuters) - a u.s. senator and civil groups critical of surveillance practices on friday called on the government to release a 2015 order by a secret court directing yahoo to scan all its users’ incoming email
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama formally announced the lifting of u.s. sanctions on myanmar on friday by terminating an emergency order that deemed the policies of the former military government a threat to u.s. national security. “i have determined that the situation that gave rise to the national emergency ... has been significantly altered by burma’s (myanmar’s) substantial advances to promote democracy
"washington (reuters) - donald trump issued an apology on friday after the release of a video in which the republican presidential candidate was recorded on an open microphone in 2005 talking in vulgar terms about trying to have sex with women. “this was locker room banter
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of a u.s. senate cyber security subcommittee said on friday he planned to introduce sanctions legislation over “russia’s cyber criminals” after washington accused russia of political cyber attacks ahead of the nov. 8 presidential election. republican senator cory gardner said his legislation would require the obama administration to investigate those who have engaged in significant actions undermining cyber security and aggressively pursue sanctions when appropriate. gardner is chairman of the senate foreign relations subcommittee on east asia
"chicago (reuters) - president barack obama on friday cast his ballot for the nov. 8 election during a trip to his hometown of chicago. onlookers cheered as obama
"moscow (reuters) - kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said on friday u.s. accusations that russia was responsible for cyber attacks against democratic party organizations were “nonsense”
"new york (reuters) - two groups that support far-reaching curbs on legal immigration to the united states and ideological screening of would-be immigrants to test their beliefs say donald trump’s presidential campaign has consulted them on his immigration policy. numbersusa and the center for immigration studies
"new delhi (reuters) - donald trump sympathizes with india in its recent escalation of tensions with pakistan and supports skilled immigration
"new york (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump said as many as 70 percent of federal agency regulations could be eliminated if he is elected in november
"washington (reuters) - the national rifle association is on track for record spending this year on u.s. political campaigns
 wife of u.s. vice president
"washington (reuters) - donald trump has backed away from a total ban on muslims entering the united states
 islamic state
 economy
"london
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. republican party website selling campaign stickers and other political gear is among thousands of websites infected with a credit-card stealing virus that sent data to a server in russia
" (corrects this oct. 5 story’s headline to conform with quote from professor that a trump defeat would upset the verdict of history.) (reuters) - the forces influencing the u.s. presidential election favor republican nominee donald trump to win the popular vote - but even proven prediction models face “the most difficult election by far to predict accurately
"henderson
"(reuters) - america must work with all nations to build stronger economies
 putin's fourth
"new york (reuters) - an estimated 37 million americans watched the u.s. vice presidential debate between republican mike pence and democrat tim kaine on television
"washington (reuters) - the white house sharply criticized israel on wednesday over its plan for a new settlement building in the west bank that the white house says undermines the peace process and contradicts assurances from jerusalem. “we did receive public assurances from the israeli government that contradict this announcement
"washington (reuters) - ford motor co (f.n) executive chairman bill ford jr. said on wednesday he has met with donald trump to talk about the republican presidential candidate’s extensive criticism of the automaker’s investments in mexico. ford told the economic club of washington that he thought trump’s criticism of the no. 2 automaker’s foreign investments were “infuriating and “frustrating” because of the company’s extensive investments and employment in the united states. trump has threatened if elected to impose hefty tariffs on ford imports from mexico. ford told reporters after the event that the session with trump was a “great meeting” that took place a few months ago. “he was very thoughtful
"after going through a week reminiscent of napoleon’s at waterloo
"new york (reuters) - florida’s rapidly growing puerto rican population heavily favors democrat hillary clinton over republican donald trump in the u.s. presidential race
"paris (reuters) - the prospect donald trump could become president of the united states is “a big worry
"new york (reuters) - the scandal over improper sales practices at wells fargo & co extended to thousands of small-business owners
"haverford
"(reuters) - an illinois law allowing voters in highly populated areas to register to vote at polling places on election day was reinstated on tuesday by a federal court
"washington (reuters) - u.s. regulations
' most americans call it 'unpatriotic': poll"
"pueblo
"ottawa (reuters) - canada
"(reuters) - oklahoma’s highest court on tuesday struck down a law imposing restrictions on abortion providers
 brazil tackles unpopular spending reforms"
"vienna (reuters) - amid charges from donald trump that the u.s. presidential election could be “rigged” and concerns of rights activists that black voters may face undue obstacles
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday appeared ready to rule against a puerto rican politician who maintained he cannot be retried on corruption charges involving a trip to las vegas to watch a boxing bout after his original conviction was thrown out. the eight justices heard the first oral argument of their new term in the appeal filed by hector martinez maldonado
 trump's foundation ordered to halt fundraising"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump’s campaign defended comments he made on combat veterans and mental health on monday
"chicago (reuters) - indiana governor mike pence
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday declined to rehear a bid to revive president barack obama’s plan to spare from deportation millions of immigrants in the country illegally
 ohio
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday rejected a request to revive an investigation in wisconsin into whether governor scott walker’s campaign to withstand a union-backed 2012 recall election illegally coordinated with conservative advocacy groups aligned with him. the justices
"washington (reuters) - the white house expressed disappointment on monday in the u.s. supreme court’s decision not to hear a bid by president barack obama’s administration to revive his plan to spare from deportation millions of immigrants in the country illegally. “there’s no practical impact in terms of the implementation of this policy
"washington (reuters) - the investigative arm of congress has agreed to examine whether a panel that oversees foreign investment in the united states has the legal powers it needs to keep up with efforts by state-owned firms in russia and china to buy strategic u.s. companies. the government accountability office said in a letter to lawmakers released on monday that it would begin the review in about four months once the staff with the needed expertise were cleared of other duties. the letter was dated sept. 30. the study is being initiated in response to a request on sept. 15 by 16 members of congress
 saudi cabinet says"
 advisers say"
"charlotte
"washington (reuters) - a senior democratic lawmaker said sunday he had “no doubt” that russia was behind recent hacking attempts targeting state election systems
 pray
 trump ramps up attacks on clinton"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump declared a $916 million loss on his 1995 income tax returns and the large tax deduction may have allowed him to avoid paying federal income taxes for up to 18 years
 it's a trump-clinton rematch - of sorts"
 no sign of damage"
"berlin (reuters) - germany’s economy ministry believes a donald trump presidency would severely damage the u.s. economy
 clinton calls him 'unhinged'"
"new york (reuters) - puerto rico’s newly created federal oversight board set an oct. 14 deadline for the island’s governor to draft a fiscal turnaround plan on friday
"new york (reuters) - donald trump said he believed his assertion last year that mexicans crossing the border illegally are “rapists” bringing crime were “pretty mainstream” and should have attracted customers to his new washington restaurant
"new york (reuters) - an exchange-traded fund focused on mexico has become a weather vane for republican donald trump’s chances winning the u.s. presidential election in november
"new york (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton has a 5 percentage point lead over republican donald trump in the u.s. presidential race
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers expressed doubts on thursday about sept. 11 legislation they forced on president barack obama
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabia’s foreign ministry condemned the passage of a u.s. law that would allow families of victims of the sept. 11
 saudi september 11 bill becomes law"
"chicago (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton said on thursday that republican opponent donald trump may have violated u.s. law
"houston (reuters) - taco trucks in houston have begun doubling as voter registration sites as latinos in texas flex their political muscle before the nov. 8 presidential election in a state that has long symbolized mexican immigration to the united states. riffing on widely ridiculed comments by marco gutierrez
 usa today tells its readers"
"new york (reuters) - families of sept. 11 victims and others who may seek to sue foreign governments accused of supporting terrorism in the united states still face significant legal hurdles
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government will open the doors next week to a new agency
 aclu reach temporary agreement on voter id"
" new york (reuters) - a majority of americans say democrat hillary clinton won monday night’s presidential debate
 clinton under pressure to appoint tough wall street sheriffs"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on thursday signed into law the funding bill passed by congress that will keep the government operating until dec. 9
 government silent"
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that congress’s passage of a law allowing sept. 11-related suits against saudi arabia was “an abject embarrassment” and that the administration was willing to talk to lawmakers about narrowing the measure’s impact. “i think what we’ve seen in the united states congress is a pretty classic case of rapid onset buyer’s remorse
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on thursday there could be unintended consequences from legislation allowing relatives of sept. 11 victims to sue saudi arabia. “it appears there may be some unintended ramification of that (the law) and i do think it is worth further discussing
 bond may be delayed after u.s. congress vote"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress approved a stop-gap funding bill on wednesday that averts a looming federal government shutdown and provides urgently needed money to help battle an outbreak of the zika virus. passage of the bipartisan legislation came shortly after republicans and democrats ended a months-long fight over whether washington should provide aid to the city of flint
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress on wednesday overwhelmingly approved and sent to president barack obama legislation preventing government shutdowns at the end of this week by temporarily funding federal agencies through dec. 9. the bill
"durham
 unlock new aid"
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. senate foreign relations committee
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. federal health agency said on wednesday it had “expressly advised” mylan nv (myl.o) that the drugmaker had improperly classified its epipen emergency allergy treatment in a way that allowed it to pay lower rebates to state health programs. the disclosure comes as u.s. lawmakers and prosecutors are investigating mylan over steep price hikes for the epipen device which have rendered the drug unaffordable for a growing number of families. a least one state has launched an investigation into whether mylan failed to pay proper rebates to the medicaid program for the poor. the centers for medicare and medicaid services
 $800 million less than last year"
"fort lee
 eyeing cosby
"newark
"boston (reuters) - a 2014 new hampshire law prohibiting voters from taking selfies with their ballots on election day is an unconstitutional infringement on the right to free speech
"chicago (reuters) - underperforming schools in the cash-strapped city of detroit can be closed this school year
"chicago (reuters) - the illinois attorney general has appealed a federal judge ruling that blocks same-day registration at polling places in the state’s most populous counties
"aboard air force one (reuters) - the white house on wednesday slammed the senate’s nearly unanimous vote to reject president barack obama’s veto of legislation allowing relatives of the victims of the sept. 11
"chicago (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump on wednesday sought to allay the concerns of polish-americans who questioned him about his commitment to poland given his tough stance on nato and talk of working with russian president vladimir putin. trump
"boston (reuters) - the washington post on wednesday called on maine governor paul lepage to resign
"havana (reuters) - president barack obama’s nomination of an ambassador to cuba is welcome but he should still do more to normalize relations between the two countries during his remaining time in office
 matter for congress"
"(reuters) - testimony by a former ally of new jersey governor chris christie that the republican knew about the “bridgegate” traffic scandal as it was going on could endanger his best chance at a political future: a role in a trump administration. christie has denied claims he had been an active participant in the plan to deliberately create massive traffic jams on a key bridge to new york to punish a democratic mayor’s refusal to endorse his re-election bid. but each piece of evidence that ties christie closer to the scandal makes him more of a liability for republican presidential contender donald trump
"raleigh
"new york/los angeles (reuters) - the first presidential debate between democrat hillary clinton and republican donald trump drew 84 million u.s. television viewers
 islamic state
 economy
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate’s senior democratic tax law writer says he will rip up a root of corporate tax avoidance if his party wins senate control in november
"washington (reuters) - the fbi is investigating suspected attempts to hack mobile phones used by democratic party officials as recently as the past month
"melbourne
 setting up confirmation fight"
"washington (reuters) - the centerpiece of president barack obama’s climate change strategy faced a key test on tuesday as conservative appeals court judges questioned whether his administration overstepped its legal authority under an air pollution law to make sweeping changes to the u.s. electric sector. twenty-seven states led by coal-producer west virginia and industry groups are challenging the environmental protection agency’s clean power plan rules before 10 judges of the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit. they argue that the epa overstepped its regulatory authority under the federal clean air act when the agency issued rules to curb greenhouse emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants. the u.s. supreme court has put the regulations on hold while the case is litigated. tuesday’s highly anticipated arguments drew a crowd of hundreds at sunrise to watch the opponents face off against the epa
"chicago (reuters) - bonds sold by u.s. states
"(reuters) - a kansas judge extended voting rights through the nov. 8 election of about 17
"chicago (reuters) - a federal judge in illinois on tuesday blocked same-day registration at polling places in the state’s most populous counties
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on tuesday it was providing an additional $364 million in humanitarian assistance to help syrians caught up in the country’s civil war
"washington (reuters) - a stop-gap funding bill to avoid a federal government shutdown later this week failed to garner enough votes to move forward in the senate on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - republican party presidential candidate donald trump tweeted on tuesday that he raised $13 million in 24 hours from online donations.  trump
"washington (reuters) - a senior u.s. justice department official who oversaw efforts to prosecute islamic state sympathizers and pursue cyber criminals is leaving the obama administration next month
"washington (reuters) - opponents of a bill that would allow lawsuits against saudi arabia’s government over the sept. 11 attacks kept up their fight against the measure on tuesday
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton’s probability of winning the white house got a modest bump in online betting markets on tuesday
"(reuters) - democrat hillary clinton and republican donald trump traded barbs and accusations on monday in the first debate ahead of the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election. following is a compilation of reaction to the debate from investors
"beijing/tokyo (reuters) - hillary clinton put donald trump on the defensive and showed a better grasp of foreign policy issues
"new york (reuters) - republican white house candidate donald trump stole the social media spotlight during monday night’s u.s. presidential debate on at least one count - what twitter users branded his #trumpsniffle.  the wealthy businessman sniffed repeatedly as he faced off against democratic rival hillary clinton in their first debate
 trump struggles to be 'change' candidate"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton’s probability of winning the white house gained in online betting markets following the first debate of the campaign on monday night between her and republican donald trump. a clinton contract on the popular predictit betting market gained 6 cents from the previous day’s level to 69 cents
"minot air force base
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on monday avoided direct mention of a pipeline that has provoked high-profile protests from native americans but urged tribal leaders to use the spotlight to continue pushing for recognition even after he leaves office. obama spoke at his eighth and final tribal nations conference
"cannon ball
"washington (reuters) - democratic senator mark warner on monday asked the u.s. securities and exchange commission to investigate whether yahoo yhoo.o and its senior executives fulfilled obligations to inform investors and the public about a hacking attack affecting 500 million user accounts. “disclosure is the foundation of federal securities laws
"(reuters) - puppets resembling u.s. presidential candidates hillary clinton and donald trump squared off in new york city on monday a few hours before the real candidates were due to engage in their first debate. the puppets took questions from a human moderator on such topics as climate change and women’s rights. the event was performed by cast members of avenue q
 poll shows"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will vote on wednesday on whether to override president barack obama’s veto of a bill allowing relatives of victims in the sept. 11
"new york (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton has pulled ahead of republican rival donald trump in the traditional battleground state of florida
 trump endorsed by some bush alumni"
 trump endorsed by u.s. immigration officers"
"ottawa (reuters) - canadian diplomats are fanning out across the united states to talk up the benefits of trade with state and local leaders and counter what senior officials see as a worrying mood of protectionism swirling through the u.s. election campaign. amid voter anger about the supposed harm done by international trade deals
 trump: poll"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump on sunday told israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu that if elected
"washington (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton will press republican donald trump to provide more specifics on his policies in their presidential debate on monday
 it's voting for clinton - and keeping it quiet"
"washington (reuters) - republican vice presidential candidate mike pence said on sunday that gennifer flowers
"new york (reuters) - john kerry had heard enough. after last week’s bombing of a u.n. aid convoy in syria dealt a death blow to a ceasefire deal in which he had invested all his diplomatic capital with russia
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu
"new york (reuters) - a technician hired by hillary clinton to run the private email system she used while u.s. secretary of state told investigators he tried to pass on colleagues’ concerns that the system might not comply with records laws
"washington (reuters) - the new york times endorsed democrat hillary clinton for the white house on saturday
"cleveland (reuters) - ohio’s practice of rescinding voter registrations from people who fail to cast ballots is illegal
"newark
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton has postponed a trip planned for sunday to charlotte
 obama may leave successor 'problem from hell'"
 sets up showdown with congress"
 winning over women will be key"
 ted cruz endorses trump in u.s. presidential race"
"new york (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton had a four-percentage point advantage in support over republican donald trump ahead of their first u.s. presidential debate
 government agencies discuss possible shutdown"
"washington (reuters) - the white house on friday welcomed the latest plan from congressional republicans to fund the federal government past sept. 30 but said it was still disappointed in parts of the proposal
"washington (reuters) - most of the emails the fbi recovered during its investigation of hillary clinton’s use of a private email system while secretary of state will not be made available until after the nov. 8 presidential election under a timetable set by a judge on friday
"berlin (reuters) - activists from the online campaign group avaaz tore down a cardboard wall near the site of the former berlin wall on friday to urge american expats in germany to vote against republican nominee donald trump in the u.s. election on nov. 8. many identify trump with his proposal to build a huge border wall between the united states and mexico to keep migrants out; moreover
"washington (reuters) - donald trump on friday named u.s. senator mike lee as a potential supreme court nominee
"pittsburgh (reuters) - donald trump on thursday praised aggressive police tactics and condemned attacks on officers amid criticism of his plan to use “stop-and-frisk” tactics to reduce crime
"chester township
"los angeles (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton played it strictly deadpan while parrying decidedly off-the-wall questions from comedian zach galifianakis on his online parody talk show
"cleveland (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump
"san francisco (reuters) - a record number of local tax and bond measures will fill the california ballot this november
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. presidential nominee hillary clinton on thursday proposed raising taxes on inherited property to 65 percent for the largest estates as she bolstered plans for tax hikes on the wealthiest americans. known by conservative opponents as the “death tax
"washington (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton
"new york (reuters) - live
"washington (reuters) - a behind-the-scenes congressional battle to avoid a u.s. government shutdown broke into public view on thursday when republicans produced a stop-gap funding bill that democrats immediately rejected. the federal fiscal year ends on sept. 30 and congress must pass a spending measure by then to keep the government open. in recent years
"washington (reuters) - the top democrats on the u.s. senate and house of representatives intelligence committees accused russia on thursday of trying to influence the nov. 8 u.s. election via computer hacking
"richmond
"washington (reuters) - new york city mayor bill de blasio warned republican presidential candidate donald trump on thursday against embracing the “stop and frisk” police tactic that he said would worsen relations between police and community in the country. trump has praised the anti-crime tactic in which police stop
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama intends to veto by friday evening legislation allowing survivors and families of victims of the sept. 11 attacks to sue saudi arabia
"(reuters) - democratic u.s. presidential nominee hillary clinton and republican rival donald trump face off on monday in the first of a series of televised debates that could prove crucial to who wins the white house on nov. 8. the first debate will take place at hofstra university on new york state’s long island. the commission on presidential debates has scheduled two more such presidential matchups and a vice presidential debate in october. the rhetorical contests
"new york (reuters) - a federal judge threw out a challenge to a north carolina law that allows government officials to refuse to perform same-sex marriages if they cite religious objections
"moscow (reuters) - one of vladimir putin’s closest friends said on thursday he believed donald trump would be the next president of the united states and that western leaders were no match for the russian president. sergei roldugin
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate cleared the way for a $1.15 billion sale of tanks and other military equipment to saudi arabia on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - republican marco rubio
 says eu sanctions on russia at risk"
"new york (reuters) - former u.s. president bill clinton on wednesday called running his family’s charitable foundation one of the great honors of his life in a passionate defense against criticism of its work as his wife
"seattle (reuters) - a number of u.s. cities are introducing proposals to mandate community oversight of police use of digital surveillance technology as evidence mounts that black or poor neighborhoods are being more heavily scrutinized than others
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump opposes a long-planned transition of oversight of the internet’s technical management from the u.s. government to a global community of stakeholders
"(reuters) - kansas sought on wednesday to avoid a court ruling that could force the cash-strapped state to increase school funding by more than $1 billion. lawyers for the state and for public school districts faced off before the kansas supreme court in the latest chapter of a decades-long battle over equitable and adequate funding. stephen mcallister
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives would override any presidential veto of a bill allowing survivors and families of victims of the sept. 11 attacks to sue saudi arabia
"washington (reuters) - the european union on wednesday called on president barack obama to block a u.s. bill allowing survivors and families of victims of the sept. 11 attacks to sue saudi arabia
 lags with big donors"
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. congressional committee has launched an examination of the food and drug administration’s criminal office
 as trump challenges her credentials"
"new york (reuters) - china and the united states will keep developing positive relations no matter who wins november’s u.s. presidential election
"united nations (reuters) - both sides would benefit if israel recognized it cannot permanently occupy palestinian land and if palestinians rejected incitement and recognized israel’s legitimacy
"new york (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will raise concerns about israeli settlement activity in arab lands during a meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu in new york on wednesday
"(reuters) - u.s. senate lawmakers excoriated wells fargo & co’s chief on tuesday for his oversight of the bank as it opened 2 million bogus customer accounts
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton took on the wells fargo & co bogus-accounts case in a letter to the bank’s customers to be released on tuesday
"(reuters) - wells fargo & co customers aiming to sue the bank over bogus accounts opened in their names may be in for an unpleasant surprise: the fine print requires them to take their claims to an arbitrator instead of a court. mandatory arbitration rules inserted into account-opening agreements prohibit customers from joining class actions or suing the third-largest u.s. bank in court. instead
"new york (reuters) - the white house said on tuesday it is trying to persuade congress not to press ahead with a bill that would allow survivors and families of victims of the sept. 11 attacks to sue the government of saudi arabia for damages
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will vote on wednesday on a measure to block the sale of tanks and other military equipment worth $1.15 billion to saudi arabia
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. lawmakers launched an effort on tuesday to modify a $38 billion military aid agreement with israel by providing more money and easing controls on how it is spent
"washington (reuters) - hundreds of top scientists warned on tuesday against republican presidential nominee donald trump’s vow to pull the united states out of the paris climate-warming accord if elected in november. the 375 members of the u.s. national academy of sciences
"dallas (reuters) - former u.s. president george w. bush on tuesday entered the debate over the trans-pacific partnership
"new york (reuters) - the maker of skittles candies on tuesday objected to a social media post by donald trump jr. in which the republican presidential hopeful’s son compared admitting syrian refugees to the united states to eating poisoned pieces of the brightly colored
"(reuters) - republican donald trump may have gotten it wrong when he said the moderator of the first u.s. presidential debate next week between him and his democratic rival
 clinton seen going toe-to-toe with putin"
 trump vie for world leaders' attention in new york"
 paperless voting machines remain widespread in the u.s."
"new york (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe met u.s. presidential candidate hillary clinton on monday and stressed it was important for the united states to ratify the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) trade deal that she opposes
 china to step up cooperation on north korea"
"(reuters) - the united states and china are targeting the finances of hongxiang industrial
"los angeles/washington(reuters) - the 27 states challenging obama’s clean power plan in court say the lower emissions levels it would impose are an undue burden. but most are likely to hit them anyway. already
 clinton
"united nations (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama met chinese premier li keqiang on monday and urged china to accelerate efforts to address the problem of industrial excess capacity
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate will vote as soon as wednesday on a joint resolution seeking to block a $1.15 billion sale of military equipment to saudi arabia over concerns about the conflict in yemen
 clinton finds support at tv's emmy awards"
"winston-salem
 trump to both meet with egyptian president at u.n."
"new york (reuters) - u.s. society is uncomfortable with powerful women and that is why the united states has not yet elected a woman president
 new jersey's christie remains focus"
 new york
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s vice presidential running mate
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic vice presidential candidate tim kaine on sunday accused donald trump of inciting violence against hillary clinton after the republican candidate said clinton’s security detail should be disarmed given her support for tighter gun rules. kaine
"(reuters) - u.s. republican vice presidential candidate mike pence released a letter from his doctor on saturday declaring donald trump’s running mate was in “excellent” health. “you are medically able to maintain your high level of professional work and your physical activity programs without limitations
"new york (reuters) - an election analysis conducted in the reuters/ipsos states of the nation project shows that the race has tightened considerably over the past few weeks
"miami (reuters) - donald trump on friday called for disarming the bodyguards who protect his democratic rival hillary clinton
"miami (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump said on friday that if elected he would seek to reverse president barack obama’s moves to open relations with cuba unless the leaders there allowed religious freedoms and freed political prisoners.  “the next president can reverse them
 falsely says clinton started it"
"fairfax
"washington (reuters) - libertarian party presidential candidate gary johnson and green party hopeful jill stein have failed to quality for the first planned u.s. presidential debate on sept. 26
"paris (reuters) - edinson cavani silenced his critics when he scored four goals in paris st germain’s 6-0 victory at caen in ligue 1 on friday.     the uruguay striker
"washington (reuters) - ohio’s republican governor
" (this sept 15 story corrects “asked” in first paragraph to “raised with” california lawmakers) by gabriel stargardter mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house financial services committee has opened a probe into wells fargo’s sales practices and plans to call the company’s chief executive before lawmakers at a hearing later in september
 republican kasich meet to strategize on tpp trade deal"
 blasts mylan"
 unfamiliar battle lines on gun rights"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump
"lincoln park
"chicago (reuters) - london’s first muslim mayor
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on friday said he had better things to do than comment on republican presidential candidate donald trump’s announcement about the so-called birther question over obama’s citizenship.  “i’m shocked that a question like that would come up at a time when we’ve got so many other things to do - well
" (the september 15 story was refiled to correct to $4.4 trillion tax cut
"washington (reuters) - apple inc and other u.s. multinationals will face new curbs on tax loopholes under a rule imposed by washington on thursday
"london (reuters) - if the fallout from a huge eu tax bill handed to apple includes a push to encourage u.s. firms to bring more profits onshore
"washington (reuters) - five democratic u.s. senators have asked wells fargo if it plans to take back bonuses and other compensation to executives linked to the 2 million phony bank accounts that employees created to meet sales quotas. the consumer financial protection bureau and other regulators announced last week that they had reached a $185 million settlement with the bank over the scam. “...we write to ask whether the board of directors will invoke wells fargo’s clawback authority to recover any of the compensation the company has provided to its senior executives
"washington (reuters) - a u.s congressional intelligence committee on thursday issued a scathing report accusing former national security agency contractor edward snowden of leaking information that “caused tremendous damage” to u.s. national security
"greensboro
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump on thursday appeared to weigh into a debate over a controversial u.s. biofuels program with a proposal that would back the position of billionaire investor carl icahn
"washington (reuters) - donald trump jr. sought on thursday to clarify his remark that the media would be “warming up the gas chamber” if the republican party behaved the same way as the democrats during the u.s. presidential campaign
"greensboro
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senators questioned state department officials closely on thursday about corruption in afghanistan and said failure to address it could cause them to rethink the billions of dollars the united states spends there each year. “i don’t know what the political will here in the united states will be to continue to support the afghans in light of what is going on there
"washington (reuters) - concerns about coordinating u.s. derivatives regulation with that of other countries dominated a senate committee’s hearing on thursday to consider two nominees for seats on the commodity futures trading commission. members of both parties asked the nominees
"(reuters) - the virginia supreme court on thursday rejected a republican bid to have democratic governor terry mcauliffe held in contempt for his continued effort to restore voting rights to about 206
 but otherwise healthy: adviser"
 eu's schulz says"
"flint
 israel sign $38 billion military aid package"
"washington (reuters) - another u.s. republican senator has moved closer to re-election while keeping some distance from donald trump
"boston (reuters) - americans blame political gridlock in washington for the country’s declining economic competitiveness and hold both democrats and republicans responsible
 voter id vetoes"
 trump move to show medical fitness for white house"
 distaste for clinton in hacked emails"
"washington (reuters) - republican congressman michael mccaul
"washington (reuters) - hackers are targeting state democratic party officials and have successfully breached and impersonated some of them
"new york (reuters) - nearly half of american adults are “very concerned” about two issues that have hounded hillary clinton’s presidential campaign this year: her use of a private email server to conduct government business and donations to her family’s charitable foundation
"(reuters) - members of maná
"new york (reuters) - the bill
"washington (reuters) - democratic vice presidential nominee tim kaine is expected to release his medical records later on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on wednesday that a new $38 billion aid package will help ensure israel can defend itself from threats
 blames russians"
"(reuters) - new york attorney general eric schneiderman said on tuesday he had opened an inquiry into the donald j. trump foundation to ensure the republican presidential nominee’s charity was complying with state laws governing nonprofits. schneiderman
"washington (reuters) - mylan nl chief executive officer heather bresch will appear at a sept. 21 congressional hearing over price increases for its epipen emergency allergy treatment
"washington (reuters) - delaying or blocking a planned transition of oversight of the internet’s technical management from the u.s. to a global community of stakeholders would be a “gift to russia” and other authoritarian regimes
"columbus
" (this sept. 13 story corrects bureau’s name to federal bureau of investigation in paragraph 6
"(reuters) - the obama administration plans to increase the number of refugees admitted to the united states by 30 percent in fiscal year 2017
"new york (reuters) - billionaire investor carl icahn continued to throw his support behind the republican u.s. presidential candidate on tuesday
 ukraine next week: campaign"
 won't foster better ties"
"philadelphia (reuters) - with hillary clinton sidelined by pneumonia
"(reuters) - a british tourist who caused a security scare at a donald trump campaign rally in las vegas in june by trying to grab a gun from a police officer pleaded guilty on tuesday to charges of illegal weapon possession and disorderly conduct
 'details to come'"
"nashville (reuters) - a tennessee lawmaker was expelled from the state’s house of representatives on tuesday following accusations of widespread sexual harassment
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - critics of a plan for the u.s. government to cede control of the internet’s technical management to other countries might succeed in delaying such a move in congress
"winston-salem
"washington (reuters) - a house of representatives panel on tuesday approved a proposal to revamp the dodd-frank wall street reform law
"san francisco (reuters) - linkedin cofounder reid hoffman said on tuesday that republican presidential candidate donald trump would have a “terrifying” effect on domestic and foreign policy if elected. the comments came one day after hoffman published an article on medium.com pledging support to a crowdpac crowdfunding campaign that promises to donate to veterans causes if trump releases his tax returns.  hoffman said in his article that he will match five times the crowdfunded amount to donate up to $5 million. the campaign has raised more than $90
"london (reuters) - the u.s. economy could be $1 trillion smaller than otherwise expected in 2021 if republican candidate donald trump wins the presidential election in november
"washington (reuters) - the democratic leaders of the u.s. senate said on tuesday they expected the chamber would vote to override president barack obama’s promised veto of a bill allowing relatives of victims of the sept. 11 attacks to sue saudi arabia. it would be the first override of an obama veto since he took office in january 2009. the “justice against sponsors of terrorism act
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s advisers would recommend he veto a bill in the house of representatives that prohibits use of funds to transfer individuals detained at the guantanamo bay military prison to the united states or any foreign country
"washington (reuters) - american intelligence agencies are concerned about reports that foreign governments may be attempting to undermine the nov. 8  u.s. elections through cyber attacks
"washington (reuters) - it was classic hillary clinton
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan is expected to cruise to re-election in his wisconsin congressional district on nov. 8
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton is scheduled to return to the campaign trail on friday after taking a few days off to recuperate from pneumonia
 cyber command"
 trump to propose childcare deduction tax break"
 bad food
"washington (reuters) - major technology companies including facebook
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump opened the latest outpost in his real estate empire on monday
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said on monday that u.s. federal reserve chair janet yellen was keeping interest rates low because of political pressure from the obama administration
' clinton says of pneumonia bout"
"sacramento
"(reuters) - president barack obama on monday urged u.s. insurers offering coverage next year under his national healthcare law to step up their efforts to enroll those who remain uninsured
 zika funds after meeting congress leaders"
"washington (reuters) - former cia director james woolsey
"washington (reuters) - four republican members of congress on monday urged u.s. auto safety regulators to convene an industry-wide effort to prevent possible attacks on computer systems in vehicles. the lawmakers addressed their concerns in a letter to the u.s. national highway traffic safety administration. while there have been no reported cases of vehicle hacking
"the following timeline charts the origin and spread of the zika virus from its discovery nearly 70 years ago: 1947: scientists researching yellow fever in uganda’s zika forest identify the virus in a rhesus monkey 1948: virus recovered from aedes africanus mosquito in zika forest 1952: first human cases detected in uganda and tanzania 1960s-80s: zika detected in mosquitoes and monkeys across equatorial africa 1960s–80s: zika found in equatorial asia
"global health officials are racing to better understand the zika virus behind a major outbreak that began in brazil last year and has spread to almost 60 countries.  the following are some questions and answers about the virus and current outbreak: how do people become infected? zika is transmitted to people through the bite of infected female mosquitoes
 clinton falls ill at 9/11 memorial
"chicago (reuters) - a u.s. congresswoman urged the labor department on monday to investigate chipotle mexican grill for possible wage theft
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will host italian prime minister matteo renzi for an official visit on oct. 18
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. state department spokesman
"washington (reuters) - leaders in the u.s. congress on monday were making progress toward temporarily funding the government in the fiscal year starting oct. 1 and providing money to battle an outbreak of the zika virus
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said on monday that health is an issue in the campaign after his democratic rival
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton has canceled a campaign trip to california because of her diagnosis of pneumonia
"new york (reuters) - would-be presidential assassin john hinckley jr. was released from a psychiatric hospital on saturday
"new york (reuters) - republican donald trump appears to have carved out a wider path to the white house as a number of states including florida and ohio are no longer considered likely wins for democratic rival hillary clinton
 trump escalate fight in dramatic week on national security"
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton on saturday said she regretted saying “half” of republican rival donald trump’s supporters belonged in a “basket of deplorables
"(reuters) - the democratic national committee on friday said it settled part of a federal lawsuit over the actions of arizona poll officials during the presidential primary that caused voters long waits and critics said disenfranchised some
 not be prosecuted"
"pensacola
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s republican presidential campaign
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives passed legislation on friday that would allow the families of victims of the sept. 11 attacks to sue saudi arabia’s government for damages
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama has invited congressional leaders to the white house on monday in an attempt to break deadlocks over government spending plans and funding the fight against the zika virus. congress must pass a temporary spending bill by sept. 30 or much of the federal government will shut down. with the deadline approaching
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department has formed a threat analysis team to study potential national security challenges posed by self-driving cars
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on friday rejected a bid by michigan to reinstate its republican-backed ban on straight-ticket voting for the nov. 8 general election.   the justices left in place a decision by a federal district judge in michigan who in july suspended a law that abolished straight-ticket voting
"washington (reuters) - the white house on friday reiterated that president barack obama would veto a bill that would allow the families of the victims of the sept. 11 attacks to sue saudi arabia’s government for damages. the house of representatives was expected to vote on the bill on friday. the senate passed it unanimously in may.  “we are in the same place we were the last time
"new york (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate hillary clinton’s spokeswoman said on friday clinton’s plan to curb drug spending was not the blow to medical innovation that pfizer inc chief executive ian read described it as being on thursday. “throughout this campaign
"washington (reuters) - the white house on thursday named a retired u.s. air force brigadier general as the government’s first federal cyber security chief
 but for what? experts ask"
 as polls tighten
"mexico city (reuters) - president enrique pena nieto on wednesday replaced his close ally and finance minister
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico’s new finance minister on thursday delivered a stern reproach to donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on thursday said the trans-pacific partnership trade agreement still faces an uphill battle for support in congress and that he was not inclined to bring it up for a vote
 putin"
"cleveland (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump on thursday said he was against the iraq war all along despite telling radio interviewer howard stern in 2002 that he favored it. trump used the start of a speech about education at a charter school in cleveland to push back at democratic rival hillary clinton’s statement that his position on iraq is pretty much like her own: she voted for the 2003 war as a u.s. senator from new york but has since disavowed the vote. at an nbc forum on wednesday night
"new york (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers said thursday they will seek to recover the missing emails of colin powell from his time as u.s. secretary of state by going directly to aol inc
"washington (reuters) - four u.s. senators introduced a joint resolution on thursday seeking to block the u.s. sale of $1.15 billion of abrams tanks and other military equipment to saudi arabia
 wire fraud"
"washington (reuters) - vice president joe biden on thursday called on the republican-led u.s. congress to allow an up-or-down vote on funding to combat the zika virus without other provisions attached
"washington (reuters) - about 10
"washington (reuters) - libertarian party presidential candidate gary johnson framed an embarrassing lapse on foreign affairs as simple human error on thursday after he responded to a question about a flashpoint in the syrian civil war by asking
"philadelphia (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump on wednesday  ended his ban on press credentials for some news outlets seeking to cover his campaign events
 says putin better leader than obama"
 has 'outright wacky' ideas"
 u.s. not to lecture philippines on rights"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton will hold a news conference on thursday morning before departing from white plains
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers sought on wednesday to break a logjam over $1.1 billion in funding to combat the zika virus
"washington (reuters) - u.s. supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg said on wednesday she hoped “cooler heads will prevail” over the vacancy on the supreme court
"lima (reuters) - the head of peru’s central bank said on wednesday he gets the goose bumps when he thinks about what would happen to the global economy if u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump wins the november election. responding to questions from reporters on the sidelines of an economic forum
"washington (reuters) - members of the republican majority in the u.s. house of representatives will discuss next week whether the nation’s top tax collector
"oxford
"washington (reuters) - a sheriff’s department in north dakota is investigating possible charges against the u.s. green party presidential candidate
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate’s permanent subcommittee on investigations will probe mylan pharmaceuticals’ pricing of the allergy auto-injector epipen
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama’s administration has offered saudi arabia more than $115 billion in weapons
 mickey mouse"
" washington (reuters) - republican donald trump raised about $90 million in august in his campaign for the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election against democrat hillary clinton
"washington (reuters) - former republican u.s. defense secretary william cohen on wednesday said he will likely vote for u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton in the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election
"u.s. president barack obama visited a street market in luang prabang on wednesday (september 7)
"new york (reuters) - a federal appeals court on wednesday rejected an effort by news media to force prosecutors in the george washington bridge lane-closing scandal known as “bridgegate” to disclose the names of unindicted co-conspirators. reversing a lower court ruling
"washington (reuters) - two leading critics of president barack obama’s moves toward normal relations with cuba introduced legislation on wednesday seeking to temporarily halt commercial flights between the united states and the island because of security concerns. republican senator marco rubio and democratic senator robert menendez
 u.s. and clinton call for duterte to show respect"
 a more disciplined trump speaks of unity"
"washington (reuters) - supporters of merrick garland
 fund climate skeptics"
"vientiane (reuters) - (note: paragraphs 1
"tampa
"london (reuters) - u.s. secretary of defense ash carter said on tuesday that the defense relationship with the philippines was a “strong” and “longstanding” one
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative steny hoyer
"washington (reuters) - republicans in congress are planning a light legislative agenda as they return from their long summer break on tuesday
"(reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton said on monday she will not accept an invitation from mexican president enrique pena nieto for a visit after rival donald trump created what she called a “diplomatic incident” in his foray there. in a written excerpt from an interview with abc news that will air tuesday morning
"vientiane (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will likely hold talks with japan prime minister shinzo abe during a leaders’ summit in laos following a missile test by north korea
"vientiane (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama may speak informally with philippine counterpart rodrigo duterte but is not expected to hold a bilateral meeting during a summit in laos
"vientiane (reuters) - the united states announced on tuesday it would provide an additional $90 million over the next three years to help laos
"vientiane (reuters) - the philippines said on tuesday that president rodrigo duterte regretted comments he made about u.s. president barack obama came across as a personal attack and led to the cancellation of a meeting between the leaders of the allied nations. “president duterte explained that the press reports that president obama would ‘lecture’ him on extrajudicial killings led to his strong comments
"washington (reuters) - phyllis schlafly
 clinton court ohio as white house race enters final 2 months"
"new york (reuters) - the federal appointees tapped to help map puerto rico’s economic future are technocrats more than political actors
"washington (reuters) - conservative commentators on sunday mistakenly accused reuters of pulling the plug on the final moments of broadcast coverage of republican presidential candidate donald trump’s appearance at a black church this weekend. reuters said it had no role in filming the trump event. cbs news filmed on behalf of a pool of media companies and discontinued the feed in the final moments of trump’s appearance because of the schedule set by the campaign
"washington (reuters) - u.s. conservative activist phyllis schlafly died on monday at 92. following are some facts about her:  * schlafly said she tirelessly fought against the proposed equal rights amendment to the u.s. constitution on the grounds that women were already fully protected and that the amendment  would erode women’s standing
"youngstown
"hampton
"(reuters) - hillary clinton
"youngstown
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli supporters of u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump have opened a campaign office in the occupied west bank
"washington (reuters) - democratic vice presidential candidate tim kaine on sunday defended hillary clinton against criticism over her handling of classified information as secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - a close ally of donald trump said talks about the cost of building a wall with mexico was not supposed to be part of the discussion during republican presidential candidate’s recent meeting with mexican president enrique pena nieto. after the two met in mexico last wednesday
 predicts his defeat"
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton
"detroit (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump stepped up his bid to win over minority voters by addressing a largely black church in detroit on saturday and calling for a new civil rights agenda to support african-americans. as scores of protesters outside chanted “no justice
 pushing immigration plan
"(reuters) - two key u.s. congressional committee members on friday called for an investigation into whether mylan nv
 latest reuters/ipsos poll finds"
"new york (reuters) - new jersey governor christie said on friday the state would begin taxing income earned by people who work in new jersey but live in pennsylvania
"mexico city (reuters) - a mexican senator is proposing legislation to empower the government to retaliate if a u.s. administration led by donald trump inflicts expropriations or economic losses on his country to make it pay for a border wall. republican presidential nominee trump has vowed to have mexico fund the planned wall to keep out illegal immigrants if he is elected
"washington/new york (reuters) - hillary clinton said on friday that if elected to the white house she would create an oversight panel to protect u.s. consumers from large price hikes on long-available
"boston (reuters) - (editor’s note: this story contains language in the second paragraph that may offend readers) the president of maine’s state senate on friday said he would not pursue a special session to censure governor paul lepage for leaving a profanity-laden voicemail message for a lawmaker amid a dispute about the governor’s comments on race and drug dealing. senator michael thibodeau
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump has run an unusually cheap campaign in part by not paying at least 10 top staffers
 emails show"
"new york (reuters) - the bill
"washington (reuters) - journalists from nbc
"wilmington
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said he did not know who was behind the hacking of u.s. democratic party organizations but the information uncovered was important
 a symbol of his climate
"aboard air force one (reuters) - barack obama starts his last trip to asia on saturday as u.s. president
"washington (reuters) - a romanian hacker nicknamed “guccifer” who helped expose the existence of a private email domain hillary clinton used when she was u.s. secretary of state was sentenced on thursday to 52 months in prison by a federal court in alexandria
"(reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump’s effort to clarify his position on illegal immigration during visits to both sides of the u.s.-mexico frontier on wednesday did little to sway moderate republicans near the border
"new york (reuters) - in a speech on wednesday in phoenix
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democrat hillary clinton raised about $143 million in august for her presidential bid and the democratic party
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump’s campaign criticized the iran nuclear deal and democrat hillary clinton’s support for it after a reuters report that said the united states and its negotiating partners agreed “in secret” to allow iran to evade some restrictions. retired lieutenant general michael flynn
"mexico city (reuters) - donald trump’s pledge to make mexico pay for a border wall is “outrageous
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats would not agree to postponing completion of this year’s spending legislation until 2017
" (editor’s note: this story contains language in the second paragraph that may offend readers) boston (reuters) - maine legislative leaders are set to meet on thursday to discuss whether to push for the resignation of governor paul lepage
"phoenix (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump vowed on wednesday that anyone who is in the united states illegally would be subject to deportation if he is elected
"honolulu (reuters) - preserving natural places will help the world adapt to warming temperatures
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico’s president rebuked donald trump as a threat to his country just hours after painting a positive picture of talks the two held on wednesday to try to defuse tensions over the u.s. presidential hopeful’s anti-mexican campaign rhetoric. president enrique pena nieto had on wednesday afternoon hailed as “open and constructive” the impromptu meeting he held with trump
"(reuters) - maine governor paul lepage said on wednesday he would not resign and was seeking spiritual advice after unleashing an obscenity-laden voicemail message on a political rival
 could fetch $20
"phoenix (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump vowed on wednesday that anyone who is in the united states illegally would be subject to deportation if he is elected
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto on wednesday told donald trump that mexico would not pay for the republican presidential candidate’s proposed wall along the mexico-u.s. border
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on wednesday rejected a bid by north carolina to reinstate for november’s elections several voting restrictions
 president pena nieto tells visiting donald trump"
 mexican leader discussed border wall but not who pays"
' france's le pen says
"washington/new york (reuters) - president barack obama on wednesday appointed a seven-member board to oversee a financial restructuring for puerto rico
"(reuters) - an initial check showed that takata corp 7312.t air bag parts and material involved in a deadly explosion in a truck in texas last week were being shipped properly
"mexico city (reuters) - within minutes of donald trump saying he would visit mexico
"cincinnati (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton
" (editor’s note: this story contains language that may offend readers in the fourth paragraph) by scott malone boston (reuters) - years before donald trump dominated the news cycle with his style of angry politics
"(reuters) - virginia republican leaders said they will file a contempt motion on wednesday against democratic governor terry mcauliffe over his efforts to restore voting rights to about 206
 rubio win republican nod in u.s. senate races"
"(reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie on tuesday vetoed a bill to raise the state’s minimum wage to $15 per hour over the next five years. the legislation would have made new jersey the third state to adopt a $15 per hour minimum wage
"everett
"phoenix (reuters) - the arizona sheriff famous for his tough stance on illegal immigration and keeping jail inmates in tents easily won his republican primary on tuesday. maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio
"boston (reuters) - (editor’s note: this story contains language that may offend some readers in the sixth and final paragraphs adds no comment from gattine spokesman) combative maine governor paul lepage told a radio host on tuesday that he was considering not finishing his term in office
"washington (reuters) - democrat elizabeth warren and 19 other u.s. senators voiced concern to the chief executive of mylan nv (myl.o) about the high cost of its epipen on tuesday
"everett
"washington (reuters) - senator john mccain survived a tea party challenge when he won arizona’s republican nominating contest on tuesday
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto will meet u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump for a private meeting on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative debbie wasserman schultz of florida
"washington (reuters) - the fbi plans to hand over some of its notes from its interview with u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton regarding her use of private email while secretary of state to news outlets that requested them
"washington (reuters) - pastor marks burns
"washington (reuters) - marco rubio
"washington (reuters) - the successful conclusion of the trans pacific partnership trade talks remains the top legislative item for the united states
"washington (reuters) - democrats in congress
"(reuters) - a former virginia politician who was jailed over a sex scandal involving a teenage girl leads a crowded field running for mayor of the state’s capital city
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator chuck grassley opened the door to holding a hearing on president obama’s supreme court nominee merrick garland if a majority of senators wish to do so after the nov. 8 election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama shortened the prison sentences of 111 convicts serving time for drug-related offenses in his second round of clemency grants this month
"paris/brussels (reuters) - france cast serious doubt on tuesday on the prospects of an eu free trade deal with the united states
" muncie
" los angeles (reuters) - california lawmakers
 india sign military logistics agreement"
"new york (reuters) - six u.s. senators have urged president barack obama to prioritize cyber crime at this weekend’s group of 20 summit in china
"washington (reuters) - huma abedin
"washington (reuters) - the federal bureau of investigation has found breaches in illinois and arizona’s voter registration databases and is urging states to increase computer security ahead of the nov. 8 presidential election
"sacramento
"brussels (reuters) - the european union’s executive said on monday it had a unanimous mandate from the bloc’s 28 members to finalize negotiations on a free trade deal with the united states
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will have a bilateral meeting with turkish president tayyip erdogan during the g20 summit in china next month and is likely to have at least an informal talk with russia’s vladimir putin
"detroit (reuters) - three congressional leaders on monday asked top federal environmental and safety officials to extend by 60 days the public comment period on new vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards. the public and their advocates need more time
 shares slide"
 broach human rights"
"(reuters) - u.s. representatives jason chaffetz and elijah cummings of the house committee on oversight and government reform sent a letter to mylan nv chief executive heather bresch on monday asking for documents and communications related to the fast-increasing price of allergy auto-injector epipens. mylan said earlier it would launch the first generic version of epipen for $300
"new york (reuters) - the republican national committee asked the charity of democratic nominee hillary clinton’s family on monday to produce all correspondence its staff had with the u.s. state department while clinton served as america’s most senior diplomat.  clinton’s campaign to win the nov. 8 presidential election has been dogged by criticism that donors to the clinton foundation may have expected special favors from the u.s. government in return. she says donors to the global charity receive no preferential treatment.     “the clinton foundation can play a vital role in filling important gaps in the public record by demonstrating its commitment to transparency and making public all correspondence its officials had with the state department during secretary clinton’s tenure
"washington (reuters) - although the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election is more than two months away
"washington (reuters) - when president barack obama sets out this week to meet world leaders in china and laos during his final presidential trip to asia
 in last round
"new york (reuters) - nearly a third of u.s. counties likely will be served by only one insurer that participates in an affordable care act (aca) marketplace in 2017
"banja luka
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump tweeted on sunday night that he would make a major speech on illegal immigration in arizona on wednesday. the announcement came a day after trump said he would crack down on illegal immigrants who overstay their visas
"des moines
"washington (reuters) - a former top adviser to president barack obama on sunday labeled donald trump a “psychopath”
"berlin (reuters) - germany’s economy minister sigmar gabriel said on sunday that talks on the transatlantic trade and investment partnership (ttip)
"(reuters) - democrat hillary clinton on saturday received her first national security briefing since accepting her party’s nomination for the presidency last month. clinton
"washington (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton called on friday for voters to reject the “bigotry” of donald trump’s white house campaign
" new york (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton leads her republican rival donald trump by 5 percentage points among likely voters
"chicago (reuters) - illinois republican governor bruce rauner urged lawmakers on friday to allow voters in 2018 to decide whether to change how political boundaries are drawn after the state’s supreme court a day earlier declared a petition-driven redistricting initiative for this fall’s statewide ballot unconstitutional. rauner called illinois’ existing political maps
"(reuters) - maine governor paul lepage apologized on friday for an obscenity-laced voicemail he left for a lawmaker who he believed had called him a racist for remarks he made about drug dealers.  the incident followed a town hall meeting on wednesday during which lepage said he kept a binder with photographs of drug dealers arrested in maine and more than 90 percent of them were black or hispanic
 obama's legacy is seen as mixed"
" washington (reuters) - when president barack obama entered the white house in 2009
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration proposed a rule on friday aimed at attracting thousands of immigrant entrepreneurs to start companies in the united states.  the rule
"berlin (reuters) - paul wolfowitz
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will dramatically expand the papahānaumokuākea marine national monument off the coast of hawaii on friday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton said on friday the clinton foundation was seeking other organizations to  partner with as it looks to wind down some of its charitable work
"washington (reuters) - a selection of recent u.s. appeals court rulings in which obama judicial appointees played a significant role: 4th u.s. circuit court of appeals
"(reuters) - a u.s. judge ordered the state department on thursday to release by sept. 13 any emails it finds between hillary clinton and the white house from the week of the 2012 attack in benghazi
 trump teams to discuss transition"
 trump clash over who is best for u.s. minorities"
"(reuters) - mylan nv said on thursday it would reduce the out-of-pocket costs of its emergency epipen allergy injection for some patients amid a wave of criticism from lawmakers and the public over the product’s rapidly escalating price. the list price of the drug will remain the same
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on thursday that the senate will not vote on president barack obama’s signature asian trade deal this year
"new york (reuters) - the national hispanic leadership agenda on thursday asked republican presidential nominee donald trump to stop attacks on hispanic communities
"new york (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton’s presidential campaign is focusing an effort to win over asian american voters on three states where it believes the small but rapidly growing group could make the difference in her race against republican donald trump.     the push in closely fought nevada
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama is still committed to closing the u.s. prison for terrorism suspects at guantanamo bay
"washington (reuters) - the clinton foundation
"(reuters) - since announcing her presidential bid last year
"washington (reuters) - immigration advocates on thursday mounted a long-shot effort to revive part of u.s. president barack obama’s plan to shield millions of immigrants from deportation by filing a lawsuit challenging the national scope of a court order that blocked it. with favorable court rulings
"palo alto
"washington (reuters) - mylan nv’s move on thursday to expand discount programs for its epipen allergy treatment was welcome but not sufficient
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton praised the peace deal between colombia and the rebel group farc in a statement on thursday.  “as president
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senator seen by silicon valley as one of the technology industry’s main foes in congress is fighting for his political life as donald trump’s slumping poll numbers threaten to damage republican candidates across the board.          senator richard burr from north carolina
"stockholm (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden said on thursday the united states believed the nord stream 2 pipeline involving russia and several european energy companies was a “bad deal” for europe. russia’s gazprom and its european partners agreed the project
 says plans serious measures"
 bashes clinton"
"washington (reuters) - wikileaks founder and editor-in-chief julian assange said on wednesday his organization planned to release “significant” information linked to the campaign of democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton before the nov. 8 election. asked if the data could be a game-changer in the election
"san francisco (reuters) - california lawmakers voted to extend the state’s climate change fighting efforts out to 2030 on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton called on pharmaceutical company mylan nv to voluntarily drop the price of its severe allergy treatment drug epipen
"moscow (reuters) - when donald trump named a little-known u.s. energy consultant as part of his foreign policy team
 would likely win election - poll"
"austin
"london (reuters) - nigel farage
"washington (reuters) - the white house on wednesday said pharmaceutical firms risked damaging their reputations with big price hikes
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton is scheduled to receive a pre-election briefing from u.s. intelligence officials on saturday
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton leads republican rival donald trump by 12 percentage points among likely voters
"denver (reuters) - kansas on tuesday asked a u.s. appeals court to reinstate rules requiring proof of u.s. citizenship from people registering to vote
"chicago (reuters) - potential action this week by illinois’ biggest public pension fund could put a big dent in the state’s already fragile finances
"los angeles (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton on tuesday vowed to make starting a small business in the united states as easy as opening a lemonade stand if elected president
 four other states sue over u.s. transgender health policy"
 trump seeks a republican rallying cry"
"(reuters) - a federal appeals court on tuesday upheld an ohio law passed in 2014 that shortened the state’s early voting period and abolished a so-called golden week when residents could register and cast ballots in the same week. the 2-1 decision from a panel of the 6th u.s. circuit court of appeals reverses a may ruling by u.s. district judge michael watson who struck down the law that limited early voting
"riga (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden told baltic leaders on tuesday not to take seriously comments by republican presidential nominee donald trump that called into question the u.s. commitment to protect nato allies in the face of russian aggression. on a trip to latvia
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. budget deficit is expected to grow to $590 billion in fiscal year 2016 due to slower than expected growth in revenues and higher spending for programs including social security and medicare
 ohio senator keeps safe distance from trump"
"los angeles (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton said on a late-night television show on monday that sometimes she feels she is in an “alternative universe” in the u.s. presidential race against republican donald trump. “i do feel sometimes like this campaign has entered into an alternative universe
"akron
 biden meet costa rica's president
900 clinton emails"
"washington (reuters) - two senior lawmakers on the u.s. senate’s judiciary committee  on monday pushed for information regarding sharp price increases for epipens
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers called on u.s. treasury secretary jack lew on monday to overhaul proposed regulations intended to crack down on american companies that try to reduce their u.s. taxes by rebasing abroad in a process known as inversion. in separate letters
"washington (reuters) - a senior aide to u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump signaled a possible shift in his hardline immigration policies on sunday
"(reuters) - donald trump’s u.s. presidential campaign sealed a major staff reshuffle with the resignation on friday of its campaign chairman
"washington (reuters) - the fbi and u.s. justice department are investigating possible u.s. ties to alleged corruption involving the former president of ukraine
 obama to visit next week"
"washington (reuters) - leading democrats are growing increasingly worried that the hackers who made public leaked documents this week were trying  to sabotage the democratic candidates in several central florida congressional races
"new york (reuters) - democratic party presidential candidate hillary clinton does not need to give sworn testimony in a lawsuit brought by a conservative watchdog group over her use of an unauthorized private email system while she was u.s. secretary of state
"new york (reuters) - the largest program of the clinton foundation
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton leads republican rival donald trump by 8 percentage points among likely voters
 labor with u.s. farm groups"
"new york (reuters) - an artists’ collective took credit for exposing donald trump to unflattering scrutiny on thursday
"kiev (reuters) - a ukrainian lawmaker on friday divulged more details of what he said were payments made to donald trump’s campaign chief in the u.s. presidential race by the political party of the kremlin-backed former ukrainian leader viktor yanukovich. mp serhiy leshchenko said money was allocated for trump aide paul manafort to finance services such as carrying out exit polls at elections
"charlotte
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. presidential nominee hillary clinton told federal investigators that former secretary of state colin powell suggested she use a personal email account
 corporate funding if hillary clinton elected president"
 republican party groups: sources"
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. state department video of a press briefing about secret u.s.-iran nuclear talks was deliberately edited but there is no evidence to suggest the cut was intended to hide information
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on thursday it released $400 million in cash to iran under a tribunal settlement only once it was assured that american prisoners had been freed and had boarded a plane. “the payment of the $400 million was not done until after the prisoners were released
"new york (reuters) - pennsylvania governor tom wolf on thursday nominated the state’s inspector general to serve as interim attorney general until november’s election
" washington (reuters) - bill and hillary clinton’s charitable foundation hired the security firm fireeye to examine its data systems after seeing indications they might have been hacked
"(reuters) - u.s. republican donald trump overhauled his presidential campaign team on wednesday for the second time in less than two months
"washington (reuters) - fbi documents about the agency’s investigation into democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state were being reviewed on wednesday in secure rooms of the u.s. capitol. lawmakers and select staff from some congressional committees could page through the material
"washington (reuters) - two major mergers in agricultural technology and seeds could hurt competition in the industry and make it harder for smaller companies to compete
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s new campaign manager said on wednesday she would encourage the republican presidential nominee to focus on substance and continue delivering policy speeches as he has done in the last week. “keep giving these policy speeches
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump’s campaign chairman
"washington (reuters) - the federal bureau of investigation said on tuesday it had turned over to the u.s. congress a number of documents related to its probe into hillary clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. the democratic presidential nominee has for over a year been dogged by questions about her use of a private email account while she was the nation’s top diplomat. republicans have repeatedly hammered clinton over the issue
 obama veterans to transition team"
"cody
"west bend
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton has a 6-percentage-point lead over republican rival donald trump
 in law and order speech
"washington (reuters) - the government is offering to help states protect the nov. 8 u.s. election from hacking or other tampering
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto said on tuesday he was  willing to meet with donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the fbi said tuesday it would expect congress to obtain fbi approval before releasing any of the documents the agency has turned over to lawmakers about hillary clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state. in a statement
"berlin (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump ignored the facts with his assertion that german chancellor angela merkel’s open-door refugee policy had resulted in a huge increase in crime
"chicago (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump named 64 agriculture policy advisors on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump is expected to receive his first national security briefing this week from intelligence officials
"(reuters) - pennsylvania attorney general kathleen kane announced her resignation on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - roger ailes
"washington (reuters) - the fbi on tuesday will deliver a report to u.s. lawmakers explaining why the law enforcement agency did not recommend charges over hillary clinton’s use of a personal email server
"west harrison
"youngstown
"washington (reuters) - north carolina on monday asked the u.s. supreme court to allow a state law requiring voters to show identification to remain in effect for the nov. 8 u.s. election despite an appeals court decision that the measure discriminates against minority voters. lawyers for republican governor pat mccrory said the status quo should be maintained so close to the election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. asia experts who served in past republican administrations said on monday they would back hillary clinton in the presidential race as a donald trump presidency would lead to “ruinous marginalization” for the united states in the region. in an open letter
"chilmark
"(reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden said on monday that republican presidential nominee donald trump’s remark that president barack obama founded islamic state had increased threats to the physical safety of u.s. troops in iraq. “trump is already making our country less safe
"jerusalem (reuters) - the israeli branch of the u.s. republican party began a campaign on monday to get american voters living in israel to cast absentee ballots in favor of donald trump. according to the israeli chapter of the republican party
"fairfield
"(reuters) - senator ben sasse was in a fairly lonely place when he wrote on his facebook page back in february that he could not support republican presidential candidate donald trump. that is changing. since sasse
"washington (reuters) - a senior official with the republican national committee on sunday played down the prospect that the party would cut off cash and logistical support to white house nominee donald trump in order to shift resources toward congressional races. last week 70 republicans wrote a letter urging the rnc to stop helping trump and to focus instead on candidates for the u.s. senate and house of representatives. the letter
 u.s.a. where voters are just hoping for change."
"altoona
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house democratic leader nancy pelosi said on saturday she has been flooded with “obscene and sick” calls and text messages after a hacker linked to russia posted personal contact information online for her and hundreds of other democratic lawmakers and aides. pelosi sent a letter to colleagues warning them to take precautions and said she was changing her phone number after a hacker identified as “guccifer 2.0” posted the personal cellphone numbers and email addresses on friday.  the posted information appeared to have been gained in the electronic breach of the democratic congressional campaign committee
 paid 34.2 percent federal tax rate"
 bigger money"
 avoids its glare"
"san francisco (reuters) - a california lawmaker next week will introduce a bill requiring 15 percent of all vehicles sold in the state to be emissions-free by 2025
"new york (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton led republican donald trump by more than 5 percentage points in the reuters/ipsos tracking poll released on friday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. intelligence officials told top congressional leaders a year ago that russian hackers were attacking the democratic party
 trump campaign to meet in florida"
 clinton islamic state 'co-founders
 vows to help workers"
 alleges gun incident in north carolina"
"washington (reuters) - a foreign policy adviser to u.s. presidential candidate donald trump confirmed his attendance at a meeting last month during which the republican party agreed to watered-down language in its support of ukraine. j. d. gordon
"(reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump’s campaign has settled a legal dispute with former aide sam nunberg
"chicago/washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of health and human services has shifted $81 million in funds from other projects to continue work on developing vaccines to fight zika in the absence of any funding from u.s. lawmakers. in a letter addressed to nancy pelosi
"global health officials are racing to better understand the zika virus behind a major outbreak that began in brazil last year and has spread to many countries in the americas.  the following are some questions and answers about the virus and current outbreak: how do people become infected? zika is transmitted to people through the bite of infected female mosquitoes
"the following timeline charts the origin and spread of the zika virus from its discovery nearly 70 years ago: 1947: scientists researching yellow fever in uganda’s zika forest identify the virus in a rhesus monkey 1948: virus recovered from aedes africanus mosquito in zika forest 1952: first human cases detected in uganda and tanzania 1954: virus found in nigeria 1960s-80s: zika detected in mosquitoes and monkeys across equatorial africa 1969–83: zika found in equatorial asia
"orlando
"washington (reuters) - senate democratic leader harry reid said on thursday he believed hillary clinton would stick with president barack obama’s supreme court nominee if she won the nov. 8 presidential election. some republican conservatives were concerned that if democratic presidential candidate clinton won the white house
 criticizes trump"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house democratic leader nancy pelosi said the obama administration may announce as early as thursday that it is shifting more money into fighting the zika virus. “maybe today or tomorrow
"washington (reuters) - in response to republican presidential candidate donald trump’s accusation that democrat president barack obama and democratic candidate hillary clinton were “co-founders” of islamic state
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house democratic leader nancy pelosi on thursday said the recent cyber attack on democratic politicians was “broad” and that russians were clearly behind the breach
' republicans shaken"
"fort lauderdale
"washington (reuters) - a federal official on wednesday said the u.s. secret service had not formally spoken with republican donald trump’s presidential campaign regarding his suggestion a day earlier that gun rights activists could stop democratic rival hillary clinton from curtailing their access to firearms. following trump’s comment at a rally on tuesday in which he suggested that gun rights activists could stop clinton from appointing liberal anti-gun justices to the u.s. supreme court
"new york (reuters) - nearly one-fifth of registered republicans want donald trump to drop out of the race for the white house
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton on wednesday said republican donald trump’s gun rights comment incites violence and said he does not have the temperament to be president.  “every single one of these incidences shows us that donald trump simply does not have the temperament to be president and commander in chief of the united states
"new york (reuters) - a former aide to chris christie said in a text message that the new jersey governor “flat out lied” when he said senior staff members were not involved in the “bridgegate” scandal in 2013
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on wednesday suspended a july 19 ruling by a federal judge that struck down parts of wisconsin’s voter id law
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s call for a temporary ban on muslims entering the united states does not tarnish the u.s. commitment to religious freedom in the eyes of foreigners
 clinton unleash torrent of criticism"
"berlin (reuters) - a series of controversial remarks by u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump show that the world should be concerned if he is elected president
"milwaukee (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan handily won a primary election for his congressional seat on tuesday
 kosovo next week"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator jeff flake said on tuesday that republican nominee donald trump will not be able to win the presidential election
 relying on social media: nbc"
 awaits oversight board: governor"
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton’s lead over republican rival donald trump increased to more than 7 percentage points in a reuters/ipsos poll released on tuesday
"global health officials are racing to better understand the zika virus behind a major outbreak that began in brazil last year and has spread to many countries in the americas.  the following are some questions and answers about the virus and current outbreak: how do people become infected? zika is transmitted to people through the bite of infected female mosquitoes
"the following timeline charts the origin and spread of the zika virus from its discovery nearly 70 years ago: 1947: scientists researching yellow fever in uganda’s zika forest identify the virus in a rhesus monkey 1948: virus recovered from aedes africanus mosquito in zika forest 1952: first human cases detected in uganda and tanzania 1954: virus found in nigeria 1960s-80s: zika detected in mosquitoes and monkeys across equatorial africa 1969–83: zika found in equatorial asia
 says candidate will get blue-collar vote"
 too"
 senate democrats urge zika funding vote as reserves run low"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton will participate in the three debates set by a debate commission
"detroit/washington (reuters) - republican donald trump sought to regain momentum for his white house campaign on monday by proposing sweeping tax breaks
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator susan collins of maine said on monday she will not vote for fellow republican donald trump for president. “this is not a decision i make lightly
"washington (reuters) - fifty prominent republican national security officials
"chicago (reuters) - a vanquished challenger to illinois house speaker michael madigan filed a federal lawsuit on monday against the longtime democratic leader
 fearing trump
 vows to work for clinton"
 in shift
 revive keystone: speech"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump will propose allowing parents to deduct spending on childcare from their income taxes in a speech on monday meant to challenge the economic policies of democratic rival hillary clinton
 former congresswoman from maryland
"windham
"washington (reuters) - if mike pence had any doubts about what life would be like on the 2016 republican presidential ticket with donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration released a redacted version of president barack obama’s once-secret policy on drone strikes abroad following a freedom of information lawsuit filed last year
 senators in effort to right campaign ship"
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton’s lead over republican rival donald trump narrowed to less than 3 percentage points
"(reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump on friday announced his team of economic advisers
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump’s team of economic policy advisers is packed with moguls from the hedge fund and investment banking industries that he has railed against in the past. and none of them are women - a demographic group he needs to court if he hopes to win in november. trump’s campaign has been powered by a populist message that criticizes corporate america for outsourcing jobs
 mulls second super pac"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump is expected to endorse house speaker paul ryan in his bid for re-election later on friday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on thursday called on congress to approve additional funding to combat the spread of the zika virus in the united states
"(reuters) - a former top cia official attacked donald trump on friday as a danger to national security
" (please note strong language in paragraphs 3
"(reuters) - the mayor of stockton
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama confirmed on thursday that donald trump will get national security briefings ahead of the november election
 trump allies urge him to get back on track"
 some wealthy republicans campaign for clinton"
"washington (reuters) - a group of former u.s. national security officials
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said on thursday that he saw no point in bringing up the trans-pacific partnership trade deal for a vote in any “lame duck” session of congress later this year after november elections
"new york (reuters) - billionaire investor wilbur ross stood behind republican donald trump but urged him to stop engaging in exchanges that benefit the democrats and make the real estate mogul’s behavior the issue in the u.s. presidential campaign.  “this election is donald’s to lose and so far the democrats have been clever about baiting him and he generally has bitten
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration said on wednesday that $400 million in cash paid to iran soon after the release of five americans detained by tehran was not ransom as some republicans have charged. the five
"washington/jacksonville
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton extended her lead over republican rival donald trump to eight percentage points
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama cut short the prison terms of 214 convicts on wednesday
"washington/san francisco (reuters) - democratic u.s. presidential candidate hillary clinton’s campaign has solicited advice from california regulators on how to revamp a federal regulation requiring biofuels like corn-based ethanol be blended into the nation’s gasoline supply
"new york (reuters) - nazar naqvi has faithfully voted republican for more than three decades.  after donald trump’s feud with muslim parents who lost a son in battle for the united states
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump’s campaign took in $80 million last month
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican vice presidential candidate mike pence on wednesday said he endorsed u.s. house speaker paul ryan
 moving in positive direction: trump campaign manager"
 mccain"
"washington (reuters) - representative tim huelskamp of kansas
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican donald trump’s presidential campaign appealed to capitol hill for support on monday as his attacks on the muslim parents of a decorated american soldier killed in iraq drew sharp rebukes from fellow party members. trump’s criticism of khizr khan and ghazala khan
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama issued a scathing attack of donald trump on tuesday for criticizing a muslim family whose u.s. army captain son was killed in iraq
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump on tuesday brushed off billionaire investor warren buffett’s blistering critique of his business acumen. “i don’t care much about warren buffett
"san francisco (reuters) - a u.s. judge on tuesday rejected republican presidential candidate donald trump’s pretrial bid to throw out a lawsuit brought by trump university students who said they were defrauded by its real-estate seminars. u.s. district judge gonzalo curiel said in a written ruling that there was a “genuine issue of material fact” as to whether trump knowingly participated in a scheme to cheat the students
"washington (reuters) - chris christie
 mccain for re-election: washington post"
"new york/washington (reuters) - three senior officials with the democratic national committee have resigned
 says clinton 'unfit' for government"
"washington (reuters) - democratic party communications director luis miranda is expected to leave the democratic national committee on tuesday amid fallout from the party’s email hacking scandal
"cleveland heights
"colorado springs
"(reuters) - a war of words between donald trump and the parents of a muslim u.s. soldier killed in iraq in 2004 is dominating the election campaign.  khizr and ghazala khan were criticized by the republican presidential candidate after they appeared at the democratic national convention last thursday and shared the story of their son
 it’s all about the money"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton raised nearly $90 million in july for her campaign and the democratic party
 mother says"
 questions his business skill"
"(reuters) - governor of colorado john hickenlooper on monday criticized donald trump’s comments about fracking
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump on monday fired senior adviser ed brookover
"new york (reuters) - donald trump rejected criticism from the father of a soldier killed in iraq who said the republican presidential nominee had “sacrificed nothing and no one” and questioned whether the mother was allowed to speak during the couple’s appearance at the democratic convention.  “i think i’ve made a lot of sacrifices
"moscow (reuters) - russia’s foreign ministry said on monday that u.s. accusations that moscow was behind a hack of democratic national committee computers were insulting and unworthy
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on monday that u.s. allegations moscow was behind the hacking of democratic party emails were part of a cover-up designed to hide the fact that the u.s. election campaign had been manipulated by domestic forces. u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton said on sunday russian intelligence services had hacked into democratic national committee computers
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton said russian intelligence services hacked into democratic national committee computers and she accused republican contender donald trump of showing support for russian president vladimir putin. “we know that russian intelligence services hacked into the dnc and we know that they arranged for a lot of those emails to be released and we know that donald trump has shown a very troubling willingness to back up putin
 draws line to trump"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan
 clinton vows 'to be there'"
"ashland
"washington (reuters) - senate majority leader mitch mcconnell
"dubai (reuters) - islamic state on sunday condemned as an “apostate” a u.s. muslim soldier killed in iraq whose story has re-ignited debate in the 2016 presidential election on the role of muslims in american life. dabiq
" new york (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton held a 6- percentage-point lead over republican rival donald trump
"pittsburgh
"washington/san francisco (reuters) - a computer network used by democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton’s campaign was hacked as part of a broad cyber attack on democratic political organizations
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton’s campaign said on friday that an analytics data program maintained by the democratic national committee and used by the campaign was accessed as part of a hack
"colorado springs
"harrisburg
"(reuters) - a federal judge on friday struck down a string of wisconsin voting restrictions passed by the republican-led legislature and ordered the state to revamp its voter identification rules
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. air force asked industry on friday for proposals to replace the minuteman iii intercontinental ballistic missile and the nuclear cruise missile as the military moves ahead with a costly modernization of its aging atomic weapons systems. the air force said in a statement it expected to award up to two contracts for a new icbm weapons system
"washington (reuters) - the united states is concerned about the physical well-being of hunger-striking activists in cuba and is closely watching their situation
"(reuters) - a federal appeals court on friday refused to dismiss a corruption indictment against senator robert menendez of new jersey
"washington (reuters) - a committee that raises money for democratic candidates for the u.s. house of representatives confirmed on friday it had been hacked in an intrusion possibly linked to russian hackers
"washington (reuters) - during a visit from singapore’s prime minister on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama wants congress to approve the trans-pacific partnership deal this year to help write the rules on global trade while keeping a competitive edge
 cuba hold 'substantive' second round talks on claims"
"new york (reuters) - in a presidential campaign notable for its negativity
" san francisco/washington (reuters) - the fbi is investigating a cyber attack against another u.s. democratic party group
"lima (reuters) - failure to ratify the u.s.-led sweeping trade pact tpp would hand china “the keys to the castle” on globalization and do nothing to solve the real problems underlying american anxiety over jobs
 driven public servant"
 new democratic stars look to elizabeth warren"
 another convention hums in sanders fans' phones"
"new york (reuters) - a group of at least six wealthy republican donors is urging the billionaire koch brothers to step off the sidelines of the u.s. presidential election to back donald trump
"aspen
 trump: sort out your own pre-election hacking scandal"
"(reuters) - delegates at both the republican and the democratic conventions sported outrageous outfits - but the views from their respective gatherings were a study in contrast. republican national convention delegates in cleveland last week embraced a freewheeling
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that partisanship plays no role in how the united states counters cyber threats affecting americans. “when it comes to our national security
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump on thursday tried to quell the furor over his call for russia to find hillary clinton’s deleted emails
"paris (reuters) - president francois hollande on thursday fired back at comments by u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump that “france was no longer france” after a slew of militant attacks
"washington (reuters) - when it comes to trade policy
"washington (reuters) - some u.s. intelligence officials suspect that russian hackers who broke into democratic party computers may have deliberately left digital fingerprints to show moscow is a “cyberpower” that washington should respect.  three officials
"washington (reuters) - wikileaks released files on wednesday of what it said were audio recordings pulled from the emails of the democratic national committee that were obtained by hacking its servers.  the latest release
 bloomberg calls trump white house race 'a con'"
"miami/washington (reuters) - republican donald trump on wednesday invited russia to dig up tens of thousands of “missing” emails from hillary clinton’s time at the u.s. state department
"philadelphia (reuters) - billionaire environmental activist tom steyer is expanding his political agenda beyond climate change to embrace issues ranging from immigration to income inequality
"washington (reuters) - the top democrats on the u.s. senate and house of representatives intelligence committees called on wednesday for the white house to consider declassifying and releasing any intelligence community assessments of the hack into the democratic national committee email system. experts have attributed the breach to russian hackers. “given the grave nature of this breach and the fact that it may ultimately be found to be a state-sponsored attempt to manipulate our presidential election
 but rallies support for trade"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican vice presidential candidate mike pence on wednesday vowed there would be “serious consequences” if the fbi determines russia is behind recent hacking attempt and is meddling in the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election. “if it is russia and they are interfering in our elections
 trump aide says"
"philadelphia (reuters) - when hillary clinton first ran for president in 2008 she was badly stung by a backhanded compliment from rival barack obama
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin on wednesday dismissed allegations russia had hacked democratic party emails as “horror stories” dreamt up by u.s. politicians
"philadelphia (reuters) - former president bill clinton portrayed his wife hillary on tuesday as a dynamic force for change and a longtime fighter for social justice as he made a case for her historic 2016 bid for the white house.      the ex-president told the democratic party convention in philadelphia that hillary clinton was “a natural leader” with an in-built sense of responsibility. “hillary is uniquely qualified to seize the opportunities and reduce the risks we face
 pence master delicate art of dancing together on campaign trail"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said it was possible that russia  would try to influence the u.s. presidential election
"(reuters) - united auto workers president dennis williams said on tuesday that democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton has assured him she would renegotiate the north american free trade agreement if she is elected president. williams’ comments come as clinton is under pressure on international trade deals from republican presidential nominee donald trump and supporters of her former democratic rival bernie sanders. clinton has previously said she wanted to rework nafta. her campaign on tuesday declined to comment on the meeting with williams. williams said he met with clinton one-on-one prior to the union’s endorsement of her in may
"new york (reuters) - democrats beat republicans in u.s. television ratings
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration announced a broad expansion on tuesday of a program to let people fleeing violence in el salvador
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin dismissed as absurd on tuesday allegations it was behind the hacking of u.s. democratic party emails
" new york (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump posted a two-point lead over his democratic rival hillary clinton
"(reuters) - the u.s. food and drug administration opened the door on tuesday to a change in its blood donor deferral recommendations
"charlotte
 foreign policy plans 'vital' for hungary"
 u.s. experts see a russian subplot"
"philadelphia (reuters) - it should have been a triumphant night for hillary clinton when her rival bernie sanders gave a rousing speech urging his supporters to vote for her in the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election. instead it turned into a sign of potential trouble for her white house bid. his speech on monday to the democratic national convention in philadelphia urging the party to unite against republican donald trump was met with some jeers when he endorsed clinton – a sign he had lost control of his own movement. “i’m beyond disappointed
"vientiane (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry said on tuesday he raised the issue of the hacking of democratic party emails in a meeting with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov. lavrov brushed off accusations that moscow was behind the hacking ahead of the meeting. kerry also said he would encourage the philippines to engage in bilateral negotiations with china to resolve their dispute over rival claims in the south china sea. kerry is due to travel to the philippines later on wednesday
 not the president
"(reuters) - the democratic national committee apologized to senator bernie sanders on monday after leaked emails suggested the party’s leadership had worked to sabotage sanders’ presidential campaign. “on behalf of everyone at the dnc
"vientiane (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov on tuesday brushed aside  accusations that moscow was behind the hacking of democratic party emails. “i don’t want to use four-letter words
"washington (reuters) - an email leak that led to the resignation of democratic national committee chairwoman debbie wasserman schultz could plague her bid for re-election to congress
"winston-salem
"philadelphia (reuters) - the head of the democratic party resigned on sunday amid a furor over embarrassing leaked emails
 afghanistan troops"
 cites facebook
 u.s. officials"
"(reuters) - a florida man pleaded guilty on monday to working with another man to illegally funnel $80
"washington (reuters) - democratic national committee chairwoman debbie wasserman schultz said on monday she will not open the party’s national convention in philadelphia
"washington (reuters) - the white house will not speculate on who might be behind the hacking of the democratic national committee
 seek information on any russia link"
" nairobi (reuters) - president barack obama’s half-brother
"philadelphia (reuters) - the head of the democratic party resigned on sunday amid a furor over embarrassing leaked emails
"washington (reuters) - former new york city mayor michael bloomberg plans to endorse hillary clinton in a prime time address at the democratic convention
 democrat kaine makes campaign-trail debut"
"washington (reuters) - former democratic presidential candidate senator bernie sanders said sunday he would have preferred to see hillary clinton select someone like senator elizabeth warren for the vice presidential spot over senator tim kaine. “i have known tim kaine for a number of years...tim is a very
 bypassing liberals"
" new york (reuters) - republican presidential nominee donald trump has pulled nearly even with democratic rival hillary clinton for the first time since may
"los angeles (reuters) - dr. linda liau works with the precision of a master
"budapest (reuters) - hungarian prime minister viktor orban on saturday said donald trump had proposed security policies that europe should take to heart to solve a security crisis he blames on uncontrolled immigration. speaking at a summer university in baile tusnad
"seattle (reuters) - an alaska law requiring doctors to notify the parents of girls under the age of 18 seeking an abortion violates the state’s constitution and cannot be enforced
"richmond
"san diego (reuters) - a u.s. judge on friday tentatively rejected republican presidential nominee donald trump’s bid to dismiss a lawsuit by trump university students who said they were defrauded through its real-estate seminars. u.s. district judge gonzalo curiel in san diego told a hearing he would take under consideration arguments on both sides in the case and issue a written ruling in the coming weeks.  the 2013 lawsuit
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on friday signed into law a measure that pledges greater efforts to protect drug-dependent newborns and assist their parents. the comprehensive addiction and recovery act also stresses drug treatment and overdose prevention to help stanch the nation’s heroin and opioid drug epidemic. obama said in a statement that 78 americans die from opioid overdose every day
" new york (reuters) - donald trump has said a lot of things that
"washington (reuters) - the dark vision of america under siege described by donald trump in his acceptance speech for the republican presidential nomination does not mesh with reality
"baton rouge
 vows to put 'america first'"
 after meeting mexican leader
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on friday that globalization is a fact that “we’re not going to be able to build a wall around” but that it was important to work to shape the process so that it benefits not just big companies but small firms as well. the u.s. leader
mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto said on friday he respects both of the leading candidates to be the next president of the united states and will seek a “frank and open” dialogue with the eventual winner. pena nieto make the comments at a joint appearance with u.s. president barack obama at the white house in washington. 
"new york (reuters) - the democratic party has selected a handful of undocumented immigrants for official roles at next week’s democratic national convention
" cleveland/new york (reuters) - at times
 trump team serves lighter fare"
 wall street"
"washington (reuters) - republican foreign policy veterans and outside experts warned that the suggestion by republican presidential nominee donald trump that he might abandon nato’s pledge to automatically defend all alliance members could destroy an organization that has helped keep the peace for 66 years and could invite russian aggression. “statements like these make the world more dangerous and the united states less safe
 security commitments"
 party grapples with identity crisis"
 bowling: scenes from the other republican convention"
 and (so far) few protesters came"
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon on friday updated its law of war manual after a previous version came under fire for appearing to allow commanders to treat journalists as belligerents or spies. the u.s. department of defense manual
"san francisco (reuters) - silicon valley investor peter thiel
"washington/kuala lumpur (reuters) - the white house urged malaysia on thursday to demonstrate good governance and a transparent business climate
 scrap nafta"
 music roles in malaysia fund asset seizure"
"cleveland (reuters) - ted cruz was recounting to an audience how he had outlasted most of his 16 rivals for the republican presidential nomination when a plane carrying the man who had won it all
 vattenfall to build scottish wind farm near golf resort"
"washington (reuters) - the united states has an “ironclad” commitment to mutual defense among the nato allies
"brussels (reuters) - nato secretary-general jens stoltenberg said on thursday he would not interfere in the u.s. election campaign
 exposing republican rift"
"cleveland (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump is considering nominating oklahoma oil and gas mogul harold hamm as energy secretary if elected to the white house on nov. 8
 trump's new fundraising machine ramps up"
"cleveland (reuters) - u.s. senator ted cruz’s wife was escorted off the floor of the republican convention on wednesday night as delegates booed her husband’s refusal to endorse donald trump in his speech to delegates. republican ken cuccinelli
 tibet"
"washington (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton
"cleveland/washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump has called climate change a hoax and has vowed not to let regulation stand in the way of expanded u.s. oil drilling if elected. but a group of his supporters at the republican national convention in cleveland this week are lobbying him to soften that stance. youth
"cleveland (reuters) - a staff writer for the trump organization took responsibility on wednesday for the “chaos” caused by a speech given by the wife of u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump that drew accusations of plagiarism and cast a shadow over the party’s convention this week. the writer
"cleveland (reuters) - if he wins the presidency
"new york (reuters) - a federal appeals court said on wednesday the u.s. government cannot seize a midtown manhattan office tower originally built by the shah of iran
 ferrari selling some new vehicles with faulty air bags: u.s. senate report"
"cleveland (reuters) - a staff writer of the trump organization
 u.s. hispanic chamber of commerce endorses clinton for president"
"falls church
 ryan touts his agenda in cleveland
 trump captures republican nomination"
 horse and foot
"cleveland (reuters) - melania trump’s speech at the republican national convention has ignited controversy because it contained a section strikingly similar to words delivered at the democratic convention in 2008 by the woman she hopes to succeed as u.s. first lady
"cleveland (reuters) - donald trump’s tough talk on law and order in a time of growing national insecurity appears to be winning over some of his fiercest skeptics - women initially put off by his swaggering tone
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump narrowed his deficit to democratic rival hillary clinton to 7 percentage points from 15 points late last week
"(reuters) - melania trump’s big night at the republican national convention failed to draw bumper television audiences despite networks boosting their coverage of the gathering and husband donald trump promising a “showbiz” feel to the week. according to nielsen ratings data on tuesday from seven leading broadcast and cable networks
"cleveland (reuters) - efforts by some delegates to block the republican national convention from nominating donald trump for president appear finished
"cleveland (reuters) - three women were arrested on tuesday after climbing a flagpole near the site of this week’s u.s. republican national convention and hanging a banner protesting the party’s presidential candidate
"washington (reuters) - a joint project of boeing co and textron inc unit bell helicopter is being awarded a $545 million modification to a previously awarded u.s. defense contract
"washington (reuters) - the united states has filed a lawsuit against dyncorp international inc alleging that it submitted inflated claims in connection with a u.s. government contract to train iraqi police forces
" washington (reuters) - merrick garland hit an unwanted milestone on tuesday as the federal appeals court judge’s nomination to the u.s. supreme court reached its 125th day with no senate action
"cleveland (reuters) - police in cleveland said that no gunshots had been fired on a transport vehicle near the site of the republican national convention on tuesday following a reuters report of gunshots. “there were no shots fired on any of our police transport vehicles right now near the quicken loans arena
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department is changing its social media policy following a tweet mistakenly sent from the department’s official account on tuesday that called cnn “the biggest troll of them all
"cleveland (reuters) - donald trump’s wife melania
"richmond
"cleveland (reuters) - as republicans spilled into cleveland on monday to nominate donald trump as their presidential candidate
 separated by police"
 amid strong ad sales
 take two of these and call a muslim in the morning"
"cleveland (reuters) - the u.s. republican party on monday approved a new policy platform that calls for reinstating the 1933 glass-steagall law requiring the separation of commercial and investment banking
"new york (reuters) - hillary clinton promised on monday to bring the “full weight of the law” against people who kill police officers if she becomes the next u.s. president after two recent episodes of gunmen slaying police officers in dallas and baton rouge. clinton
"washington (reuters) - when the u.s. congress returns in september from a summer recess
"washington (reuters) - in a last-ditch effort to revive a white house plan to protect up to 4 million immigrants from deportation
"cleveland (reuters) - the republican national convention was in an uproar on monday after opponents of presumptive u.s. presidential nominee donald trump failed in their effort to hold a roll-call vote in opposition to his candidacy. the anti-trump forces at the cleveland convention started shouting “roll call” after the party leaders approved by acclamation rules at the start of the convention that barred them from registering their opposition. party leaders declared there was insufficient support to allow for a roll-call vote that would record the number of delegates opposed to trump
 kerry pays tribute to eu achievements"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general loretta lynch on monday strongly condemned the weekend slaying of three louisiana police officers and said federal authorities were working to help restore public trust in police following a series of violent incidents. lynch
"cleveland (reuters) - cleveland’s police union called for the suspension of a state law allowing people to carry firearms during the republican national convention but ohio’s governor said he was powerless to act despite heightened security concerns with the killing on sunday of three police officers in louisiana.  republican donald trump seized on the shooting deaths in baton rouge
"cleveland (reuters) - the head of the cleveland police union on sunday urged ohio’s governor to declare a state of emergency and to suspend laws allowing the open carrying of firearms during the republican national convention
"new york (reuters) - donald trump
"cleveland (reuters) - ohio governor john kasich lacks the power to suspend a state law allowing citizens to openly carry guns
"cleveland (reuters) - republican donald trump responded to the killing of three police officers in louisiana on sunday by renewing his call for greater leadership and “law and order.”  “we grieve for the officers killed in baton rouge today. how many law enforcement and people have to die because of a lack of leadership in our country?” trump
"washington (reuters) - federal election observers can only be sent to five states in this year’s u.s. presidential election
 and unease
"(reuters) - in 1990
 trump touts vp pick pence as man to unify party"
"cleveland (reuters) - in an age of social media and sound bites
"new york (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump on saturday described as “horror beyond belief” the truck attack in nice
"cleveland (reuters) - cleveland on friday set up concrete traffic dividers and tall metal fences around next week’s republican national convention site
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump’s choice of indiana governor mike pence as his vice presidential running mate on friday helped bolster support among some conservatives skeptical about his policies
 republican convention asks adelson for donation"
"raleigh
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump trailed democratic rival hillary clinton by 12 percentage points in a reuters/ipsos poll released on friday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress on friday released a long-classified section of the official report on the sept. 11 attacks describing an array of potential links between some of the hijackers and officials in saudi arabia. the 28 pages of the report on the 2002 investigation focus on potential saudi government ties to the 2001 aircraft attacks on the united states
"washington (reuters) - saudi arabia welcomed on friday the release of classified pages of the official report on the sept. 11 attacks
"cleveland/washington (reuters) - donald trump’s choice of mike pence as his vice presidential running mate has irked some republican activists who see the indiana governor’s years of opposition to gay rights initiatives as a setback to efforts to broaden the party’s appeal. the pick could bolster trump’s support among religious conservatives
"washington (reuters) - saudi arabia’s foreign minister said on friday he welcomed the release of a long-classified section of the official report on the sept. 11 attacks that discussed potential links between some of the hijackers and saudi arabia. “the matter is now finished
 knowing large hurdles remain"
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump neared the end of his vice presidential search on thursday and appeared to be leaning toward indiana governor mike pence
 democrats sharply divided over muslims in america: reuters/ipsos poll"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan welcomed republican presidential candidate donald trump’s choice of mike pence as a running mate on friday
"washington/new york (reuters) - republican donald trump’s selection of indiana governor mike pence as his running mate cheered the u.s. energy industry and dismayed green advocates
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. budget deficit is projected to rise to $600 billion in 2016
"(reuters) - police in the california city of san jose
 financial services measures"
 clinton tests senator tim kaine as a 'safe' vp pick"
"washington (reuters) - as u.s. secretary of state john kerry met with russian president vladimir putin in moscow on thursday to propose close military coordination in syria
 citing reuters investigation"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump said on twitter he postponed a news conference scheduled for friday in new york to announce his running mate because of the deadly truck attack in nice
"(reuters) - a milwaukee-based immigrants rights group canceled plans to take children to demonstrations outside the republican national convention
"washington (reuters) - lawmakers in the u.s. house of representatives introduced long-stalled legislation on thursday that would make it a federal crime to share sexually explicit material of a person online without the subject’s consent. the “intimate privacy protection act” is an effort several years in the making to combat the rise in recent years of “revenge porn
 homeland security chiefs preparing for violence at political conventions"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg on thursday said she regrets making critical comments about republican presidential contender donald trump. “on reflection
"(reuters) - for the scores of photographers on the 2016 u.s. presidential campaign trail
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative peter defazio on wednesday unveiled legislation to tax financial trades that will likely wither in congress but could stoke partisan fires in the presidential election. the oregon democrat’s bill would levy a 0.03 percent tax on most financial trades
 trump's running mate pick"
"washington (reuters) - the united states is not coordinating its military operations in syria with russia
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump thrust the u.s. supreme court into the presidential campaign debate on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. state department officials told members of congress on tuesday that legislation that would allow families of sept. 11 victims to sue saudi arabia is opposed by important u.s. allies and posed a national security risk. but many members of a house of representatives judiciary committee subcommittee expressed strong support at a hearing for the “justice against sponsors of terrorism act
"berlin (reuters) - britain’s nigel farage will be at the republican convention in cleveland next week to dole out lessons from his brexit campaign. so will geert wilders
 clinton hurt by emails: poll"
"farnborough
"(reuters) - a tennessee state lawmaker was accused of inappropriate sexual conduct with 22 women over a four-year period in a state attorney general’s report released on wednesday.  republican representative jeremy durham repeatedly made unwelcomed advances toward female legislative staff
"washington (reuters) - cia director john brennan said on wednesday he would resign if the next president ordered his agency to resume waterboarding suspected militants
"in a speech weighted with america’s complicated racial history
washington (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump tweeted on wednesday night that he would announce his vice presidential pick on friday at 11 a.m. (1500 gmt) in manhattan. 
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will sign legislation passed by congress aimed at combating a nationwide epidemic of heroin and other opioid addictions
"washington (reuters) - the house of representatives passed legislation on wednesday to block the purchase of “heavy water” from iran
"san diego (reuters) - u.s. district judge gonzalo curiel said on wednesday he would take more time to decide whether video excerpts of republican presidential candidate donald trump answering questions under oath about his trump university seminars should be made public. curiel is overseeing two class-action lawsuits in san diego over the real estate seminar venture. a separate fraud case by new york state’s attorney general is pending. trump has suggested curiel is biased against him because of his campaign rhetoric about illegal immigration. curiel was born in indiana but is of mexican descent.  on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - a group of conservative republicans in the house of representatives has filed a measure aimed at forcing a vote to impeach internal revenue service commissioner john koskinen
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration’s plan to prevent american companies from shifting their headquarters overseas to avoid u.s. taxes is coming under fire from companies and banks that say it would be costly and cumbersome. at issue are proposed treasury regulations to combat “earnings stripping
"(reuters) - republican white house hopeful donald trump is seeking $10 million in damages from a fired former employee
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on wednesday approved a bill that would upgrade security at u.s. airports in the aftermath of the brussels and istanbul attacks while extending funds for the federal aviation administration for another 14 months. in an 89-to-4 vote
 massachusetts attorneys general"
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump pulled ahead of democratic presidential rival hillary clinton in florida and pennsylvania in a quinnipiac poll released on wednesday that included responses after the fbi released its findings on clinton’s email use. clinton lost ground on honesty and moral standards in the poll that showed tight races in florida
"(reuters) - former democratic senator and indiana governor evan bayh announced on wednesday that he will come out of retirement to run for the u.s. senate
 trump calls on justice ginsburg to resign"
"(reuters) - the new black panther party
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential hopeful hillary clinton extended her lead over republican rival donald trump to 13 percentage points in a reuters/ipsos opinion poll released on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump is expected to announce his choice for running mate at a campaign event on friday
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. presidential candidate hillary clinton’s campaign is vetting retired navy admiral james stavridis as a potential vice presidential running mate
"washington (reuters) - puerto rico
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on tuesday voted to work on a compromise with the house of representatives on what could become the broad energy legislation passed by congress in nearly a decade.  the senate voted 84 to 3 to go to formal conference with the house on legislation to take modest steps on modernizing the power grid
"portsmouth
 zika as summer break nears"
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. law enforcement official
"chicago (reuters) - former two-term illinois governor rod blagojevich is seeking a drastically reduced sentence that would see him released from federal prison within a year after convictions in 2011 for corruption charges including extortion and wire fraud
 trump perhaps better the devil they don't know"
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairmen of two u.s. house of representatives committees asked the justice department on monday to launch an investigation into whether democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton committed perjury during testimony to congress about her use of a private email server. “the evidence collected by the fbi during its investigation of secretary clinton’s use of a personal email system appears to directly contradict several aspects of her sworn testimony” to congress
"washington (reuters) - prospects dimmed on monday for the u.s. house of representatives to vote this week on republican legislation to restrict gun sales to suspected extremists before congress goes on a seven-week summer break.  republicans including house speaker paul ryan have been under pressure to act on gun legislation since the june 12 mass shootings at a gay nightclub in orlando
"washington (reuters) - the house of representatives on monday approved an aviation bill that would upgrade security at u.s. airports in the aftermath of the brussels and istanbul attacks while extending funds for the federal aviation administration for another 14 months. the approval
"(reuters) - president barack obama on monday urged congress to reconsider offering a government-run health insurance option alongside private plans on the exchanges created as part of his national healthcare law.  in an article published in the online edition of the journal of the american medical association
 u.s. lawmakers still take aim at iran nuclear deal"
 clinton"
 but some divisions linger"
"washington (reuters) - democrat baron hill on monday announced he was leaving the race for an open u.s. senate seat in indiana
"washington (reuters) - the republican chairman of the house of representatives armed services committee said on monday that president barack obama must ask congress for additional funds to pay the deployment of more troops to iraq
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said on monday he expects to select a running mate in the “next three to four days” and that he was leaning toward someone with political rather than military credentials
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan will address the republican national convention this month after his staff reached a deal with party officials and the campaign of presidential candidate donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the shocking shooting deaths of five dallas police officers have magnified the challenge that hillary clinton faces as she tries to reassure both voters jittery about social unrest and activists angry about law-enforcement abuses that she is on their side. for clinton
 u.s.: eu trade commissioner"
"(reuters) - pennsylvania governor tom wolf said late on sunday a bill to increase funding in the state will become law
"madrid (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on sunday that the u.s. government has to improve its cyber security practices for the modern age of smart phones and other technology
"washington (reuters) - retired lt. gen. michael flynn
"madrid (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama has warned that attacks on police over racial bias would hurt the anti-racism black lives matter movement
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump is giving consideration to retired lieutenant general michael flynn as a potential vice presidential running mate
"washington (reuters) - a trade deal fight led by u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders on saturday failed to fully materialize as rival and presumptive nominee hillary clinton announced a compromise to expand mandatory healthcare funding over the next decade. at a meeting of the democratic party draft platform committee in orlando
 citizens: obama"
"warsaw (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on saturday he was concerned about how the state department handles classified information but cast this as part of a government-wide challenge in the age of email
"washington (reuters) - republican party chief reince priebus expressed confidence on saturday that security will be able to handle any protests at the party’s convention later this month in cleveland
"raf fairford
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on saturday that the prevalence of guns in u.s. society is one factor behind american violence and the fact that there was a gun in the car contributed to the shooting of a black minnesota man last week. “in minneapolis
"new york (reuters) - hillary clinton disputed a scathing assessment by the federal bureau of investigation that she was “extremely careless” with classified government secrets
 americans yearn for third choice: reuters/ipsos poll"
 testing trump
 says burk"
"cleveland (reuters) - cleveland police on friday tightened their security plan for the republican national convention after the deadly shootings of police officers in dallas
"tampa
"new york (reuters) - the november u.s. presidential election is being sold by the major parties as a defining moment for the next generation of americans. but stock and options traders
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives’ special benghazi committee approved its report on friday on the attack in libya that killed four americans in 2012
"new york/washington (reuters) - hillary clinton has found herself in the middle of a fight within the u.s. democratic party over the pacific rim trade pact
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative corrine brown
"baton rouge
"warsaw
"(reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday approved legislation that would for the first time require food to carry labels listing genetically-modified ingredients
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on thursday it will conduct an internal review of whether democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton and her aides mishandled classified information
"london (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said he was confident that britain and the european union would be able to agree an orderly transition to a new relationship after last month’s brexit vote. “as difficult as it will be
"washington (reuters) - fbi director james comey told u.s. lawmakers on thursday that fbi employees who mishandled classified material in the way hillary clinton did as secretary of state could be subject to dismissal or loss of security clearance.   comey addressed the issue at a house of representatives committee hearing that lasted nearly five hours after house speaker paul ryan said in a letter to director of national intelligence james clapper that clinton should be denied classified briefings during her campaign for the presidency. comey
"washington (reuters) - donald trump endured some blunt exchanges when he met republican members of congress on thursday but several lawmakers
"washington (reuters) - the white house and congressional democrats pressured republicans on thursday for bipartisan zika-funding legislation
"washington (reuters) - democrat bernie sanders is expected to endorse presidential rival hillary clinton on tuesday at a campaign event in new hampshire
 russia
 on moscow visit
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers sharply criticized president barack obama’s administration on thursday over the disappearance of a former guantanamo detainee
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday “all options” were being considered over the possible discipline of house democrats for protests they held on the house floor to call for action on gun-control measures. with democrats already rejecting a republican gun bill and warning of further protests
"washington (reuters) - international monetary fund managing director christine lagarde warned in an interview published on thursday that anti-trade policies like those championed by republican presidential candidate donald trump risked a protectionist movement that could severely damage global growth. lagarde told the financial times that with britain’s vote to leave the european union already casting a shadow over global growth
 break law in email handling"
"washington (reuters) - top republicans in the u.s. congress pressed for sanctions on thursday against democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton for mishandling classified information
 says no charges"
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton on thursday will unveil proposals to help small businesses fight fraudulent practices by larger firms
 vents at news media in campaign speech"
 republican party boost fundraising in june"
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers in u.s. congress on wednesday rejected two democratic amendments to provide nearly $1 billion in funding for bipartisan legislation intended to combat america’s opioid epidemic
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump’s list of potential vice presidential running mates got a little shorter on wednesday when one prominent u.s. senator withdrew from consideration and a second said she wanted to focus on her home state. the moves by bob corker of tennessee and joni ernst of iowa could complicate trump’s efforts to rally establishment republicans behind his presidential bid. with trump looking at a self-imposed deadline of july 15 to announce his pick
 clinton aides could find it harder to get security clearances"
"atlantic city
"new york (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton’s campaign laid out states critical to the u.s. presidential election in a memo to supporters dated wednesday
"washington (reuters) - democratic presumptive presidential nominee hillary clinton could receive her rival bernie sanders’ endorsement at a public event next week
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house of representatives panel will debate legislation on thursday intended to block boeing co’s planned sale of dozens of commercial aircraft to iran
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on wednesday said lawmakers are examining whether there is any action they can take over hillary clinton’s email practices while secretary of state
"tbilisi (reuters) - secretary of state john kerry told ex-soviet georgia that the united states would help it bolster its army as he reassured a close u.s. ally days before a nato summit expected to focus on the threat a resurgent russia poses. kerry
"washington (reuters) - a divided republican party on wednesday fought over gun control legislation that was cobbled together following last month’s mass shooting in orlando
 cut tuition"
"washington (reuters) - representative mac thornberry
 in shift
"(reuters) - u.s. attorney general loretta lynch will testify before the house judiciary committee on july 12 on a number of issues facing the justice department
"(reuters) - fbi director james comey is set to testify before the u.s. house oversight committee on thursday about the agency’s decision not to recommend charges against hillary clinton over her use of a personal email server while serving at the state department
"washington (reuters) - the fbi report scolding democrat hillary clinton over her email practices as secretary of state plays into a chief vulnerability that her rival
 but fbi recommends no charges"
"washington (reuters) - in declining to seek prosecution of hillary clinton
"washington (reuters) - u.s. congressional republicans on tuesday resisted democratic demands for a vote on gun-control measures and warned that some could face punishment for an unusual sit-in last month that tied up the house of representatives for 25 hours. with democrats already rejecting a republican gun bill and warning of further protests
"washington (reuters) - donald trump is taking some of his potential vice presidential running mates out for a test drive this week
"(reuters) - a federal judge on tuesday blocked kansas governor sam brownback’s efforts to remove planned parenthood
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton widened her lead over likely republican nominee donald trump to 13 percentage points in a reuters/ipsos opinion poll released on tuesday. the july 1-5 poll included responses gathered mostly over the holiday weekend
"(reuters) - a divided federal appeals court on tuesday gave the u.s. department of justice broad leeway to police password theft under a 1984 anti-hacking law
"(reuters) - fbi director james comey undercut some of the main arguments hillary clinton has made in defense of her use of an unauthorized private email system while she was u.s. secretary of state.  the federal bureau of investigation began investigating clinton’s email system after government watchdogs found that some of her messages contained classified government secrets last year. comey is recommending that clinton not face criminal charges. but in an unusual step
 says ready to 'pass baton' to clinton"
"washington (reuters) - a resolution calling for iran to release two u.s. citizens imprisoned there for months will be introduced on wednesday by house of representatives foreign affairs committee chairman ed royce
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on tuesday it disagreed with fbi director james comey’s assessment that the department as a whole has a lax attitude toward security compared to other u.s. government agencies. “we don’t share the broad assessment made of our institution that there’s a lax culture here when it comes to protecting classified information. we take it very
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on tuesday sharply criticized republican presidential candidate donald trump’s twitter post depicting democratic rival hillary clinton against a backdrop of cash and a star of david
"aboard air force one (reuters) - president barack obama will not speak with hillary clinton about the fbi’s investigation of clinton’s use of private email servers while secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on tuesday  attacked the decision by fbi director james comey to not recommend charges against democrat hillary clinton for use of a private email server
 director says"
"(reuters) - u.s. house majority leader kevin mccarthy said on tuesday he was still troubled by hillary clinton’s use of a personal email server when she was secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump attacked the decision by fbi director james comey to not recommend charges against democrat hillary clinton for use of a private email server
 former sanders staffer
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump on monday defended a social media post he made two days earlier that included an image depicting democratic rival hillary clinton against a backdrop of cash and a star of david
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump met with u.s. senator joni ernst of iowa on monday
"kabul (reuters) - the international military mission in afghanistan will fail if troop levels are reduced further
"new york (reuters) - top lawmakers from both major u.s. political parties said on sunday they trusted the justice department to appropriately handle its probe of presidential candidate hillary clinton’s private email server
 visiting pakistan
"sacramento
"new york (reuters) - the federal bureau of investigation interviewed democratic u.s. presidential candidate hillary clinton for three and a half hours on saturday as part of the probe into her use of a private email server while serving as secretary of state
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump on saturday tweeted an image of rival hillary clinton alongside hundred-dollar bills and a jewish star bearing the words “most corrupt candidate ever!”
"(reuters) - north carolina lawmakers adjourned for the year on friday night after leaving mostly intact a law restricting transgender bathroom access that has drawn condemnation and jeopardized the state’s efforts to host the nba all-star game
 christie lead trump list of vice presidential options"
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives on friday introduced a measure intended to prevent gun sales to people on government watch lists
 lawmakers seek harsher sentences for gun offenders"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. democratic party’s 2016 policy platform calls for reviews of trade deals
 bridge projects"
 expands assault weapons ban"
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential hopeful hillary clinton’s lead over republican donald trump has dipped into the single digits among likely u.s. voters for the first time in nearly two weeks
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general loretta lynch
"san juan (reuters) - puerto rico on friday said it will default on $779 million worth of constitutionally backed debt
"washington (reuters) - donald trump will meet this weekend with indiana governor mike pence
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton in june raised more than $68.5 million for her campaign and the democratic party
"tampa
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. report on the number of civilian casualties from american counterterrorism strikes will be issued later on friday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department investigation into former secretary of state hillary clinton’s email use is being handled completely independently of the white house and president barack obama
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on friday said congress must end its deadlock on funding to combat the zika virus before lawmakers head out to recess later this summer. “the good news is we feel fairly confident that we can develop an effective vaccine for zika
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general loretta lynch said on friday she understands how her meeting with former president bill clinton “casts a shadow” over the perception of independence in the investigation her department is conducting into his wife’s email use.  bill clinton met with lynch on her plane in phoenix on monday night
"washington - republican donald trump said on thursday that if elected president nov. 8 he would be open to drawing nato forces into the fight against islamic state militants in a new mission for an alliance he has called obsolete. trump made the comments in an interview with abc news. the presumptive republican presidential nominee has for months raised questions about the money the united states pours into nato
"san juan (reuters) - puerto rico authorized suspension of payments on its general obligation debt on thursday just minutes after u.s. president barack obama signed a law creating a federal oversight board with authority to negotiate the restructuring of the island’s $70 billion in debt. the executive order issued by puerto rico’s governor
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives
san juan (reuters) - puerto rican governor alejandro garcia padilla on thursday issued an executive order authorizing the suspension of payment on approximately $800 million worth of constitutionally-guaranteed general obligation bonds due on july 1.     the suspension follows u.s. president barack obama’s signing into law earlier on thursday of a plan that gives a federal oversight board authority for negotiating the restructuring of the island’s $70 billion debt and bringing the struggling u.s. territory’s finances under control. 
"washington (reuters) - seven u.s. senators urged secretary of state john kerry on thursday to press bahrain’s government to do more to promote political and social reform
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama is set to sign into law a relief plan to help puerto rico address its $70 billion debt
"san juan (reuters) - puerto rico’s semi-public power utility
"sarande
 not politics: white house"
"washington (reuters) - congressional republicans on tuesday accused hillary clinton’s state department of failing to protect four americans killed in a 2012 attack in libya
"(reuters) - it could take years to learn how long men infected with zika are capable of sexually transmitting the virus
 sends to obama"
"ottawa (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on wednesday he expects the world economy will be steady in the short run after britain’s decision to leave the european union but expressed concern about longer term global growth. obama
"cleveland (reuters) - a federal judge ruled on wednesday that ohio’s secretary of state was within his rights to strip thousands of inactive voters from the rolls
 not populist"
"washington (reuters) - presidential candidate donald trump on wednesday lashed out at the u.s. chamber of commerce’s scathing criticism of his stance on trade
"ottawa (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on wednesday he is confident europeans will come up with a prudent plan to move forward after britain’s vote last week to leave the european union.  “despite some of the initial reactions
 pursue trump"
"cleveland (reuters) - a federal judge on wednesday authorized a new plan allowing protesters at next month’s republican national convention in cleveland to demonstrate in an area that will be readily visible to convention goers. the new plan
"(reuters) - as the u.s. presidential campaign heats up
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate is aiming to finish its work and vote later on wednesday on final passage of a relief plan to help puerto rico address its $70 billion debt
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joseph biden on wednesday announced plans as part of the administration’s “cancer moonshot” initiative
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of defense ash carter
 authority for derivatives regulator"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration and u.s. senate republican leaders scrambled on tuesday to garner enough support to get a puerto rico debt relief bill through a critical procedural vote set for wednesday which several lawmakers predicted would be close. after months of waiting for congress to act as puerto rico’s economic crisis progressively worsened
"new york (reuters) - dominican-born adriano espaillat claimed victory on tuesday in the u.s. congressional race to succeed longtime representative charles rangel
 fund clean air efforts"
"phoenix (reuters) - u.s. attorney general loretta lynch said on tuesday that it was important for the justice department to look at individuals in the ongoing criminal investigation into the volkswagen (vowg_p.de) emissions scandal. asked whether she would like to see company executives held accountable for the company’s wrongdoing
"new york (reuters) - supporters of u.s. presidential candidate donald trump are more likely to describe african americans as “criminal
 or toss
"phoenix (reuters) - u.s. attorney general loretta lynch said on tuesday fighting economic espionage was a priority for the department of justice. interviewed by reuters in phoenix
"washington (reuters) - without action by congress to help puerto rico deal with its debt
"washington (reuters) - senate democratic leader harry reid said on tuesday that he will support a bill to address puerto rico’s financial crisis when it comes up for an important procedural vote on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senator ron wyden said on tuesday he will vote for a crucial puerto rico debt restructuring bill
"phoenix (reuters) - the obama administration is looking into whether it can challenge the supreme court’s decision to block president barack obama’s plan to spare millions of illegal immigrants from deportation
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential hopeful hillary clinton posted an 11 percentage point lead over her republican rival donald trump
 blasts 'colonialism' in puerto rico"
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator ted cruz on tuesday accused the obama administration of under-emphasizing the “threat of radical islam” as he presided over a senate hearing for the second time since suspending his presidential campaign in early may. president barack obama and top justice department officials have come under fire from conservatives for avoiding the term “radical islam” when denouncing attacks by violent extremists who claim inspiration from islamic state
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. congressional watchdog said on tuesday it has formally added three agencies to its investigation into whether government regulators are too soft on the banks they are meant to police. in march
"(reuters) - presumptive democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton on tuesday laid out a technology and innovation agenda ranging from connecting every u.s. household to high-speed internet by 2020 to beefing up cyber security and reducing regulatory barriers. a statement issued by her campaign said clinton strongly supports the obama administration’s net neutrality rules requiring broadband providers to treat all data equally
"washington (reuters) - white house spokesman josh earnest
"washington (reuters) - the white house on tuesday blasted republicans in the u.s. house of representatives for using a panel to investigate the 2012 attack in benghazi
 war continuing"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers deadlocked over funding to fight the zika virus on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - funding to battle the zika virus failed to advance in the u.s. senate on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - paul ryan
 setbacks from a divided supreme court"
 tosses texas law"
"austin
"(reuters) - the battle over abortion was expected to shift to measures focusing on the fetus in the wake of the u.s. supreme court’s decision striking down a texas law enacted in the name of maternal health. the 5-3 ruling held that texas clinic regulations put an undue burden on women seeking abortion
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary jack lew on monday called on the senate to take immediate action this week to address puerto rico’s $70 billion debt crisis before the critical july 1 deadline for the island territory’s next debt payments. “the senate should take up the matter immediately
"washington/new york (reuters) - after months of waiting for the u.s. congress to act as puerto rico’s economic crisis progressively worsened
 opposing fbi email data grabs
"toronto (reuters) - only one-in-four canadians say the north american free trade agreement (nafta) is good for their country
 three amigos: obama heads to last summit with canada
 warren says trump driven by greed"
 predict national impact"
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court’s key rulings on abortion
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday handed a victory to abortion rights advocates
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on monday that he was pleased with a u.s. supreme court ruling that struck down a texas abortion law. “as the brief filed by the solicitor general makes clear and as the court affirmed today
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton on monday praised the supreme court ruling striking down texas abortion restrictions as “a victory for women in texas and across america.” “this fight isn’t over: the next president has to protect women’s health. women won’t be ‘punished’ for exercising their basic rights
 
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court is set to rule on monday on a legal challenge by abortion providers to a texas law requiring doctors performing the procedure to have “admitting privileges” at local hospitals and clinics to meet hospital-grade standards.  following is a timeline of that challenge. july 2013 - the republican-led texas legislature passes and republican governor rick perry signs the law known as h.b. 2
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton’s presidential campaign accused donald trump on sunday of caring more about how britain’s historic vote to leave the european union would benefit his financial bottom line than how it would impact the u.s. economy. clinton campaign manager robby mook acknowledged parallels between the populist anger and anti-establishment fervor that fueled the brexit vote and trump’s rise to the nomination
"aberdeen
"toronto (reuters) - transcanada corp is formally requesting arbitration over u.s. president barack obama’s rejection of the keystone xl pipeline
"palo alto
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential contender hillary clinton regained a double-digit lead over republican rival donald trump this week
"seattle (reuters) - the financial and political fallout from britain’s vote to leave the european union has added to a string of setbacks for president barack obama as he works to burnish his legacy before his presidency ends in january 2017. the brexit decision came after a deadlock in the u.s. supreme court on thursday effectively ended obama’s push to overhaul immigration rules
 he says"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential hopeful bernie sanders said on friday he would vote for hillary clinton to stop republican donald trump from winning the white house
"palo alto
 to vote for clinton"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on friday said the united states remains committed to bringing home americans held captive overseas and helping their families
 rockefellers clash with u.s. house panel on exxon climate probes"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on friday designated the site of a watershed event in the history of u.s. gay rights
"washington/new york (reuters) - britain’s stunning vote to leave the european union
"washington (reuters) - britain’s looming exit from the european union is another huge setback for negotiations on a massive u.s.-eu free trade deal that were already stalled by deeply entrenched differences and growing anti-trade sentiment on both sides of the atlantic.  the historic divorce launched by thursday’s vote will almost certainly further delay substantial progress in the transatlantic trade and investment partnership (ttip) talks as the remaining 27 eu states sort out their own new relationship with britain
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon is confident that defense ties with britain will continue and u.s. secretary of defense ash carter spoke with his counterpart by phone after britain voted to leave the european union
 going on about golf is par for the course"
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of lawmakers on friday pledged to build support in the u.s. house of representatives for legislation keeping firearms from people on terrorism watch lists
"london (reuters) - new york real estate developer donald trump says he has “unlimited” personal wealth to fund his white house run
 aclu agree on protest limits at republican convention"
 house republicans offer plan to slice u.s. tax rates"
"washington (reuters) - even after britain’s vote to leave the european union
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration on friday rolled out a series of education and work training initiatives focused on helping convicted criminals avoid returning to prison
"glasgow
"washington (reuters) - the united states’ cooperation with britain on security issues will remain strong
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton said on friday said she respected the united kingdom’s vote on leaving the european union and was committed to maintaining america’s relationships with both britain and european countries. “our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families here in america
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on friday he respected britain’s vote to leave the european union
 eu for a smooth transition post-brexit: blinken"
"washington (reuters) - republicans cheered after the u.s. supreme court on thursday thwarted president barack obama’s plan to offer millions of undocumented immigrants relief from deportation
"turnberry
 democrat sit-in ends"
"san francisco (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama was briefed by his advisers late on thursday on britain’s vote to leave the european union
"(reuters) - a blackout of television cameras in the u.s. house representatives during the democrats’ gun control sit-in may have spurred public interest in the protest as it forced the demonstrators to use social media to broadcast their message. democrats leapt on facebook live and twitter’s periscope after the cameras
"washington (reuters) - democrats in congress ended a 25-hour sit-in on the floor of the house of representatives where they have been countless times before: short of the votes needed to tighten u.s. gun laws. but many see their latest defeat as a prelude to victory in the nov. 8 elections. spurred by the deadliest mass shooting in modern u.s. history
"washington (reuters) - the white house on thursday threatened to veto the $1.1 billion approved by the u.s. house of representatives to fight the zika virus
"new york (reuters) - the computer technician who set up hillary clinton’s private email server for her work as u.s. secretary of state declined to answer questions more than 125 times during a deposition ordered by a federal judge
"the following timeline charts the origin and spread of the zika virus from its discovery nearly 70 years ago: 1947: scientists researching yellow fever in uganda’s zika forest identify the virus in a rhesus monkey 1948: virus recovered from aedes africanus mosquito in zika forest 1952: first human cases detected in uganda and tanzania 1954: virus found in nigeria 1960s-80s: zika detected in mosquitoes and monkeys across equatorial africa 1969–83: zika found in equatorial asia
"global health officials are racing to better understand the zika virus behind a major outbreak that began in brazil last year and has spread to many countries in the americas.  the following are some questions and answers about the virus and current outbreak: how do people become infected? zika is transmitted to people through the bite of infected female mosquitoes
"aboard air force one (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that president barack obama had been briefed about a masked man who took hostages at a cinema in western germany and was later killed by police. white house spokesman eric schultz told reporters that u.s. officials were in contact with their german counterparts about the situation
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump has forgiven nearly $50 million in loans he made to his presidential campaign
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday advanced a compromise gun control plan to stop people on some terrorism watch lists from buying guns
 democrat sit-in ends"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republicans aimed to hold a vote on thursday on whether to set aside bipartisan compromise gun control legislation that has been under negotiation for several days
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on thursday agreed to $1.1 billion to fight the zika virus
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader harry reid on wednesday threw his weight behind legislation being written that would stop gun sales to a limited number of people who are on some terrorism watch lists. “i support senator (susan) collins’ legislation to keep guns and explosives out of the hands of terrorists. even though it may be a small step forward
"(reuters) - democrats demanding action on gun control turned to twitter’s periscope and facebook’s live video platform to broadcast their “sit-in” on the floor of the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday after the chamber’s cameras shut down. representative scott peters of california told reuters he downloaded the online video platform periscope from the house floor after it became clear that chamber cameras were not operating.  “thanks to them
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives republicans moved to force an end to the democratic sit-in over gun control legislation by scheduling a vote on another issue later on wednesday night
"washington (reuters) - u.s. law enforcement officials have charged 301 suspects with trying to defraud medicare and other federal insurance programs in 2016
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. federal program that pays elderly americans’ hospital bills will exhaust its reserves in 2028
"washington (reuters) - the white house on thursday panned new republican legislation to put $1.1 billion toward fighting the zika virus
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader harry reid said an agreement announced on wednesday by house of representatives republicans on $1.1 billion in new funding to fight the zika virus was not a serious response to the threat. “a narrowly partisan proposal that cuts off women’s access to birth control
 says trump 'worrisome'"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on wednesday a sit-in by democratic representatives aimed at pushing for a vote on gun control legislation was a publicity stunt and he would not bring the bill up for a vote. “they know that we will not bring a bill that takes away a person’s constitutionally guaranteed rights without ... due process
 bush national security adviser scowcroft endorses clinton"
 rebukes trump's"
 trump calls clinton corrupt and a liar"
"washington (reuters) - harris corp was awarded a $1.7 billion firm-fixed-price
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders said that while he does not think he will be the party’s nominee for the nov. 8 election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi said on wednesday a sit-in on the house floor by democrats will continue until a gun control bill is brought to the floor of the chamber for debate. “we are in for the long haul here
"washington (reuters) - facing slumping poll numbers and a shakeup of his team
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives unveiled an alternative plan to overhaul the nation’s healthcare system on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - seven democratic senators urged the u.s. justice department on wednesday to block two mergers of major health insurance companies
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator elizabeth warren of massachusetts will campaign with presumptive democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton in ohio on monday
"(reuters) - florida’s republican lieutenant governor
"(reuters) - u.s. senator marco rubio said on wednesday that he was running for re-election in part to provide a counter-weight to whomever might win the white house in november
"lima (reuters) - peru’s president-elect pedro pablo kuczynski said amid laughter on tuesday that his government would sever ties with the united states if republican donald trump wins the u.s. presidential election in november. kuczynski
"new york (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton’s lead over republican rival donald trump has slipped by about five percentage points since mid-june
"los angeles (reuters) - former california senator ron calderon pleaded guilty in a federal court on tuesday to a single count of mail fraud
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senators pushed for a compromise gun control bill on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader harry reid said on tuesday that amendments were necessary to a puerto rico debt bill that senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said would be voted on by next week. reid
 cites personal wealth"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday he plans to bring a compromise gun control measure to a vote
"(reuters) - presumptive republican nominee donald trump has hired several new staff members to expand his campaign for the november election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry met on tuesday with about 10 of the 51 state department officials who last week wrote a cable disagreeing with u.s. policy toward syria and arguing for “a more militarily assertive u.s. role.” multiple u.s. officials have said they do not expect the memo
"washington (reuters) - federal appeals court judges on tuesday probed the intent behind a sweeping 2013 north carolina law that changed the state’s election rules. a lawyer for the state
"washington (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton said on tuesday that if republican rival donald trump wins the white house
"washington (reuters) - the american bar association issued a glowing evaluation of president barack obama’s u.s. supreme court nominee on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said he is willing to tap into his personal funds to cover any fundraising deficit he faces against democratic rival hillary clinton
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. military will not provide details on specific cases of american service members injured in iraq and syria because it could give information to islamic state militants
"(reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie on tuesday proposed overhauling the state’s education funding formula to provide all public school districts with a flat rate of $6
' father says"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s nominee to lead the u.s. military in africa on tuesday backed the idea of gaining greater power to strike islamic state
 kaine
 lags clinton"
"washington (reuters) - presidential candidate hillary clinton will meet with fellow democrats in the house of representatives on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on monday rejected four measures restricting gun sales after last week’s massacre in an orlando nightclub
"new york/washington (reuters) - donald trump fired corey lewandowski
"(reuters) - a man arrested over the weekend trying to wrestle a gun from a police officer at a las vegas rally held by republican presidential candidate donald trump told an investigator he wanted to kill the candidate
"new york (reuters) - hillary clinton has no shortage of economic advisors. scores of world-class experts pour ideas into her campaign on the policies she should champion in her bid for the white house. but before much of the input reaches the democratic candidate
 senate republicans set up vote to expand fbi spying"
 hate incidents"
 biden
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on monday blocked democratic legislation aimed at stopping sales of firearms to people on “terrorism watch lists.” the senate fell 13 votes short of clearing the measure for approval
washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on monday blocked a republican plan for keeping terrorism suspects from buying weapons by establishing a 72-hour review period for delaying the transactions. the senate fell seven votes short of clearing the way for approving the measure. the senate is now set to vote on a more sweeping democratic proposal to keep guns out of the hands of people on terrorism watch lists. 
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on monday blocked democratic legislation expanding federal background checks to all gun sales
"washington (reuters) - the fbi planned a 11:00 a.m. news conference monday near the pulse nightclub in orlando
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama made a plug on monday for the trans-pacific partnership trade deal to a group of 2
"new york (reuters) - a leading u.s. promoter of latino boxing
 defend obama strategy"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court agreed on monday to review a lower court decision that invalidated part of a former u.s. labor board official’s tenure
"(reuters) - republican u.s. presidential candidate donald trump said he was referring to security staff
"washington (reuters) - if the u.s. supreme court in the coming days decides a high-profile immigration case in favor of the obama administration
 abortion
"(reuters) - republican donald trump said on sunday the united states should consider more racial profiling
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court may weigh in this week on gun control
"london (reuters) - donald trump told britons on sunday he supported brexit
"washington (reuters) - democrats pushing for gun curbs after the latest mass shooting in the united states are co-opting a republican mantra to build public support and defang opposition: it’s time to get tough on national security. shoring up national security has long been a pillar of republican orthodoxy
"new york (reuters) - donald trump chipped away at hillary clinton’s lead in the presidential race this week
"albany
"houston (reuters) - a republican-led congressional committee sought on friday to assert oversight over inquiries that about 20 states are making into exxon mobil and climate change
 helps republicans raise money"
"carlsbad caverns national park
 senators formulate gun control compromise"
 saudi prince focus on iraq and syria in washington meeting"
"new york (reuters) - after successfully funding a campaign to pass a soda tax in philadelphia
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers should follow their conscience on whether to support donald trump in november’s presidential election
"washington (reuters) - two senior republican house of representatives lawmakers said on friday they were concerned that boeing co’s reported plans to sell aircraft to iran could threaten u.s. national security and had requested more information from the company. “american companies should not be complicit in weaponizing the iranian regime
"(reuters) - u.s. representative david jolly ended his bid for a u.s. senate seat from florida on friday
 but keeps campaign alive"
"washington (reuters) - a long-running battle over gun control in the united states reaches a critical stage next week in the u.s. senate amid signs americans are more willing to accept limited restrictions after the deadliest mass shooting in modern u.s. history. while it is far from likely new measures will pass
 republican lawmakers at a loss for words"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain said on thursday that president barack obama was “directly responsible” for attacks on americans like the one in florida because of policies that contributed to the rise of the islamic state. but the arizona republican later  said he misspoke. mccain
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration believes it will be able to process many more syrian refugees in the last half of fiscal 2016 than in the first six months
"chicago (reuters) - illinois’ long-running budget impasse stung the state on thursday in the u.s. municipal market where buyers of its $550 million bond issue demanded bigger yields over the market benchmark. the pricing was “surprisingly soft
"new york (reuters) - philadelphia mayor jim kenney scored a victory that had eluded more than 40 u.s. public officials who took on the powerful u.s. soda industry when the city council voted on thursday to slap a tax on sweetened drinks.  after a bitter
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator marco rubio of florida said on wednesday he is  considering running for re-election and may decide to jump into the race as early as this weekend
"washington (reuters) - a vote on gun control measures in the u.s. senate seeking to prevent the sale of firearms to potential terrorists is likely to be held on tuesday
"washington/new york (reuters) - presumptive democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton has taken more money from employees of america’s 15 biggest pharmaceuticals companies than all of the republicans who attempted a run for the white house this year combined
 says a leading republican"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on thursday imposed some limits on the kind of fraud claims that can be brought against federal contractors in a case involving a suit against one of america’s largest hospital operators over a woman’s death at one of its facilities. but the 8-0 ruling was not the broad victory for business sought by the company
 not sanders
 vows 'targeted campaign'"
"(reuters) - a “lone hacker” has taken responsibility for a cyber attack on the u.s. democratic national committee
 but cannot tap all the proceeds"
"(reuters) - as facts emerge about omar mateen
"san francisco (reuters) - the california legislature agreed on wednesday to a $122.5 billion spending plan for the fiscal year starting july 1 and sent it to governor jerry brown
 trump open to ban on some gun sales after orlando"
"(reuters) - the new york state on wednesday confirmed governor andrew cuomo’s pick to become the state’s top financial regulator. the confirmation vote for maria vullo
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senator dianne feinstein said on wednesday that she doubted talks with the senate’s no. 2 republican
"(reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump on wednesday called for surveillance of mosques as part of u.s. law enforcement efforts to prevent terrorism
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton said
 daughters to visit liberia
"washington/herzliya
"washington (reuters) - the national rifle association said on wednesday it stood by its position on terrorism watch lists and access to firearms
"washington (reuters) - bernie sanders does not plan to suspend his campaign and endorse presumptive democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton in a video speech to supporters on thursday
 has 'positive' meeting with sanders"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday that “nobody wants terrorists to have firearms” and that he was open to suggestions from experts on legislation that could address the problem
 clinton scold trump over proposed muslim ban"
 trump hardens stance on muslims"
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. republican donald trump said on monday he will no longer issue press credentials to the washington post
"washington (reuters) - presumptive democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton said on monday that if elected
"washington/new york (reuters) - the mass shooting in orlando
 but legal doubts persist"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will meet the dalai lama at the white house on wednesday
"(reuters) - a michigan judge on tuesday dismissed charges against a former state representative
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted overwhelmingly on tuesday to pass a $602 billion defense authorization bill
"washington (reuters) - hackers believed to be working for the russian government broke into the democratic national committee’s computer network
"(reuters) - a federal judge refused to dismiss a criminal indictment against two former allies of new jersey republican governor chris christie over their alleged roles in the 2013 george washington bridge lane-closing scandal
"santo domingo (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry announced high-level talks to ease tensions with venezuela’s socialist government on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - four u.s. senators - two democrats and two republicans - introduced a bill on tuesday aimed at preventing big pharmaceutical companies from using safety rules to prevent generic drugs from coming to market. senators charles grassley
"new york (reuters) - hillary clinton’s lead over donald trump in the u.s. presidential race has narrowed since late last week
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives voted on tuesday to protect the identities of wealthy individuals and others who make anonymous
"chicago (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. senate judiciary committee on tuesday urged federal antitrust officials to conduct a “careful analysis” of dow chemical co’s proposed $130 billion merger with dupont
"(reuters) - detroit would sell its first general obligation bonds since exiting bankruptcy in december 2014 under a proposal by mayor mike duggan’s administration to refund up to $660 million of outstanding bonds. the city council on tuesday sent the plan to refund up to $275 million of unlimited tax go bonds sold in 2014 and up to $385 million of limited tax go bonds sold in 2010 and 2012 to its budget
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the house of representatives intelligence committee said on tuesday he would not elaborate on reports that russia was involved in hacking the democratic national committee database
"santo domingo (reuters) - venezuela and the united states will immediately start talks to ease tensions between the two countries and does not support its ouster from a regional diplomatic bloc
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate this month will debate legislation that passed overwhelmingly in the house of representatives and aims to give puerto rico some relief from its $70 billion debt
"moscow (reuters) - russia on tuesday denied involvement in the hacking of the democratic national committee database that u.s. sources said gained access to all opposition research on republican presidential candidate donald trump. “i completely rule out a possibility that the (russian) government or the government bodies have been involved in this
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on tuesday the  senate would take up before the end of this month a bill passed by the house of representatives dealing with puerto rico’s debt. mcconnell
"orlando
"cleveland (reuters) - three groups planning to demonstrate at the republican national convention in july sued the city of cleveland on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - donald trump will speak with house of representatives republicans on july 7 in what would be the first meeting of the party’s presumptive presidential nominee with its entire house caucus
"washington (reuters) - banning muslims from entering the united states is not in the nation’s interest
 alleviate shortages"
"fort pierce
"washington (reuters) - donald trump on monday said the united states needs to increase its military response against islamic state in the wake of the orlando nightclub shooting over the weekend
 on cnn
 turn to gun control after orlando"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives erupted in shouting on monday as lawmakers held a moment of silence to honor the victims of the orlando mass shooting as democrats protested the republican-led chamber’s refusal to consider tighter gun regulations. after speaker paul ryan
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will deliver a statement to the press on tuesday morning following a meeting of his national security council on the attack in orlando
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will travel to orlando
"los angeles (reuters) - a former california state senator accused of taking cash bribes and gifts from a businessman and from undercover fbi agents posing as hollywood filmmakers to steer legislation in their favor has agreed to plead guilty to mail fraud
"washington (reuters) - a republican-controlled oversight committee in the u.s. house of representatives announced on monday that it will consider a measure censuring the head of the internal revenue service on allegations related to scrutiny of conservative groups. irs commissioner john koskinen
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator marco rubio
"(reuters) - leading u.s. senate democrats on monday urged quick passage of legislation defeated last year to impose additional gun controls in the wake of the weekend mass shooting in florida. four democratic senators
"new york (reuters) - a federal appeals court fired skeptical questions on monday at a lawyer for a u.s. congressional committee and a former staffer who argued that congress is immune from having to cooperate with an insider-trading investigation. during a hearing
"new york (reuters) - lawyers for republican presidential candidate donald trump on monday filed court papers opposing the release of video showing him being questioned under oath about his trump university series of real estate seminars. they argued that making public the videos
"orlando
 2012: msnbc"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry on monday warned americans against pointing a finger at one religion or another after a gunman who pledged allegiance to the islamic state militant group massacred 49 people at a gay night club in orlando. “the worst thing we can do is engage in trying to point fingers at one group or one form of sectarianism or another or one religion or another. those are not the values of our country
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration is not pursuing the use of an executive order to shutter the guantanamo bay military prison after officials concluded that it would not be a viable strategy
 opponents brace for u.s. high court decision"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on sunday described the worst mass shooting in u.s. history as “an act of terror” and “an act of hate
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump gave an aggressive response to the deadliest mass shooting in u.s. history
 still plans major speech"
 scant hope for change"
"washington (reuters) - when omar mateen entered an orlando
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives speaker paul ryan
"washington (reuters) - senator dick durbin
 donald trump reiterates muslim ban"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump called on president barack obama to resign from office because he did not say the words “radical islam
"austin
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on sunday said americans would stand united and “not give in to fear or turn against each other” in the wake of a nightclub shooting in orlando
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. presidential candidate hillary clinton called the shooting in orlando
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders said he will meet with his rival hillary clinton on tuesday to press her to embrace his progressive agenda
"new york (reuters) - bernie sanders may have lost his bid to become the democratic nominee for the white house
 mussolini"
 removed from office"
 for now"
 trump vows to work for ethnic harmony"
"(reuters) - mitt romney
 rescue bill moves to senate"
"washington (reuters) - the republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives voted largely along party lines on friday to reject any new taxes on carbon emissions and oil production. the two non-binding actions were intended to get republicans on the record opposing higher taxes on fossil fuels amid industry concerns that they could become part of a new tax reform debate in 2017
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner on friday vetoed a bill passed by the democratic-controlled legislature in april to spend nearly $3.9 billion on state services that have not been funded due to an ongoing fiscal 2016 budget impasse. the republican governor called the legislation “an empty promise.” “the bill purports to appropriate $3.89 billion
"washington (reuters) - key members of the u.s. congress said friday they had reached a compromise to shift more than $1 billion to try to keep struggling families together
"(reuters) - hillary clinton leads donald trump by 11 points in the u.s. presidential race
"washington (reuters) - the afl-cio political committee on friday recommended the federation endorse democrat hillary clinton for president
"(reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on friday dismissed a bid by construction trade groups to block controversial obama administration rules designed to speed up union elections
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s promise to gut u.s. environmental regulations and revive the controversial keystone xl oil pipeline if elected president is a nightmare for green groups
"(reuters) - as the white house race took off last summer
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama has approved giving the u.s. military greater ability to accompany and enable afghan forces battling a resilient taliban insurgency
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senator elizabeth warren will keep up her assault on republican presidential candidate donald trump on thursday in a strongly worded speech labeling trump a racist and accusing the republican party of fostering his intolerance. “donald trump chose racism as his weapon
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico has increased dialogue with american companies to make the case for bilateral economic ties
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama formally endorsed hillary clinton’s white house bid on thursday and called for democrats to unite behind her after a protracted battle with bernie sanders for the party nomination. u.s. senator elizabeth warren of massachusetts also backed clinton on thursday
"washington (reuters) - following months of internal wrangling
"washington (reuters) - emails between u.s. diplomats in islamabad and state department officials in washington about whether to challenge specific u.s. drone strikes in pakistan are at the center of a criminal probe involving hillary clinton’s handling of classified information
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator elizabeth warren endorsed presumptive democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton on thursday. “i am ready to get in this fight and work my heart out for hillary clinton to become the next president of the united states and to make sure that donald trump never gets any place close to the white house
"(reuters) - s&p global ratings warned on thursday that the credit rating for key alaska bonds could go down if lawmakers fail to agree on a budget that addresses the state’s long term-fiscal problems.  alaska governor bill walker convened a special session of the legislature late last month aimed at passing a budget for fiscal 2017 and closing the state’s nearly $4 billion deficit
 competitive practices"
 grassroots effort a likely model
' fueling twitter war"
"washington (reuters) - leaders of the congressional committee that investigates data breaches and computer hacking blasted the main u.s. banking regulator on thursday for possibly jeopardizing the work of its inspector general
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator elizabeth warren of massachusetts will endorse fellow democrat hillary clinton for president on thursday night
"(reuters) - legislation approved by michigan lawmakers on thursday to bail out the detroit public schools (dps) will keep the district operating
"washington (reuters) - following president barack obama’s endorsement of presumptive democratic nominee hillary clinton
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden will meet with democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama formally endorsed fellow democrat hillary clinton for president on thursday
"washington (reuters) - a bill to slash funding for the u.s. securities and exchange commission
"washington (reuters) - presumptive democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton on thursday welcomed president barack obama’s endorsement
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on thursday ruled that puerto rico cannot pursue charges against people for the same crime that federal authorities have already prosecuted them
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan unveiled a national security policy featuring stronger defense on thursday
 biden for impartiality
"washington (reuters) - the white house said it supports legislation
washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi said on thursday that she feels “pretty good” about the prospect for passage of a bill to address puerto rico’s financial crisis.  
 meets with obama on next steps"
 sees hurdles - sources"
"washington (reuters) - winning over bernie sanders supporters who flocked to his insurgent presidential campaign will be the first and possibly toughest order of business for hillary clinton after she became the presumptive democratic presidential nominee this week. every time the vermont senator mentioned clinton’s name at a rally in california on thursday night
"(reuters) - a federal judge in alabama has issued a permanent injunction barring state officials from denying same-sex couples the right to marry in that state
"(reuters) - three teenagers were arrested on wednesday and accused of three separate assaults during a demonstration that turned violent outside a rally for presidential candidate donald trump last week in san jose
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan unveiled a national security policy featuring stronger defense on thursday
"washington (reuters) - legislation helping puerto rico dig out of its $70 billion debt crisis is set for a vote in the u.s. house of representatives on thursday after a house panel fended off attempts to open the bill to a series of controversial amendments. by voice vote on wednesday
"new york (reuters) - president barack obama said on wednesday he hoped that divisions between democrats would start to heal in coming weeks
"new york (reuters) - corruption charges against a union leader and a financier stemming from state and federal investigations that include an examination of new york city mayor bill de blasio’s campaign fundraising practices are casting a cloud over his office and could possibly complicate his re-election bid. the arrests on wednesday of the head of new york city’s prison guard union and a hedge fund financier accused of orchestrating a bribery scheme involving union retirement and operating funds were the first to emerge from the probes. although the charges were not linked to de blasio
"(reuters) - republican ohio governor john kasich on wednesday signed a bill legalizing marijuana use for medical purposes under certain circumstances
"new york (reuters) - new york’s mayor bill de blasio announced on wednesday an agreement on a balanced $82.1 billion city budget for the 2016-2017 fiscal year that boosts reserves and expands a summer youth employment program.  the agreement was reached with new york’s city council and comes well ahead of a july 1 deadline. de blasio
 trump draw battle lines for ill-tempered campaign fight"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton on wednesday said she will deliver an economic agenda address soon to contrast her policy differences with republican donald trump
"(reuters) - pennsylvania governor tom wolf on wednesday signed into law new measures to expand the sale of bottled wine to certain private stores
"washington (reuters) - indian prime minister narendra modi called for a closer security relationship between his country and the united states on wednesday
"(reuters) - two men have filed a lawsuit against tennessee and its governor saying their constitutional rights as gay individuals are violated by a new law that allows mental health counselors to refuse to treat patients on the basis of “sincerely held principles.” the law
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump said on wednesday he was “disappointed and surprised” by the criticism  and charges of racism he had received from republican leaders for comments he made about the mexican heritage of a federal judge. “i had just won more votes than anyone in the history of the party
"washington (reuters) - a former senior official in the reagan administration and prominent republican foreign policy insider told reuters he provided input for the late-april foreign policy speech by donald trump
"new york (reuters) - senator tim kaine of virginia has emerged as the online betting favorite to be presumptive democratic presidential nominee hillary clinton’s running mate while bernie sanders’ chances have slipped
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump on wednesday said he had narrowed his search for a vice presidential running mate down to four or five unnamed establishment politicians
"washington (reuters) - the head of the largest conservative group in the u.s. congress
 regardless of party"
"washington (reuters) - environmental activist tom steyer endorsed hillary clinton on wednesday for u.s. president a day after she secured the democratic nomination to run in the nov. 8 election. “hillary clinton is an experienced leader who will lead us to victory because she embodies the best values of our country
 we're muslims!' scottish offer to teach trump in visit"
"washington (reuters) - bernie sanders’ upstart u.s. presidential campaign may be headed to defeat
"sacramento
 to meet with sanders: white house"
 trump says he'll stop talking about judge"
"new york (reuters) - when lawyers for donald trump asked a court to throw out one of the proposed class actions over trump university
"(reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump rebuked general motors co (gm.n) on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - the senate passed legislation on tuesday that would revamp federal chemical safety protections for the first time in decades
"washington (reuters) - the white house threatened on tuesday to veto a senate defense policy bill
"(reuters) - republican donald trump trails democrat hillary clinton by 10 points in the 2016 presidential campaign
"tampa
"new york (reuters) - a ruling by new york’s highest court in a fraud case against former american international group inc (aig.n) chief executive maurice “hank” greenberg could affect the state’s case against republican presidential candidate donald trump and his defunct trump university. the new york court of appeals ruled on thursday that state attorney general eric schneiderman could seek to recoup millions of dollars in bonus payments to greenberg using the legal remedy called disgorgement. unlike damages
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump said on tuesday his comments questioning the impartiality of a mexican-american judge had been misconstrued as a broad attack on people of mexican heritage. trump said
 but can't agree"
"new york (reuters) - the chair of the house financial services committee has proposed getting rid of much of the regulation put in place after the financial crisis
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump should stop attacking minority groups and start talking about issues that americans care about
"(reuters) - hillary clinton “strongly opposes” a proposal unveiled by a republican congressman on tuesday to roll back dodd-frank financial reforms
"washington (reuters) - the district of columbia’s city council approved a $15-an-hour minimum wage on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on tuesday disavowed donald trump’s criticism of a hispanic judge
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump on monday rejected a barrage of criticism from his own party over his allegations of bias against a hispanic judge
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house democratic leader nancy pelosi endorsed hillary clinton for the presidency on tuesday as voters in california
"new york (reuters) - online media outlet buzzfeed has pulled out of an advertising deal reported to be worth $1.3 million with the republican national committee over objections to the party’s presumptive nominee donald trump. in an e-mail to employees on monday
 clinton emerged more cautious"
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton has reached the number of delegates needed to clinch the democratic presidential nomination
"new york (reuters) - lawyers for republican presidential candidate donald trump asked the california federal judge he attacked last week as biased based on his mexican heritage to end the trump university fraud class action currently scheduled to go on trial in november.  in filings late on friday
 peyton manning for super bowl win"
"philadelphia (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on monday heard nearly two hours of argument on whether to release publicly a list of unindicted co-conspirators in the “bridgegate” criminal case involving allies of new jersey governor chris christie. the three-judge panel at the 3rd u.s. circuit court of appeals in philadelphia did not immediately rule
"new york (reuters) - donald trump’s attacks on a federal judge of mexican heritage have ignited hundreds of postings on social media about an advocacy group for latinos that some trump supporters are calling a terrorist organization. the presumptive republican presidential nominee has said that u.s. district judge gonzalo curiel
"washington/long beach
"new york (reuters) - new york mayor bill de blasio on monday announced a citywide advertising campaign supporting a person’s right to use bathrooms corresponding with his or her gender identity
"new york (reuters) - as she looks ahead to the november white house election
 spain in nato summit trip in july: white house"
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton won the puerto rico democratic primary on sunday
 presidential candidates differ sharply"
"washington (reuters) - senior u.s. republicans distanced themselves on sunday from donald trump’s comments about a mexican-american judge
000m british record"
"ulaanbaatar (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry hailed mongolia as an “oasis of democracy” sitting in a tough location between russia and china as he made a rare visit by a cabinet-level u.s. official on sunday. arriving from paris
"los angeles (reuters) - hillary clinton fought on two fronts in california on saturday as she sought to wrap up her battle with bernie sanders for the democratic nomination
" new york (reuters) - democratic presidential contender hillary clinton has opened up a double-digit lead over republican rival donald trump
"singapore (reuters) - the united states stepped up pressure on china on saturday to rein in its actions in the south china sea
"singapore (reuters) - the recent lifting of the u.s. arms embargo against vietnam boosted trust between the former enemies
 south korea to set up direct line between defense ministers"
"seoul (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary jack lew said on friday china would see “very bad consequences” for its economy and bilateral u.s. relations if it backs away from its stated goals to open its markets and rebalance its economy toward consumer-led growth. lew
 denounces protesters at rally as 'thugs'"
"miami (reuters) - president barack obama warned democrats on friday that they need to work hard to defeat likely republican nominee donald trump in the nov. 8 presidential election but must avoid violence like that at a rally in california this week. “strange things can happen in an election like this if we’re not working hard
"washington - republican presidential candidate donald trump said a u.s. jobs report on friday that showed the weakest hiring in more than five years proved that democratic economic policies are pushing the country in the wrong direction. the report gave trump his biggest opening yet to target democratic rival hillary clinton on the economy
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump defended his attacks on a mexican-american judge on friday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama commuted the prison terms of 42 non-violent drug offenders
"paris/washington (reuters) - it was stupid
 cite 'serious concerns'"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton lambasted  donald trump’s foreign policy platform as “dangerously incoherent” in a speech on thursday that cast her republican rival as both a frightening and laughable figure. in remarks that at times resembled a comedy roast
"singapore (reuters) - nato’s top military officer
"washington (reuters) - a gun control advocacy group founded by billionaire and former new york city mayor michael bloomberg on friday endorsed democrat hillary clinton in the u.s. presidential race. in a statement
 sends school funding package to state senate"
"(reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump on thursday escalated his attacks on the federal judge presiding over lawsuits against trump university
"new york (reuters) - rhetoric against free trade from both likely u.s. presidential nominees poses a risk to the economy and consumers who would lose out if international trade is restrained
 citing irregularities"
 but not yet full ally"
"washington (reuters) - paul ryan
700 syrian refugees approved resettlement to u.s.: homeland security chief"
"(reuters) - three days before puerto rico’s democratic presidential primary
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump on thursday said he will reopen the controversial trump university real estate school at the close of litigation.  “i have instructed my execs to open trump u (university)
 fearing spilled secrets"
"cincinnati (reuters) - when larry harmon tried to vote on a marijuana initiative in november in his hometown of kent
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration’s top supreme court lawyer is leaving office at the end of june having won a string of major cases including fending off challenges to president barack obama’s signature healthcare law and legalizing same-sex marriage. solicitor general donald verrilli has served in the justice department post since june 2011. he also held two other positions in the obama administration. verrilli’s deputy
"belcourt
"wichita
"it’s the near future
 a wise choice for president"
"singapore (reuters) - the united states expects to maintain its strong security relationship with the philippines
"washington (reuters) - the united states on wednesday declared north korea a “primary money laundering concern” and moved to further block its ability to use the u.s. and world financial systems to fund its weapons programs. the u.s. treasury department called for a prohibition on certain u.s. financial institutions opening or maintaining correspondent accounts
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump
"elkhart
 democrat clinton to assail trump on foreign policy"
"(reuters) - bank of america corp chairman and chief executive officer brian moynihan on wednesday played down the impact on the bank if donald trump is elected as the next president of the united states. moynihan was put on the spot by billionaire investor wilbur ross at an annual fundraising dinner for the japan society in new york when he was asked about a possible trump presidency. “i’ve made it my personal practice—because when you run a big company—i do not say ‘candidate a versus candidate b’ but what i think we need as we think about transition is we need a leader for the whole country
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - part of a u.s. state department briefing video about secret u.s.-iran nuclear talks was deliberately deleted at the request of an unknown official before it was posted to an online archive
"elkhart
"sacramento
"elkhart
"washington (reuters) - the man believed to have set up and maintained hillary clinton’s private email server will assert his fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination and refuse to answer questions as part of an open records lawsuit against the state department
"austin
"(reuters) - kansas vowed on wednesday to sue the obama administration over a directive telling u.s. public schools to allow transgender students to use bathrooms and locker rooms that correspond with their gender identities. the announcement by kansas attorney general derek schmidt made the state the 13th to wade into an acrimonious debate about the rights of transgender americans. it comes a day after a federal appeals court refused to reconsider its ruling that gave a virginia transgender high-school student access to the bathroom of his gender identity. the court’s decision “means our only option is to pursue a more direct challenge to the obama administration’s unlawful efforts to unilaterally rewrite title ix
 bondholders might get paid"
"new york (reuters) - a showdown between new york city and donald trump over one of the most potent symbols of trump’s candidacy
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will host singapore prime minister lee hsien loong at the white house for an official visit and state dinner on aug. 2
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. congressional committee has launched a probe into the federal reserve bank of new york’s handling of the cyber theft of $81 million from one of its accounts held by the central bank of bangladesh
" (this may 31 story corrects atrium’s opening times in sixth paragraph: “between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m.” instead of “between 10 a.m. and 8 p.m.”) by jonathan allen new york (reuters) - new york city is investigating donald trump’s practice of closing down the public atrium in trump tower for presidential campaign events that are off limits to the public.   in order to add more floors than zoning rules would otherwise allow
"london (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate donald trump said on wednesday he would visit britain for the opening of his scottish golf resort on june 24
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela’s embattled president
"springfield
 bashes media"
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton said on tuesday her campaign has been in contact with the campaign of rival bernie sanders about unifying the democratic party. unifying the party will be a central challenge once democrats choose their nominee
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump’s eponymous business seminar program created a class to teach students how to cash in on u.s. mortgage foreclosures during the housing crisis. trump university promised in 2009 that its “fast track to foreclosure investing” would teach students how to take advantage of the crisis
"washington (reuters) - conservative commentator bill kristol is considering choosing david french
"washington (reuters) - new york’s attorney general
"boston (reuters) - massachusetts governor charlie baker said on tuesday he is ready to sign a transgender rights bill if it passes in its current form in the state house of representatives amid an acrimonious debate across the united states about the issue. baker
"washington (reuters) - the united states plans to use upcoming talks with top chinese officials to discuss ways to bring greater pressure to bear on north korea to abandon its nuclear ambitions
"washington (reuters) - the united states on tuesday condemned an attempted missile launch by north korea and urged pyongyang to refrain from actions that create tensions in northeastern asia. “the united states
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department on tuesday filed an emergency motion to stop sanctions imposed by a federal judge in texas that  included mandated ethics classes for federal prosecutors
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday rejected a union’s appeal of a lower court’s ruling that allowed atlantic city’s trump taj mahal casino
"washington (reuters) - the supreme court on tuesday refused to hear an appeal asserting that the death penalty violates the u.s. constitution’s ban on cruel and unusual punishment filed by a louisiana man convicted of fatally shooting his pregnant former girlfriend. two of the eight justices
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday joined a chorus of republican stalwarts publicly urging marco rubio to run for a second senate term in florida
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday agreed to hear an appeal by state farm contesting a jury finding that the insurance company defrauded the federal government when assessing damage caused by hurricane katrina in 2005 along the gulf of mexico coast. the court will review a 2015 ruling by the new orleans-based 5th u.s. circuit court of appeals upholding the verdict in a suit brought under the federal false claims act
 calls trump dangerous"
"chicago (reuters) - chicago will be able to spread out state-mandated higher payments to its police and fire pensions after the illinois legislature on monday overrode the governor’s veto of a bill that became entangled in a political impasse. the senate voted 39-19 and the house voted 72-43 to undo republican governor bruce rauner’s veto on friday that the city claimed would lead to a $300 million property tax hike. the bill gives chicago short-term budget relief but will add to the city’s big pension funding gap.  the override bolsters democrats
"(reuters) - at least five animal rights activists on monday rushed the stage as presidential candidate bernie sanders spoke at a rally in oakland
"springfield
"washington (reuters) - a judge
 chicago mayor"
 trump pledges to help veterans"
 but won't be his vice president"
 advocates warn"
"(reuters) - the mayor and police chief of cleveland next week will outline what security measures they would take for the republican national convention
000 chanting protesters"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. immigration officials have kicked off a new round of raids intended to deport hundreds of central american mothers and children who have entered the country illegally
"(reuters) - a lawsuit brought by texas and other states against the obama administration’s policy on bathroom access may move the united states closer to a resolution on transgender rights by putting the issue on a trajectory for the supreme court. conservative officials from 11 states sued the federal government on wednesday to overturn a directive that transgender students be allowed to use the bathroom matching their gender identity instead of being forced to use one corresponding to gender assigned at birth. the governor of a 12th state
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders expressed disappointment on friday after republican presidential candidate donald trump said he would not debate sanders ahead of california’s june 7 primary. “i heard that he was going to debate me
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senators called on president barack obama’s administration on friday to impose targeted sanctions on officials in the democratic republic of congo responsible for violence and rights violations amid rising political tensions. hoping to increase pressure on the government of president joseph kabila
"(reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie on friday signed into law a package of legislation that provides distressed gambling hub atlantic city with immediate cash help but also a potential state takeover if the city cannot fix its finances. the bills will help reform the city’s “overblown municipal government” while protecting state and local taxpayers
 future of name in question"
"springfield
"trenton
 sanders explore staging unusual presidential debate"
"bismarck
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton said on thursday she was confident voters would make the “right decision” despite concerns over findings by an internal government watchdog that her use of a private email server while secretary of state broke government rules. “i know people have concerns about this
"washington (reuters) - an effort in the u.s. senate to expand the federal bureau of investigation’s authority to use a secretive surveillance order has delayed a vote on a popular email privacy bill
"san francisco (reuters) - the vietnamese government restricted access to facebook inc inside vietnam for several days this week as part of a broader crackdown on human rights and political dissidents during a visit by president barack obama
"(reuters) - five mayors in northern california on thursday asked governor jerry brown in a letter to have surveillance cameras installed on state highways in the area after a string of shootings that have gripped their communities.   the request came two days after a man was shot in the leg while traveling eastbound on i-80 in hercules
"washington/ san francisco (reuters) - after a rampage that left 14 people dead in san bernardino
"cleveland (reuters) - the state of ohio filed a federal court appeal on thursday seeking to restore a republican-backed limit on early voting and accelerated voter-registration measures that were seen by civil rights groups as boosting minority turnout. u.s. district judge michael watson in columbus ruled on tuesday that ohio violated voters’ rights by reducing the period that ballots could be cast before an election to four weeks   from five weeks. watson’s decision also struck down ohio’s elimination of a seven-day window during which residents could both register to vote and cast their ballots all in the same week - a period known as “golden week.” ohio’s republican-controlled legislature abolished “golden week” and shortened early voting by seven days in 2014
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. judge on thursday ordered that all videotaped depositions in a lawsuit over democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton’s private email server remain sealed
"washington (reuters) - the rancorous political debate over sexual identity unexpectedly prompted the republican-controlled house of representatives to reject an energy and water spending bill on thursday after democrats attached an amendment to protect the rights of transgender people. the legislation
"(reuters) - mississippi’s republican governor said on thursday he planned to join a lawsuit by officials from 11 states to overturn an obama administration directive that tells schools to let transgender students use bathrooms matching their gender identity. the lawsuit led by texas
 not clinton
 productive"
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator orrin hatch wrote in an opinion piece published on thursday that his meeting with merrick garland failed to change his view that the senate should not act on president barack obama’s u.s. supreme court nominee. the problem is that no such meeting had yet taken place. later in the day
"washington (reuters) - a recanvass of kentucky’s democratic presidential primary results found hillary clinton won the contest by 1
"charleston
 seeks tweets over solutions"
"jinhua
"ise-shima
"cleveland (reuters) - lawmakers in ohio on wednesday approved legislation that would legalize marijuana use for medical purposes under certain circumstances
"new york (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump has fired his national political director after six weeks on the job
"springfield
"anaheim
"chicago (reuters) - a chicago activist sued u.s. immigration authorities on wednesday alleging they denied renewal of her immigration status in retaliation for her political activity. irere unzueta
"(reuters) - officials from 11 u.s. states sued the obama administration on wednesday to overturn a directive telling schools to let transgender students use bathrooms matching their gender identity
 watchdog finds"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers on wednesday backed a plan to help puerto rico escape crippling debt and expand the economy
"(reuters) - melissa gilbert
 agencies"
"washington (reuters) - paul ryan
 aiming to offset money disadvantage
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan and likely republican presidential nominee donald trump are to speak by telephone on wednesday evening
"washington (reuters) - obama administration officials told u.s. lawmakers on wednesday they would oppose new sanctions on iran if they interfere with last year’s international nuclear agreement
"washington (reuters) - legislation with bipartisan support that would revamp u.s. chemical safety law for the first time in decades is advancing in congress
"washington (reuters) - the top members of the u.s. senate commerce committee have urged their counterparts in the house of representatives to move forward on senate legislation to boost aviation security and authorize the programs of the federal aviation administration. in a may 24 letter released on wednesday
 records: spokesman"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department inspector general’s report shows hillary clinton’s email practices reflected those of other secretaries of state and that her use of personal email was known to government officials at the time
"washington (reuters) - a romanian computer hacker who revealed the existence of a private email server used by hillary clinton when she was secretary of state pleaded guilty to hacking-related offenses on wednesday
 bottles at police outside trump rally in new mexico"
"ho chi minh city
 regulations in big energy speech"
"paris (reuters) - former finalist simona halep survived a first-set wobble to reach the third round of the french open for only the second time in her career with a 7-6(5) 6-2 win over kazakhstan’s zarina diyas on wednesday.  the romanian sixth seed surrendered her serve twice in the opening four games to trail 4-1 but delved into her wealth of experience to finally subdue her 90th-ranked opponent 7-5 in the tie break. more exchanges of breaks followed in the second set before halep finally found her groove to take a 5-2 lead and set up three match points on diyas’ serve. the first one went begging but halep’s gritty baseline play paid off in the next point as diyas bowed out after flicking a forehand long to end a 10-shot rally. “the first set was very tough and i was very nervous as i seemed to be fighting for every point
"london (reuters) - a giant mural of donald trump locked in a kiss with former london mayor boris johnson in the style of a legendary soviet-era image has been unveiled by a group campaigning for britain to stay in the european union. painted on the side of a building in bristol
"cologne (reuters) - donald trump would be “highly unlikely” to be able to renegotiate the global accord on climate change if elected u.s. president
"(reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders on tuesday requested a recount in the close kentucky presidential primary against front-runner hillary clinton
"ho chi minh city
"washington (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama plans a return visit to elkhart
 a canadian
"(reuters) - opening statements in the ethics trial of alabama house speaker mike hubbard got underway on tuesday in a political drama that could rattle the republican party controlling the state
"washington (reuters) - a congressional plan to help puerto rico shed billions of dollars in bad debt can win enough support to make its way to a vote in the house of representatives
"(reuters) - a federal judge ruled on tuesday that ohio violated voters’ rights in 2014 by cutting the number of days in which people were allowed to cast early ballots to 28 from 35. judge michael watson of u.s. district court in columbus ordered ohio to reinstate the 35-day period and also to grant residents a week-long opportunity to register and cast a ballot at the same time - a period known as “golden week.” if the ruling stands
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. republican presidential candidate rick santorum on tuesday endorsed donald trump for president
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator dick durbin
 but cram-down remains"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted along party lines on tuesday to repeal a new labor department rule on retirement advice after a debate that stretched over the course of the day. the resolution
"washington (reuters) - fighting charity fraud could become more difficult under a republican bill in congress to prohibit the u.s. internal revenue service from collecting the names of top donors to charities and other nonprofit groups
"washington (reuters) - terry mcauliffe
"(reuters) - louisiana governor john bel edwards plans to sign legislation making it a hate crime to kill a police officer or another first responder
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of u.s. senators renewed an effort on tuesday to shift the military’s handling of sexual assault cases from top commanders to independent prosecutors
"washington (reuters) - a hard-line republican effort to impeach the top u.s. tax collector came under fire on tuesday from democrats who called it an unsubstantiated partisan attack that could undermine the credibility of congress. internal revenue service commissioner john koskinen faces  allegations before the house judiciary committee of ignoring congressional subpoenas and misleading lawmakers. the accusations stem from a 2013 scandal in which the irs was criticized for targeting conservative tea party groups’ applications for tax-exempt status for extra scrutiny. some republicans want the republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives to vote on impeaching koskinen before congress leaves for its midyear break in july. democrats oppose the effort.  “this resolution fails by every measure. it arises from the worst partisan instincts. it is not based in the facts
"ho chi minh city
 seeking unity
"hanoi (reuters) - a prominent critic of the vietnamese government said he was taken by police from his home early on tuesday so that he would be unable to meet u.s. president barack obama in hanoi with other civil society figures. nguyen quang a said he was forced into a car by a group of police officers
"hanoi (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said several civil society members in vietnam were prevented from meeting him on tuesday and that
"san francisco (reuters) - facebook inc (fb.o) said on monday that it had changed some of the procedures for its “trending topics” section after a news report alleging it suppressed conservative news prompted a u.s. congressional demand for more transparency. the company said an internal probe showed no evidence of political bias in the selection of news stories for trending topics
 vietnam agree to allow peace corps into vietnam for first time"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives voted down on monday a measure that would have compelled cell phone carriers to disclose a phone’s location with law enforcement in the event of an emergency
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton
"cleveland (reuters) - a federal judge in cincinnati temporarily blocked the implementation of a state law that would have effectively de-funded 28 ohio planned parenthood clinics
"washington (reuters) - the head of a hard-line republican conservative faction in the u.s. congress wants to impeach the nation’s top tax officer and said lawmakers could do this without accusing him of any crime. internal revenue service commissioner john koskinen should be impeached within weeks
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on tuesday will take up
"washington (reuters) - the supreme court on monday let stand a lower court ruling that virginia’s republican-led legislature unlawfully considered race when drawing u.s. congressional districts by packing black voters into one in a move opponents said diluted black electoral clout. the case focused on the composition of a majority-black u.s. house of representatives district
"geneva (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump’s proposal to meet north korean leader kim jong un is a “kind of propaganda or advertisement” in his election race
 offers alternative"
"richmond (reuters) - virginia republicans on monday sued to nullify democratic governor terry mcauliffe’s order restoring voting rights to 206
' says top attorney"
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders cranked up his fight with party leaders on sunday
"hanoi (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on monday he was confident a trans-pacific partnership (tpp) trade deal he has championed will be approved by u.s. legislators
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary ash carter called his japanese counterpart on saturday to express regrets after an american working at a u.s. military base in japan was arrested on suspicion of dumping the body of a japanese woman. the case in okinawa has sparked a protest from tokyo and could add to resentment of the large u.s. military presence on the island
"louisville
"(reuters) - donald trump raised $1.7 million from donors and loaned his white house campaign $7.5 million in april as he moved closer to becoming the republican nominee for president
"oklahoma city (reuters) - republican state lawmakers in oklahoma have introduced a resolution urging the state’s congressional delegation to start an effort to impeach president barack obama over a white house recommendation that schools accommodate transgender students. the obama administration told u.s. public schools last week that transgender students must be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice. the recommendation upset republicans and raised the likelihood of fights over federal funding and legal authority. the oklahoma resolution
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house panel investigating the 2012 benghazi attack that killed ambassador to libya christopher stevens and three other americans will release its report on the incident in the next month
"(reuters) - oklahoma’s republican governor mary fallin vetoed a bill calling for prison terms of up the three years for doctors who performed abortions
 address congress next month"
 the top u.s. gun lobby group
 bolsters others in asia"
"london/washington - republican presidential candidate donald trump said on friday that british prime minister david cameron had asked him to visit
"washington (reuters) - shouts of “shame
 some provocative"
"phoenix (reuters) - arizona voters have narrowly approved a plan to pump $3.5 billion into education coffers over the next decade and put an end to a long-running legal battle
 human rights on eve of trip"
"oslo (reuters) - the united nations’s incoming climate chief said on thursday she will push for rapid action under a u.n. accord to slow global warming and expressed hopes that u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump will drop calls for a renegotiation if elected. mexico’s patricia espinosa
 child pornography charges"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers are looking to use a defense policy bill to increase restrictions on military aid for pakistan
 debt looms"
"chicago (reuters) - the illinois senate on thursday earmarked $227.2 million for low-income college students whose need-based financial aid has been imperiled by the state’s 11-month budget impasse. but republican governor bruce rauner offered no sign of supporting the measure for monetary award program recipients after members of his party pilloried the funding package as a “farce” because it did not identify a specific revenue stream to pay for it. rauner spokeswoman catherine kelley declined to say whether the governor intends to sign or veto the legislation
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton pivoted to a general election match-up against republican candidate donald trump on thursday
"sacramento
"new york/san juan (reuters) - the u.s. house natural resources committee early on thursday released long-delayed revised legislation to address puerto rico’s fiscal crisis
"richmond
"washington (reuters) - an election-year fight over addressing the spreading zika virus intensified in the u.s. congress as the senate on thursday approved $1.1 billion in emergency money one day after the house of representatives voted $622.1 million financed through cuts to existing programs. the two chambers would have to reach agreement on a spending level before they can send it to president barack obama
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican u.s. presidential nominee donald trump on wednesday unveiled the names of 11 judges - eight men and three women
 or do texas republicans believe most texans are gay?"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate banking committee on thursday approved nominees for the two vacant spots on the five-member securities and exchange commission
"(reuters) - the american civil liberties union on thursday accused the city of cleveland of taking too long to issue permits to protesters planning demonstrations at the republican national convention in july and threatened to sue if the city delays further. “delays by the city are effectively blocking groups from exercising their fundamental right to political expression
"washington (reuters) - donald trump
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton said on thursday republican candidate donald trump is unqualified to be president of the united states.  “i know how hard this job is
 ny fed about bangladesh heist"
"copenhagen (thomson reuters foundation) - u.s. presidential hopeful hillary clinton called for renewed efforts to “break down the barriers holding back women and girls around the world” on thursday. in a video address to women deliver
"detroit (reuters) - united auto workers president dennis williams said on thursday the union will endorse either democrat hillary clinton or bernie sanders for u.s. president “soon
"washington (reuters) - a small group of bipartisan senators introduced a bill thursday that would block a pending judicial rule change allowing u.s. judges to issue search warrants for remote access to computers in any jurisdiction
 yahoo mail remains blacklisted"
 rights issues in defense bill divide congress"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives passed a bill on wednesday to provide $622.1 million to control the spread of the zika virus
"(reuters) - facebook chief executive mark zuckerberg heard from more than a dozen u.s. conservative leaders on wednesday and said he will work to build trust with users who believe the social network displays politically biased news content. after a closed-door meeting at the company’s silicon valley headquarters
"washington (reuters) - infighting dogged the democrats on wednesday as bernie sanders’ campaign accused party leaders of bias against him and many democrats urged sanders to keep his supporters in check. the tensions after a chaotic weekend convention in nevada emerged as republicans begin to rally around their own outsider presidential candidate
"washington (reuters) - u.s. presidential campaigns face threats from hackers bent on espionage and other activity more nefarious than mere political mischief
"washington (reuters) - u.s. banking lobbyists said on wednesday they disagree with presidential candidate donald trump’s call for a wholesale repeal of president barack obama’s financial reform law
"washington (reuters) - donald trump
"(reuters) - a texas judge identified by donald trump on wednesday as one of 11 people he would consider nominating to the u.s. supreme court has repeatedly mocked the presumptive republican presidential nominee on social media.  texas supreme court justice don willett last month likened trump to “star wars” villain darth vader in a twitter post.  ""'we'll rebuild the death star. it'll be amazing
"oslo/washington (reuters) - donald trump’s vow to renegotiate the global accord on climate change if elected u.s. president caused dismay abroad on wednesday
 in rebuke to trump"
"washington (reuters) - a criminal justice bill awaiting a vote by the u.s. senate would reduce federal prison costs by $722 million over the next 10 years by releasing thousands of federal prisoners early
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on tuesday cleared the way for approval of $1.1 billion in immediate funds to battle the zika virus that is linked to birth defects
"washington (reuters) - more than half the democrats in the senate
"(reuters) - the obama administration on tuesday unveiled the final version of a long-awaited and controversial rule to extend overtime pay to 4.2 million u.s. workers
 sanders split nominating contests in oregon
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton begins a two-day tour on monday through rural
"san francisco (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump on tuesday warned that a dangerous financial bubble has formed in the technology industry - and silicon valley responded with a collective eye roll.  in a reuters interview
 wants to renegotiate climate accord"
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential contender donald trump said on tuesday he would renegotiate america’s role in the u.n. global climate accord
 wall street regulation
"new york (reuters) - donald trump appeared to change tack on tuesday about his future ties with british prime minister david cameron
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said on tuesday that sweeping financial reforms put in place under president barack obama were harming the economy and he would dismantle nearly all of them. trump told reuters in an interview that he would release a plan in about two weeks for overhauling the 2010 financial regulatory law known as dodd-frank. “dodd-frank has made it impossible for bankers to function
 calls on trump to release income taxes"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate unanimously backed president barack obama’s nomination of eric fanning as secretary of the army on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - an aide to u.s. democrat hillary clinton criticized donald trump’s foreign policy as making “no sense for the rest of us” after the republican presidential candidate said he would hold talks with north korea’s kim jong un.  “let me get this straight: donald trump insults the leader of our closest ally
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton on tuesday criticized republican donald trump’s proposal to dismantle the dodd-frank financial reform law
"new york (reuters) - a new york appeals court issued a ruling on tuesday that apparently made it highly unlikely that a state fraud case against trump university
"washington (reuters) - donald trump has filed a new personal financial disclosure form that details a net worth of more than $10 billion
"washington (reuters) - the house of representatives stripped a requirement that women register for the military draft from a sweeping annual defense policy bill on tuesday
 stresses human rights"
"washington (reuters) - the white house on friday defended its deportation policy after complaints from democratic presidential candidates and congressional leaders that a sweep targeting central american illegal immigrants is inhumane. reuters reported on thursday that u.s. immigration officials plan a month-long series of raids in may and june to deport hundreds of central american mothers and children found to have entered the country illegally. white house spokesman josh earnest acknowledged that the deportation operations were consistent with president barack obama’s policy to focus on deporting criminals and recent immigrants who crossed the u.s. border illegally after jan. 1
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate passed legislation on tuesday that would allow families of sept. 11 victims to sue saudi arabia’s government for damages
 calls funding inadequate"
"washington (reuters) - a proposal by a u.s. senate committee to cancel the defense department position of acquisition chief could lead to an increase in costs
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. appeals court on tuesday postponed a deadline for prosecutors in new jersey to reveal a list of unindicted co-conspirators in the so-called “bridgegate” criminal case involving allies of governor chris christie. the 3rd u.s. circuit court of appeals granted a last-minute emergency request from one of the people on the list
"new york (reuters) - the race to succeed republican new jersey governor chris christie got under way this week when a former goldman sachs executive entered the ring as the first democratic contender to succeed christie
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on tuesday that it had “serious concerns” about a bill the u.s. senate passed that would allow survivors and relatives of those killed in the sept. 11 attacks to sue to seek damages from the government of saudi arabia. “given the concerns that we have expressed
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. presidential campaign is not a subject of discussion at the federal reserve’s policy meetings
 slams trump"
"sacramento (reuters) - two of the most powerful politicians in california are advancing the same basic gun control agenda – yet they are at loggerheads in a political duel that could preview an ugly race to replace the state’s popular democratic governor
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump is scheduled to meet on wednesday with former secretary of state henry kissinger
"boston (reuters) - two boston brothers accused of urinating on and beating a homeless mexican man and telling police “donald trump was right: all these illegals need to be deported
"washington (reuters) - a woman at the center of a new york times piece detailing republican donald trump’s history with women took issue with the story on monday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s white house set up one last fight with the republican-controlled congress over defense spending on monday
"havana (reuters) - cuba and the united states aim to reach new agreements on cooperation in law enforcement
"washington (reuters) - a congressional committee on monday put off plans to debate legislation on how to address puerto rico’s economic crisis
"(reuters) - a federal agency on monday released final rules on how employers can offer workers financial incentives of up to 30 percent of the cost of their cheapest health insurance plans to participate in wellness programs without violating federal laws protecting the confidentiality of medical information. the move from the equal employment opportunity commission aims to clear up confusion over the way two federal laws protecting employees’ medical privacy apply to the popular programs
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the u.s. house of representatives will try to pass legislation this week providing $622.1 million in funds to fight the spreading zika virus
"los angeles (reuters) - a federal appeals court on monday revived a lawsuit by prospective gun shop owners who were banned by alameda county
"new york/wellington (reuters) - erik duhaime is a passive stock market investor
"washington (reuters) - the white house confirmed on monday that ben rhodes
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on monday that his administration’s guidance on transgender issues is needed to help schools grapple with the sensitive topic and ensure that all children are treated fairly. obama
"atlanta (reuters) - actor wendell pierce
"washington (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary jack lew on monday urged china to implement economic reforms that will help ensure fairness for u.s. exporters. in a call with chinese vice premier wang yang
"(reuters) - representative chaka fattah of pennsylvania and several associates orchestrated a series of fraudulent schemes to enrich the congressman and preserve his political career
"london (reuters) - donald trump said he was unlikely to have a good relationship with david cameron because the british prime minister cast the u.s. presidential candidate as “divisive
"new york (reuters) - democratic party activists in some u.s. states are using donald trump
 stupid and wrong' comment on trump: spokesman"
"washington
 biden attend same pennsylvania college graduation"
"london (reuters) - presumptive u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump said britain leaving the european union would make no difference to a potential bilateral trade deal if he became president
"(reuters) - facebook chief executive mark zuckerberg will meet this week with prominent conservatives in the media
"(reuters) - interviews with dozens of women who have worked for donald trump or interacted with him socially reveal a pattern of often unsettling personal behavior by the republican presidential candidate
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama toasted sweden
 nordic nations agree sanctions against russia should continue"
 nordic nations call on russia's military to comply with obligations "
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration told u.s. public schools on friday that transgender students must be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice
 pushes back on taxes"
"new york (reuters) - the email donald trump’s campaign sent inviting fans to a rally next week looked familiar: “meet me in new jersey!” it urged. but something was different. “you will need to buy a ticket to get into the rally
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on friday an updated bill dealing with puerto rico’s debt will be introduced in “the coming days.” “right now
"(reuters) - transgender students cheered the obama administration’s directive on friday requiring u.s. public schools to allow them to use toilets and locker rooms consistent with their gender identity while some school districts said they would not comply. “this is the strongest guidance to date from the federal government to schools instructing them on how they must treat transgender students fairly and without discrimination
"washington (reuters) - the united states plans to renew the bulk of its sanctions against myanmar when they expire next week
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the republican national committee sought on friday to tamp down talk among some republicans about the possibility of running a third-party candidate who would give party supporters a choice beyond donald trump. in an interview
 fracking advocate as key energy advisor"
 trade and military: fox news"
"new york (reuters) - supporters of billionaire donald trump appear unfazed by his decision to accept money from outside donors
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. secret service is investigating presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump’s former butler over a facebook post calling for president barack obama’s assassination. the former butler
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump went on a charm offensive on thursday to try to win the party establishment’s support for his insurgent candidacy
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump said on thursday that amazon.com
 u.s. preparing summit meeting around may 25: government sources"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. immigration officials are planning a month-long series of raids in may and june to deport hundreds of central american mothers and children found to have entered the country illegally
"havana (reuters) - cuba and the united states will meet next week for a third round of talks on improving relations
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama is set to toast the five leaders of nordic nations at a lavish state dinner at the white house on friday
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s foreign policy proposals would make the world a less stable place
"washington (reuters) - three competing plans for battling a potential zika virus outbreak in the united states were presented on the floor of the u.s. senate on thursday
"washington (reuters) - kentucky senator rand paul plans to become the first republican co-sponsor of legislation to block a pending judicial rule change that would let u.s. judges issue search warrants for remote access to computers located in any jurisdiction
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump said he had a “very
 add to insurer concerns"
"chicago (reuters) - a bill to send $700 million to cash-starved social services providers breezed through the illinois legislature on thursday
"geneva (reuters) - hollywood actor michael douglas
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday it would welcome any progress made by the u.s. congress toward striking a deal to provide funding to help fight the zika virus. “i think at this point
"new york (reuters) - puerto rico’s debt crisis
 irregularities cited"
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican nominee donald trump said on thursday he had a “great day” in washington meeting with republican leaders
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers are making progress toward legislation to address puerto rico’s financial crisis and could produce a bill as early as thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator orrin hatch of utah
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday the u.s. department of justice was still deciding whether to appeal a court ruling challenging president barack obama’s healthcare law
"washington (reuters) - members of congress on thursday grilled the main u.s. banking regulator about a recent raft of data breaches
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 republican in the u.s. senate said on thursday he believes the party will unite behind presumptive nominee donald trump. “i think you will see people unifying behind the nominee ... people don’t want four more years of this administration under hillary clinton
"las vegas (reuters) - top fundraisers for donald trump made pitches on wednesday to prominent hedge fund investors to line up behind the presumptive republican presidential nominee as he seeks to raise $1 billion for the general election campaign. the new york billionaire businessman was a topic of discussion as some 2
"san francisco/washington (reuters) - donald trump’s rise to de-facto republican nominee for president poses an unusually high level of uncertainty for investors and businesses
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on thursday said he was “very encouraged” following his meeting with presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump earlier on thursday
 trump cite 'positive step' toward republican unity"
 eu and global economy: white house adviser in newspaper"
"(reuters) - britain holds a referendum on membership of the european union on june 23. following are details of how the referendum will work on the night. sources: electoral commission
 who prescribes safe sex and avoiding poor areas"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate negotiators on wednesday tried to reach a deal to provide more than $1 billion to battle the zika virus that is feared will creep north into the united states with the onset of warmer weather
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican national committee chairman reince priebus said a meeting on thursday with presumptive presidential nominee donald trump and u.s. house speaker paul ryan was a step toward unifying the divided republican party. “the meeting was great. it was a very positive step toward party unity
" (this version of the may 11 story
"berlin (reuters) - the european union would not simply carry on as before should britain vote to leave the bloc
"washington/san juan (reuters) - as the u.s. congress drags its feet on a bill to address puerto rico’s $70 billion debt crisis
"washington (reuters) - republican veteran newt gingrich did not rule out on wednesday the possibility that he could be persuaded to serve as presumptive nominee donald trump’s vice presidential running mate
"london (reuters) - london’s status as a global financial center would probably be affected to some extent if britain votes to leave the european union in next month’s referendum
 yahoo mail over security fears"
"santa clara (reuters) - cyber attack techniques used by the u.s.-led coalition against islamic state could also be used by other countries
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump pulled even with democratic rival hillary clinton in a reuters/ipsos opinion poll released on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - the house of representatives on wednesday unanimously passed legislation to improve safety planning for children who are born dependent on opioid drugs.  a similar bill is pending in the senate. it is one of more than a dozen new measures that are aimed at addressing a u.s. epidemic of addiction to pain pills and cheap heroin.     the legislation came in response to a reuters investigation last year
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump would consider changes to social security and medicare if he is elected u.s. president
"washington (reuters) - planned parenthood filed a lawsuit against ohio officials on wednesday over a plan by the state to restrict the u.s. healthcare agency’s access to state and federal funds
 sanders fans share hunger for campaign t-shirts
"(reuters) - the louisiana legislature on wednesday passed a bill requiring women to wait three days before receiving an abortion
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. republican presidential candidate mitt romney on wednesday criticized donald trump for declining to release his tax returns
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said on wednesday he was trying to be as constructive as possible as he looked forward to a thursday meeting with presumptive u.s. republican presidential nominee donald trump aimed at unifying the fractured party. but ryan
 almost even with clinton in national u.s. poll"
"washington (reuters) - democrats in the u.s. house of representatives could not agree to the latest republican bill on puerto rico’s debt crisis
"washington/new york (reuters) - republicans on a u.s. house of representatives panel said they were making progress on a puerto rico debt relief bill that will take the same basic approach as an earlier failed version
" (this version of the may 10 story has been corrects to update new name of group to “glbtq legal advocates & defenders” from “gay and lesbian advocates and defenders
"(reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said on monday he would step down as chairman of the republican party’s july convention if presumptive republican nominee donald trump asked him to do so
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats defeated a republican effort to undercut the iran nuclear agreement on wednesday by blocking an amendment to a spending bill that would have stopped the obama administration from buying heavy water from tehran. the amendment to an energy spending bill offered by republican senator tom cotton received 57 yes votes and 42 no votes. it had needed 60 yes votes to advance in the 100-member senate. cotton withdrew his amendment after the vote and the senate is expected to vote later on a version of the spending bill without it. the measure would have barred the use of u.s. government funds to purchase heavy water
"washington/new york (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders defeated hillary clinton on tuesday in west virginia’s primary
"washington (reuters) - donald trump
 judges in speeches: nyt"
 warns of 'volcanic anger'"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said he had narrowed his potential vice presidential choices to five or six experienced politicians
 will not apologize for world war two bombing"
"washington/london (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump
"chicago (reuters) - mel reynolds
 democratic official charged in vote-buying scheme"
"washington (reuters) - the white house pressed forward on tuesday with its uphill battle to win senate confirmation of president barack obama’s supreme court nominee
"(reuters) - a federal judge in new jersey on tuesday ordered the release of a list of unindicted co-conspirators in the criminal case against two former allies of republican governor chris christie in a 2013 scandal involving lane closures on the george washington bridge. u.s. district judge susan wigenton in newark ruled in favor of several media organizations that sought the list
 analysts say"
"gop leaders have unleashed a stunning level of vitriol against their party’s most successful presidential candidate.  house speaker paul ryan (r-wis.)
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s campaign manager
"new york (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. house of representatives’ natural resources committee said on monday legislation to address puerto rico’s growing debt and humanitarian crisis will be introduced for discussion on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump backtracked on monday on his remarks about raising taxes on wealthy americans
"washington/winston-salem
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama’s nominee to the supreme court
"washington (reuters) - republican senator marco rubio on monday sought to quash speculation that he might emerge as the vice presidential running mate for republican candidate donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump will meet with senate republican leader mitch mcconnell on thursday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will meet with his national security council on tuesday morning to discuss u.s. efforts to fight islamic state militants
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on monday it was concerned the debt crisis confronting puerto rico could hamper its ability to deal with the potential public health crisis caused by the spread of the zika virus
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said on monday he has chosen new jersey governor chris christie
"cleveland/new york - bracing for a general election fight with donald trump
"orlando
" (this version of the may 5
" new york (reuters) - the u.s. presidential election may turn out to be one of the world’s biggest un-popularity contests.  nearly half of american voters who support either democrat hillary clinton or republican donald trump for the white house said they will mainly be trying to block the other side from winning
' obama tells trump"
"hanoi (reuters) - a top u.s. envoy began a two-day trip to vietnam on monday to gauge its progress in human rights
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump said on sunday he was open to raising taxes on the rich
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. vice presidential candidate sarah palin vowed on sunday to help unseat paul ryan
 house's ryan to meet trump"
 but work to be done"
"(reuters) - alabama’s supreme court chief justice was suspended on friday  for ordering state probate judges not to grant marriage licenses to gay couples
"phoenix (reuters) - arizona’s governor signed into law on friday a bitterly contested proposal that will restore a federal health insurance program for children from low-income families
 help economy"
"new york (reuters) - democratic front-runner hillary clinton has a higher probability than her likely republican rival donald trump of becoming the next u.s. president
"washington (reuters) - donald trump will testify after the nov. 8 presidential election in a class-action lawsuit that accuses him and his now-defunct trump university of defrauding people who paid up to $35
"new york (reuters) - would donald trump really consider not paying portions of the u.s. debt? the prospect riled economists on friday as stories in the new york times and the conservative website the blaze cast fresh scrutiny on comments trump made a day earlier. responding to a question about the national debt
"oklahoma city (reuters) - oklahoma’s legislature has passed a bill aimed at reducing the state’s bulging population of feral hogs
"washington (reuters) - former republican presidential candidate jeb bush said on friday he would not vote for either the party’s presumptive nominee donald trump or the democratic front-runner hillary clinton in the november election. “in november
 warns against isolationism in boston speech"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama urged the u.s. media and american public on friday to examine the “long record” of republican presidential candidate donald trump and not get distracted by the “spectacle and the circus” aspect of the 2016 election campaign. the democratic president delivered an indirect swipe at the flamboyant
"washington (reuters) - republican senator and former presidential hopeful lindsey graham said on friday he could not in “good conscience” support donald trump for the presidency
"washington (reuters) - japan’s ambassador to the united states weighed in on the u.s. presidential election debate on friday by arguing against the “america first” stance of republican candidate donald trump and stressing the importance of the u.s.-japan alliance. without mentioning trump by name
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on friday will deliver a statement “on the economy and new steps to strengthen financial transparency and combat money laundering
"(reuters) - republican lawmakers
"washington/london (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said on thursday he thought britain would be better off out of the european union
"washington (reuters) - the top elected republican
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump said on thursday that before the party’s convention in july
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said on thursday he was not ready to support the policy agenda being advanced by u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan
"washington (reuters) - the federal bureau of investigation is likely to interview hillary clinton in the next few weeks about her use of a private email server while she was u.s. secretary of state and have already interviewed some of her aides
 mexican president discuss immigration
 says open to running mate role: cnn"
"winston-salem
"washington (reuters) - two u.s. senators urged auto safety regulators to publicly name the makes and models of tens of millions of vehicles with potentially faulty takata air bag inflators
"chicago (reuters) - for the second time in two weeks
"(reuters) - the michigan house of representatives approved on thursday a $500 million spending package for detroit’s cash-strapped schools
 riles social media users"
"washington (reuters) - jacobs technology inc was awarded a $427 million contract related to threat/target systems for warfighter training
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he is not ready to support or endorse republican presidential candidate donald trump. “i’m just not ready to do that at this point. i’m not there right now
"washington (reuters) - for some democrats
' risky choice for president"
"washington (reuters) - the white house on thursday said that it sees no reason to wait until after the nov. 8 presidential election for congress to take up discussions on the trans-pacific partnership “there’s no reason we need to wait that long
"washington (reuters) - republican donald trump named a national finance chairman for his presidential campaign on thursday
"isle of lewis
 states urge white house to reject plan to open spectrum"
" (this version of the story corrects the figure for the current minimum wage to $7.25 from $15 in paragraph two) washington (reuters) - donald trump
 high-tech visas"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump outlined economic policy initiatives on thursday that he would pursue if elected to the white house in november
 will not apologize"
"new york (reuters) - donald trump’s vow to round up and deport all of america’s undocumented immigrants if he is elected president could shrink the economy by around 2 percent
"washington (reuters) - senator john mccain told supporters in arizona last month that having donald trump on the republican presidential ticket would hurt his own re-election bid in arizona
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump said on wednesday he would not bail out puerto rico if he were in the white house. asked in an interview with cnn what he would do to help the u.s. commonwealth
 syrian refugees as major threat: report"
"washington (reuters) - a federal judge in washington on wednesday ordered that democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton may have to testify in a lawsuit related to the private email server she used while secretary of state.  u.s. district judge emmet sullivan said the parties in the case
"los angeles (reuters) - supporters of a drive to legalize recreational marijuana for adults in california said on wednesday they had collected more than enough signatures to qualify the measure for the november ballot
 aims to cut around $1 billion"
 politico"
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump said on wednesday he will probably work with the republican national committee to raise $1 billion to beat likely democratic rival hillary clinton in the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election. “we’re going to try and raise over a billion dollars which is what’s going to be necessary. the democrats maybe will get as high as two billion dollars
"washington (reuters) - presumptive republican presidential nominee donald trump said on wednesday he could make some cabinet announcements before the party’s july convention in cleveland
"washington (reuters) - south carolina governor nikki haley
"chicago (reuters) - dozens of illinois social service providers
 trudeau
 senate leader reaffirms garland opposition"
"monterrey
"chicago (reuters) - chicago mayor rahm emanuel tried to reassure municipal credit analysts on wednesday that the city and its public school district are not falling into a financial abyss. “i will not rest until we fix the fiscal position of both the city and (chicago public schools)
"buenos aires (reuters) - an argentine tv station is lampooning u.s. presidential hopeful donald trump’s comments about illegal immigration from latin america to promote next month’s regional copa america soccer tournament in the united states. “our country is in serious trouble!” trump says to ominous music in the commercial made by tyc sports channel
 politicians remain defiantly #nevertrump"
 u.s. tells nervous iran investors"
"(reuters) - republican john hammond iii had made no secret of his distaste for donald trump and his desire to halt his march to the party’s presidential nomination
 china urges objectivity"
"washington (reuters) - retired lieutenant general michael flynn
 republican cruz leaves himself a path forward"
"sacramento
"new york (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary jack lew on tuesday said puerto rico’s financial crisis risks turning the commonwealth into a chaotic mess unless the u.s. congress can enact a plan to restructure its debt. “the challenge is for congress to act fast enough so that the unfolding crisis in puerto rico doesn’t cascade out of control
"chicago (reuters) - a democratic bid to transfer the highly coveted political power of drawing legislative boundaries from state lawmakers to the democratically controlled illinois supreme court overwhelmingly passed the state house of representatives on tuesday. the proposed amendment to illinois’ constitution sailed through the house on a 105-7 vote and now must be approved by a three-fifths majority in the state senate by friday in order to be placed on the nov. 8 general election ballot. since democrats controlled the state legislature and the governor’s office after the 2010 census
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton on tuesday said the united states must move toward a cleaner energy future but not forget those who work in the coal industry. “we’ve got to both move toward a clean energy future ... but we also have to remember who turned on the lights and powered the factories and provided the energy that we needed to build our country
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential hopeful ted cruz lashed out at rival candidate donald trump on the day of indiana’s primary on tuesday
"new york (reuters) - former new york state assembly speaker sheldon silver
"washington (reuters) - legislation to help puerto rico deal with its $72 billion debt crisis “is being finalized” by a u.s. congress committee following negotiations with the treasury department
"(reuters) - moody’s investors service on tuesday slapped a negative outlook on kansas’ aa2 credit rating
"nashville (reuters) - educators and other full-time staffers at tennessee’s public state universities and colleges will soon be able to carry handguns on campus after governor bill haslam allowed a bill to become law on monday without his signature. the bill that the republican governor allowed to become law had little opposition in both houses
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on monday that a chinese-led regional trade deal demonstrated the urgent need for congress to approve the 12-nation trans-pacific partnership trade pact. obama has been pushing to finalize the tpp before he leaves office on jan. 20
"indianapolis (reuters) - donald trump’s success in the race for the white house may well depend on the support of republican evangelicals suspicious of the front-runner’s more liberal side as he discloses his social views. a new york businessman who has never held public office
"washington/carmel
"islamabad (reuters) - pakistan angrily criticized donald trump
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on monday took the political battle over his pick for a vacancy on the u.s. supreme court to the home states of seven republican senators up for re-election in november. obama conducted interviews with local television anchors where he argued that republican senators should hold confirmation hearings and vote on his nomination of appellate judge merrick garland to the top court. “what my argument is: let the american people see judge garland
"(reuters) - the national wrestling hall of fame on monday revoked all awards bestowed upon former u.s. house speaker dennis hastert after he admitted in court to sexually abusing students years ago when he was a high school wrestling coach. the organization’s board of governors unanimously voted for the revocation after an ethics committee found hastert’s actions to be “detrimental to the ideals and objectives” of the wrestling hall of fame
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration urged congress to pass legislation to help puerto rico resolve a debt crisis which was expected to trigger a bond default on monday. “congress has yet to produce a workable legislative response
 trump says
"washington (reuters) - it’s a u.s. taxpayer’s dream: make the internal revenue service go away
"los angeles (reuters) - hundreds of people marched through los angeles on sunday in a may day rally that took aim at republican presidential front-runner donald trump for his anti-illegal immigration platform that includes building a wall along the u.s. border with mexico. the demonstration in america’s second most populous city
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on saturday took aim at democrats and republicans alike in his final appearance headlining the star-studded white house correspondents’ dinner
"burlingame
 cruz courts state's republicans"
"burlingame
"(reuters) - the united states military academy is poised to have its first woman dean in its 216-year history after president barack obama nominated to the post a west point graduate who currently leads the school’s department of social sciences. colonel cindy jebb
 european trade negotiators battle political headwinds"
"washington (reuters) - indiana governor mike pence said on friday he would vote for republican presidential candidate ted cruz in the state’s primary next week
"washington (reuters) - as donald trump moves closer to clinching the republican presidential nomination
" (corrects first paragraph of april 22 item to show that bill has not been sent to the governor and adds third paragraph to explain status) by heide brandes oklahoma city (reuters) - an oklahoma bill that could revoke the license of any doctor who performs an abortion may soon head to the governor
 pro-trump groups plan forceful presence in cleveland"
"boston (reuters) - the brady campaign to prevent gun violence said on friday it has sharply cut back an online ad that had used the names and faces of mass shooters and urged the news media not to identify them after the group drew criticism from other gun control activists. the group
"oklahoma city (reuters) - oklahoma lawmakers will take up legislation next week aimed at ensuring sex crimes do not go unpunished in the state because the victims were unconscious or intoxicated when they occurred.  in march
"(reuters) - some 20 demonstrators were arrested on thursday outside a donald trump campaign rally in southern california
"london (reuters) - donald trump’s first major foreign policy address alarmed american allies
"erbil
 u.s. senate approves envoy to mexico"
 risking backlash from women"
"caitlyn jenner posted a video on wednesday (april 26) of herself using a women’s bathroom at republican presidential candidate donald trump’s new york hotel. published on her facebook page
"(reuters) - a u.s. congressman called on the department of homeland security to address whether foreign students are cheating on the sat to get into american universities and illegally qualify for u.s. visas.  in a letter dated wednesday and sent to the homeland security department
"washington (reuters) - a revised criminal justice reform bill moved closer to a full u.s. senate vote on thursday when it gained support from more republicans after being stalled for months in congress. in a legacy-shaping issue for president barack obama
 obama threatens veto"
"tulsa
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump on thursday won endorsements from two more u.s. congress members as he battled to be his party’s nominee. of the 300 republicans in congress - 246 in the house of representatives and 54 in the senate - trump now had the explicit support of 11 with the newly announced public backing by representatives jeff miller of florida and bill shuster of pennsylvania. trump
"erbil
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday the united states is “deeply concerned” that china’s new law on management of the activities of foreign non-governmental organizations will narrow the space for civil society in china. china’s parliament passed a law governing foreign ngos
 obama immigration chief clash over criminal immigrants"
"washington (reuters) - the white house on thursday said vice president joe biden’s unannounced visit to iraq to meet with iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi was a “good indication” of u.s. support of the prime minister’s efforts to unify that country.  “this is a good indication of the united states continued support for prime minister abadi’s efforts to unify the nation of iraq to  confront isil
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary ash carter said on thursday he would support lifting restrictions on the sale of weapons to vietnam
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan invited indian prime minister narendra modi on thursday to address a joint meeting of congress when he visits washington in june
"washington (reuters) - the united states said thursday it is working to cut off revenue streams to north korea by targeting remittances from its overseas workers
 house panel getting 'very close' on puerto rico debt bill"
"baghdad (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden met iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi on thursday to discuss political and security issues during an unannounced trip to baghdad
" (this version of the april 27 story
 educated voters fuel trump's east coast sweep"
 hoping to revive struggling campaign
"los angeles (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders’ positions on fracking
"new york (reuters) - more than half of american voters believe that the system u.s. political parties use to pick their candidates for the white house is “rigged” and more than two-thirds want to see the process changed
"washington (reuters) - a republican political donor said on wednesday he would spend “seven figures” on a targeted digital campaign backing two senators who support clean energy policies
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers in the house armed services committee began debating an annual defense policy bill on wednesday that would shift $18 billion in pentagon war-funding to other military needs. the proposed legislation would use the $18 billion to halt cuts to the size of the military and boost training and maintenance in an effort to improve u.s. military readiness. the funding shift would leave $35.7 billion to pay for u.s. military efforts in afghanistan
"mexico city (reuters) - embarrassed by donald trump’s rhetoric against mexico
 keeps another after sentencing"
"sacramento
"louisville
 criticism on social media"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan called on wednesday for an end to obamacare’s financial protections for people with serious medical conditions
 valeant pledge reforms after spiking drug prices"
"(reuters) - drugmaker valeant pharmaceuticals international inc’s (vrx.to) new chief executive
"new york (reuters) - u.s. democrat hillary clinton is the only presidential contender scheduled to attend a reception next week organized by a leading political association of asian americans and pacific islanders as she seeks to consolidate her support from minority voters.     the asian pacific american institute for congressional studies leadership network
"(reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump delivered a major foreign policy speech on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress on wednesday passed and sent to president barack obama legislation strengthening legal protection for companies’ trade secrets
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders said on wednesday he is planning to lay off hundreds of campaign workers nationwide and focus on winning in california
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives voted unanimously on wednesday to require law enforcement authorities to get a search warrant before asking technology companies to hand over old emails. the bill’s prospects in the senate remain unclear
 admits sex abuse"
"(reuters) - a maine state official on wednesday validated a petition by pro-marijuana activists that would allow the state’s voters to determine whether to make recreational use of the drug legal in the northeasternmost u.s. state. maine secretary of state matthew dunlap found that activists had collected enough verified signatures to be presented to state lawmakers for consideration
"washington (reuters) - a battle over implementation of the iran nuclear deal erupted on the u.s. senate floor on wednesday as democrats maneuvered to block a republican amendment stopping the obama administration from buying heavy water from tehran’s nuclear program. by a vote of 50-46
"(reuters) - an alabama city appears to be the first in the country to specify criminal penalties for violators of an ordinance requiring people to use bathrooms that match the gender on their birth certificates
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on wednesday appeared poised to throw out the corruption convictions of former virginia governor robert mcdonnell
 michigan to hear about water crisis"
"washington (reuters) - obama’s trip to flint
"washington (reuters) - house speaker paul ryan on wednesday said a range of options to provide funds to fight zika
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate ted cruz said he will make a major announcement at 4 p.m. on wednesday but gave no other details.  speaking to reporters in indianapolis
"(reuters) - a republican candidate running to become north carolina’s attorney general faced criticism on tuesday after saying “we must fight to keep our state straight” while discussing a law that restricts transgender bathroom access and gay rights. the measure has positioned the state at the center of a debate over equality
"kiev (reuters) - u.s assistant secretary of state victoria nuland said on wednesday she was encouraged by signs of commitment to reform from ukraine’s new government and urged kiev to start jailing corrupt officials. months of political turmoil in the run-up to the cabinet reshuffle - the biggest since an uprising in 2014 brought in a pro-western leadership - have derailed efforts to root out corruption
"baltimore (reuters) - a maryland state senator backing law enforcement reform won a narrow victory on tuesday in the democratic nominating contest for the mayor of baltimore
"phoenix (reuters) - a judge on tuesday tossed out a legal challenge to a problem-plagued presidential preference election in arizona
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on tuesday approved a measure that would for the first time require the homeland security department to use testimonials from former extremists to counter recruiting messages from militant groups. “terrorists are radicalizing our citizens online and across borders
"seattle (reuters) - a jury did not convict washington state’s auditor on money-laundering and tax-evasion charges on tuesday in a blow to federal prosecutors who argued that the democrat had “spun a web of lies” to avoid paying taxes and defraud thousands of homeowners. the jury in tacoma also acquitted troy kelley
"(reuters) - kansas is withdrawing from plans to resettle syrian refugees in the state after the federal government failed to provide security information on them
"winston-salem
 overhauls hospitals"
 lawmakers say"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday wrestled with the question of under what circumstances judges can recall jurors to duty after they have rendered a verdict
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court ruled on tuesday that a former police detective can sue a new jersey city claiming he was demoted as punishment after getting a campaign sign for his bedridden mother supporting the mayor’s rival in a 2006 local election. the court
"washington (reuters) - democrats on a powerful u.s. congressional panel are questioning whether canada-based valeant pharmaceuticals may be wrongfully withholding documents in connection with its ongoing probe into sky-rocketing drug prices
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. state department official said on tuesday that washington has no plans to change a cold war-era law granting special immigration benefits to cubans
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives republican leader kevin mccarthy said on tuesday he is “hopeful” lawmakers can move legislation on puerto rico out of the house before the u.s. territory must make a $1.55 billion debt payment in july. but lawmakers will not be able to address the island’s fiscal crisis before may 1
"raleigh
"washington (reuters) - u.s. immigration enforcement officers are proposing that fingerprints be taken from all people claiming custody of children who have entered the united states illegally without an adult relative
"winston-salem
 trump rips cruz and kasich"
"(reuters) - a man who accused former u.s. house speaker dennis hastert of sexual abuse filed a lawsuit on monday claiming the once powerful conservative politician owes him $1.8 million as a part of an agreement between them to compensate him for decades of pain and suffering. the plaintiff
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate ted cruz’s campaign is vetting former business executive carly fiorina as a possible vice presidential pick
"washington (reuters) - u.s. chief justice john roberts on monday described as bizarre the legal process used by companies to challenge competitors’ patents as the supreme court heard a case involving a vehicle speedometer that alerts drivers if they are driving too quickly. the eight justices heard an appeal filed by cuozzo speed technologies llc
"washington (reuters) - overcrowded prisons strain state budgets
"boston (reuters) - boston mayor martin walsh
 kasich reach 'stop-trump' deal"
"washington (reuters) - billionaire environmental activist tom steyer’s super pac launched a $25 million youth voter drive on monday in seven political battleground states to help elect candidates that champion climate change policies in november’s general election.  steyer’s nextgen climate super pac
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner on monday signed into law a bill to send $600 million to cash-starved state universities and community colleges
 merkel push for trade deal as foreign crises weigh"
 mexico looks to recast image in u.s."
"hanover
"(reuters) - a promise that u.s. republican front-runner donald trump will adopt a more presidential campaign style does not signal a retreat from core policies such as his pledge to build a wall on the mexican border
"washington (reuters) - billionaire industrialist charles koch
"hanover
"hanover
"washington (reuters) - the white house will likely make a decision by june on whether it will release some classified material withheld from the public 9/11 commission report
"washington (reuters) - former virginia governor robert mcdonnell contends that if the supreme court agrees with prosecutors’ broad view of bribery law and allows his corruption convictions to stand
"hollywood
 promises not to become boring"
"london/washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton wants britain to stay in the european union
"washington (reuters) - longer prison sentences for non-violent criminals and crowded prisons are hurting the american economy more than they are helping it
"houston (reuters) - harold hamm
"richmond
 trump puts spotlight on potential running mates"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers are pressing the nation’s top intelligence official to estimate the number of americans ensnared in email surveillance and other such spying on foreign targets
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives speaker paul ryan
"london (ifr) - the prospect of donald trump becoming the next u.s. president and ushering in a period of increased public spending and de-globalisation has not been adequately priced into bond markets
"tokyo (reuters) - the united states will propose that president barack obama visits hiroshima
 will become more presidential: adviser"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton launched a bid on thursday to draw young voters and small donors to her campaign
"winston-salem
"guantanamo bay u.s. naval base
"new york (reuters) - time magazine’s annual “100 most influential people” list had a notable omission this year: john kasich
"mexico city (reuters) - a key committee in mexico’s senate on thursday ratified a deal with the united states that would boost competition in air transportation
 zarif to discuss u.s. sanctions relief for iran on friday: u.s."
"washington/new york - democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton has spent about $15 per vote so far in the race for the party’s nomination
"(reuters) - u.s. senator elizabeth warren
"washington (reuters) - a display of u.s. state flags in a tunnel under washington’s capitol complex will be replaced because of controversial confederate symbols on some of the flags
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of senators will soon offer a proposal for more funding to fight a zika outbreak spreading rapidly through the americas
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday very good progress was being made on a bill to help puerto rico tackle its $70 billion debt
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives democratic leader nancy pelosi on thursday said lawmakers were “working in a very cooperative way” to solve puerto rico’s debt crisis and would hopefully be closer to a solution by next week. “hopefully
"sydney (reuters) - nearly half australian adults would support their country distancing itself from the united states if donald trump became u.s. president
 less u.s. trade in trump presidency: reuters poll"
"(reuters) - kansas governor sam brownback offered options on wednesday for dealing with sinking revenue for the state’s current and next budgets
 saudi king discuss strained alliance
 not human rights
"new york (reuters) - front-runner donald trump showed signs of tightening his grip on the republican u.s. presidential nomination on wednesday when chief rival ted cruz acknowledged his own only hope of wresting control is a contested convention. trump delivered a crushing defeat of cruz in tuesday’s new york republican nominating contest while democratic front-runner hillary clinton broke rival bernie sanders’ string of state victories with a definitive win of her own. rebounding from a defeat in wisconsin two weeks ago
"washington (reuters) - activists in a group supporting marijuana legalization said on wednesday that white house officials had invited them to a meeting next week to talk about issues surrounding the substance. “i hope to establish an ongoing dialogue with the white house and cannabis reformers
"hollywood
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump would be inclined to replace federal reserve chair janet yellen if he wins the white house despite supporting the u.s. central bank’s efforts to keep interest rates low
 saudi king discuss u.s.-saudi ties
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. congressional committee is planning to ask the air force to assess the cost and feasibility of restarting production of lockheed martin corp’s f-22 fighter jet in the face of greater security threats around the world. the radar-evading jets formally entered service in december 2005
"oklahoma city (reuters) - an oklahoma bill that allows judges to take into consideration a diagnosis of ptsd for veterans unanimously passed the state senate on tuesday
 abu dhabi crown prince discuss yemen
"boston (reuters) - support for republican presidential front-runner donald trump among his party’s church-going catholics has risen since pope francis suggested the u.s. businessman was not a real christian
"(reuters) - a u.s. lawmaker has called for a congressional committee to hold a hearing on legislation that would make it easier for law enforcement to identify legal owners of shell companies to curb future abuse. rep. carolyn maloney
"washington (reuters) - the top democrat on the house of representatives intelligence committee called on wednesday for the release of part of a government report on the sept. 11 attacks
 speed lng exports"
"washington (reuters) - the supreme court on wednesday unanimously upheld the state legislative districts in arizona drawn by an independent commission
 crown prince of abu dhabi to meet wednesday evening - white house"
"new york (reuters) - the chances of a contested republican presidential convention slid to their lowest in more than three weeks on wednesday after donald trump swept to a critical victory in new york’s primary
"washington (reuters) - apple inc (aapl.o) has been asked by chinese authorities within the last two years to hand over its source code but refused
"washington (reuters) - a high-ranking republican senator on tuesday dismissed as “not satisfactory” draft legislation aimed at addressing puerto rico’s fiscal crisis before a looming debt default on may 1
"washington (reuters) - the leaders of the u.s. house of representatives foreign affairs committee called on tuesday for indian prime minister narendra modi to address a joint meeting of congress during a visit to washington in june. “given the depth of our relationship with india across a range of areas - defense
 a pitch for garland for supreme court"
 police accord for ferguson
"(reuters) - u.s. health insurer unitedhealth group inc on tuesday said it would largely exit the obamacare individual insurance market in 2017
"new york (reuters) - unitedhealth group inc’s decision to exit most of its obamacare health insurance exchanges next year means rivals will need to raise prices further to prop up an unprofitable business
"(reuters) - a u.s. house of representatives committee on tuesday approved an amendment to an agricultural funding bill that would make it easier for e-cigarettes to win regulatory clearance than currently proposed by the food and drug administration. under a proposed fda rule
"washington (reuters) - the majority leader of the u.s. senate
"washington (reuters) - the secretive u.s. foreign intelligence surveillance court has issued its first order allowing the national security agency to collect telephone records under a new electronic spying law congress passed last year. according to an order from the court posted tuesday on a website operated by the office of the director of national intelligence
"louisville (reuters) - kentucky’s republican governor on tuesday called for an investigation into how his democratic predecessor awarded state contracts and solicited campaign contributions
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan did not immediately endorse a senate bill on tuesday that would allow americans to sue the government of saudi arabia over the sept. 11 attacks
"washington (reuters) - in an historic first
"new york (reuters) - a new york city official on tuesday ordered an audit of the city’s election authorities
 iran discuss fulfilling nuclear deal pledges to tehran"
 dc lawmakers finalize ban on public pot smoking"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday struggled with the question of when federal contractors can be sued for defrauding the government in a case involving a 19-year-old massachusetts woman who suffered a fatal 2009 seizure at a mental health facility. the parents of yarushka rivera claimed that universal health services inc
 ny"
"san francisco (reuters) - the electronic frontier foundation sued the u.s. department of justice on tuesday in an attempt to obtain any secret court orders forcing companies like apple inc (aapl.o) or google (googl.o) to decrypt user communications. the tech advocacy group’s lawsuit
"washington (reuters) - he’s a successful businessman making his first foray into politics. he wants to secure the southern border with mexico and dump global trade deals. and like donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry will meet with iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif in new york on tuesday to discuss implementation of the iran nuclear deal and ways tehran can use its influence to end syria’s civil war
"washington (reuters) - the senate on tuesday overwhelmingly approved legislation that would boost domestic travel security in the wake of the brussels attacks and authorize the programs of the federal aviation administration through september 2017. the 95-3 vote sends the measure to the house of representatives
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s bid to save his plan to spare millions of immigrants in the country illegally from deportation and give them work permits ran into trouble on monday at the u.s. supreme court in a case testing the limits of presidential power. the court
 dance
 u.s. says"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders accused front-runner hillary clinton of apparent campaign finance violations on monday
"baghdad (reuters) - the united states will send more troops to iraq and will put them closer to the front lines of battle there to advise iraqi forces in the war against islamic state militants.  u.s. defense officials said on monday that washington will deploy about 200 additional troops
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said in an interview broadcast on monday that the united states is providing more support to iraq as its military moves to take back territory from islamic state
"washington (reuters) - the white house expressed confidence on monday that saudi arabia would not follow through on a reported threat to sell u.s. assets if congress passed a bill that could hold the kingdom responsible for any role in al qaeda’s sept. 11
 kuwait"
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday heard arguments in a challenge by 26 states to president barack obama’s executive action to defer deportation of certain immigrant children and parents who are in the country illegally. here is a chronology of the case
"washington (reuters) - u.s. first lady michelle obama will join her husband
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday heard arguments in a challenge brought by texas and other states to president barack obama’s executive action on immigration. the eight justices confronted a series of legal questions beginning with whether texas and the other state challengers even had grounds to bring the case. obama’s november 2014 orders affect immigrants in the country illegally whose children are u.s. citizens or lawful permanent residents or who themselves have been in the united states since they were children. here is a look at some of the key legal questions in the case: to bring a case
"washington (reuters) - paul ryan
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton said if she wins the white house she would go farther than president barack obama’s executive action on immigration and would propose comprehensive immigration reform legislation within 100 days of taking office. “i will do everything i can to protect the president’s executive actions and go further to bring more people relief and keep families together
"manila (reuters) - the united states will transfer an observation blimp to the philippines to help it track maritime activity and guard its borders amid rising tensions in the south china sea
"tokyo (reuters) - the united states will respond strongly in the case of a further north korean nuclear test
"washington (reuters) - chinese finance minister lou jiwei criticized republican presidential front-runner donald trump
"washington (reuters) - a senior adviser to republican presidential candidate ted cruz on sunday accused rival donald trump’s campaign of taking a “banana republic approach” by complaining that party rules for selecting a nominee are rigged against him. former virginia attorney general ken cuccinelli
" (corrects headline and first paragraph to show spokesman was referring to u.s. financial system
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court will hear a case on monday that tests the boundaries of presidential powers
"(reuters) - when the u.s. supreme court on monday takes up a challenge brought by texas and other states to president barack obama’s executive action on immigration
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday will hear arguments in a challenge by 26 states to president barack obama’s executive action to defer deportation of certain immigrant children and parents who are in the country illegally. here is a chronology of the case
"casper
"washington (reuters) - actor and director george clooney
"aboard the papal plane (reuters) - pope francis said on saturday that his meeting with bernie sanders
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration on friday weighed in on the debate over allowing consumers to switch from pricey cable television boxes to less expensive devices
"washington (reuters) - a group of former contestants on donald trump’s reality television show “the apprentice” put their old boss in the hot seat on friday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate bernie sanders
"(reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump’s campaign manager said on friday he was relieved a battery case against him was over but disputed a reporter’s claim that he never tried to get in touch after she accused him of bruising her arm. palm beach county state attorney dave aronberg said on thursday that lewandowski
"havana (reuters) - cruise company carnival corporation believes cuba will soon modify rules that bar cuban-americans from traveling on its planned cruises to the island
"boston/washington (reuters) - conservative and independent protesters channeling themes from the presidential campaigns of donald trump and bernie sanders dumped faux contributions into boston harbor on friday
"geneva (reuters) - the u.n. high commissioner for human rights launched a thinly veiled attack on u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump and other presidential hopefuls on friday
 investors"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama and his wife michelle donated less to charities in 2015 as their income also dipped
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s proposed rules to stop u.s. companies from reincorporating abroad
"(reuters) - mississippi governor phil bryant signed a gun rights bill on friday allowing churches to create security programs designating members to carry firearms to defend worshipers against violence. the legislation
"vatican city (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate bernie sanders
"baltimore (reuters) - in the port city of baltimore
 sanders democratic debate draws 5.6 million viewers: cnn"
"washington (reuters) - more than 90 percent of the u.s. house of representatives has signed a letter urging president barack obama to use u.s. veto power to block any united nations resolutions seen as biased against israel
"washington (reuters) - the head of the u.s. internal revenue service should resign due to the agency’s inability to improve its defenses against hacks on taxpayer data
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. congress should give puerto rico the authority to restructure its debt
"washington (reuters) - republican officials on friday defended the process for selecting delegates who will choose the party’s presidential nominee
 bank regulation if elected: cnbc interview"
 cruz shows edge over trump in grasp of nuances of white house race"
"new york (reuters) - republican front-runner donald trump on thursday talked up “new york values” and urged his home state voters to give him a big win next week
"(reuters) - former new york governor george pataki endorsed republican presidential candidate john kasich on thursday
"miami (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry condemned carnival corp  on thursday for barring cuban-americans from its planned cruises to cuba and called on the cuban government to change its policies to allow them. “carnival needs to not discriminate
"phoenix (reuters) - the democratic national committee will file a federal lawsuit over the actions of arizona election officials during the presidential primary that caused long waits at the polls and critics said disenfranchised voters
"west palm beach
 fbi to clash again in congress over encryption"
 north korean icbms: u.s. admiral"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate agriculture committee on thursday approved a reauthorization of the commodity futures trading commission
 u.s. sets new offshore oil safety rules"
 rifts"
"(reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump drew guffaws and derision on social media after he asked a campaign rally in pittsburgh
"washington (reuters) - the republican and democratic leaders in the u.s. house of representatives on thursday expressed optimism over prospects for a bill helping puerto rico out of its debt crisis
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on thursday expressed confidence that lawmakers would ultimately be able to move on a legislative fix to address puerto rico’s debt crisis. “i think we are going to get there
 arkansas congressman who figured in nixon impeachment
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on thursday said he opposed any effort to give iran access to the u.s. dollar
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he backs continuing the $1.3 billion in annual military aid that washington sends to egypt
 tries to soften his image "
 clinton for president as ny race nears"
"jacksonville
"washington (reuters) - republican white house hopeful ted cruz said on wednesday he is looking at who he might select as his vice presidential running mate should he become the party’s presidential nominee
 clinton join picket lines
"(reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump’s campaign manager
"washington (reuters) - legislation to help puerto rico climb out of a debilitating debt crisis hit new resistance in the u.s. congress on wednesday
"san juan (reuters) - - creditors of puerto rico’s government development bank on wednesday withdrew a lawsuit that sought to prevent a run on the bank ahead of a $422 million debt payment due on may 1. hedge funds including brigade capital management and claren road asset management
"(reuters) - a donald trump presidency would be bad for corporate dealmaking
"washington (reuters) - two u.s. senators on wednesday issued a formal draft of a controversial bill that would give courts the power to order technology companies like apple to help authorities break into encrypted devices or communications for law enforcement or intelligence purposes. the proposal arrives just days after an earlier draft leaked online and drew fire from security researchers and civil liberties advocates who warned it would undermine internet security and expose personal data to hackers. those same groups on wednesday said the new draft is little different from the leaked version. the bill comes as the u.s. justice department has redoubled its efforts to use the courts to force apple (aapl.o) to unlock encrypted iphones. senators richard burr and dianne feinstein
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house natural resources committee chairman rob bishop on wednesday said obama administration proposals to change a puerto rico debt relief bill are under negotiation
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. house of representatives committee has canceled thursday’s work session on legislation aimed at helping puerto rico dig out of a debt crisis
 democrats concerned over puerto rico plan "
"(reuters) - a south carolina bill to require transgender people to use public restrooms matching their sex at birth was slammed by critics on wednesday
"(reuters) - the obama administration will announce thursday safety regulations for offshore oil and natural gas drilling to prevent the kind of explosion that happened six years ago on a bp rig in the gulf of mexico
"washington (reuters) - legislation that would require law enforcement to obtain a search warrant before asking technology companies to hand over old emails unanimously moved forward in the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday
 signaling a shift
"new york (reuters) - jpmorgan chase & co has been lambasted by democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate minority leader harry reid and 10 other senate democrats on wednesday called for significant changes to a republican-crafted bill in the house of representatives aimed at helping puerto rico overcome its debt crisis. “senate democrats are united in our belief that any legislation to solve this crisis must include an effective restructuring process that allows puerto rico to adjust all of its debt
"washington (reuters) - the white house is concerned that proposed legislation in congress to address puerto rico’s debt crisis will not give the u.s. commonwealth sufficient authority
"washington (reuters) - house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on wednesday that he has raised $17.2 million in congressional campaign contributions during the first three months of 2016 through a network of political action committees organized to help house republicans in the november election. the announcement came a day after ryan strongly rejected any notion that he could become this year’s republican presidential nominee. it underscored his role in helping fellow republicans as he works to win agreement on a budget resolution and to shape his caucus into an effective mouthpiece for republican social and fiscal policy. the first-quarter fundraising allowed the wisconsin congressman to transfer $11 million to the national republican congressional committee during the period
"new york (reuters) - democratic front-runner hillary clinton on wednesday will propose the creation of a new national office of immigrant affairs should she win the white house in november
 campaign says"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on tuesday he would reject any attempt to draft him as a republican presidential candidate
"washington (reuters) - leading republicans on tuesday outlined a plan to help puerto rico shed crippling debt and accused investor-allied groups of misleading lawmakers about the proposal. the rescue would steer creditors and holders of puerto rico bonds toward a new
"washington (reuters) - merrick garland
"(reuters) - u.s. lawmakers on tuesday approved a bill to provide financial incentives to companies developing treatments for the zika virus
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama is expected to sign a bill to provide financial incentives to companies developing treatments for the zika virus
 nyc mayor assailed for racially charged joke"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on tuesday he applauded a new house bill to help puerto rico deal with its $70 billion in debt. “i applaud rep. duffy for introducing h.r. 4900
"chicago (reuters) - the head of the chicago public schools (cps) said on tuesday that illinois governor bruce rauner’s fiscal 2017 school funding budget would hurt the financially ailing district. projected per-district funding levels released by the illinois state board of education on tuesday indicate cps would receive nearly $893 million in the fiscal year that begins july 1
 sanders tied in support among democrats: poll"
 commodities regulators press u.s. congress for more funds"
"los angeles (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry defended a 12-nation pacific trade agreement on tuesday against what he suggested was fear-mongering by the leading u.s. presidential candidates. without mentioning trump by name
 but close; obama comments hint at support for clinton"
"mexico city (reuters) - donald trump’s proposal to force mexico to pay for his planned border wall by threatening to block remittances from illegal immigrants would be a major violation of mexicans’ rights
 economic challenges: white house"
 in letter
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan will make a statement to the media on tuesday ruling himself out as a potential 2016 presidential candidate
 garland reprise 1990s judicial confirmation fight"
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump lashed out at what he called the party’s “rigged” delegate selection rules on monday after rival ted cruz swept all of colorado’s 34 delegates over the weekend. the new york billionaire
"washington (reuters) - police arrested more than 400 protesters outside the u.s. capitol on monday from democracy spring
"new york (reuters) - defying opinion polls and expert predictions
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate committee will soon consider legislation on the country’s commodities and derivatives regulator that is intended to keep financial-sector restrictions in the dodd-frank wall street reform law from applying to farmers and ranchers because their derivatives trading helps them manage operational risks. on thursday
"new york (reuters) - new york city will implement a raft of reforms to combat its high level of homelessness
 fed's yellen discussed economic risks in white house meeting"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general loretta lynch announced on monday that bill baer will serve as acting associate attorney general
"chicago (reuters) - the chicago city council’s finance committee on monday approved payments totaling $6.45 million to settle cases involving two  black men who died while in police custody. the settlements come as the third-biggest u.s. city’s police department faces a federal investigation and racism accusations over the death of black teenager laquan mcdonald. chicago mayor rahm emanuel fired his police commissioner in 2015 after protests following the release of a video showing a chicago police officer shooting 17-year-old mcdonald 16 times. under the settlements
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama is happy with the job done by  federal reserve chair janet yellen
"washington (reuters) - presidential candidate donald trump says two of his children feel guilty about missing a voter registration deadline
 prepares to take on clinton in new york"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton never jeopardized national security in the handling of her emails as his secretary of state. obama
"london (reuters) - planned changes that president barack obama says are aimed at ensuring american companies do not avoid tax by shifting their headquarters overseas could also force foreign companies to adopt more conservative u.s. tax-planning strategies. one of the measures restricts the ability of u.s. subsidiaries of foreign companies to deduct the interest they pay on loans from their parent firms from their taxable income. it aims to stop a redomiciled american firm from reducing its u.s. tax bill by piling inter-group debt on its u.s. operations
"washington (reuters) - democratic front-runner hillary clinton on sunday dismissed the notion of a contested nominating convention and said she was not preparing for such a scenario
"(reuters) - headlines screaming “deportations to begin” and “markets sink as trade war looms” top a parody newspaper front page the boston globe posted on saturday
"(reuters) - former u.s. house speaker dennis hastert’s lawyers declined on saturday to directly address sexual abuse allegations from federal prosecutors
 alleging misconduct "
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders will  speak at an event in the vatican next week
"(reuters) - a third of republican voters who support donald trump could turn their backs on their party in november’s presidential election if he is denied the nomination in a contested convention
"(reuters) - former u.s. house speaker dennis hastert
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama is maintaining pressure on the senate to approve his supreme court nominee
 cruz doing democrats a 'favor'"
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon will need to buy up to 18 more russian-built rd-180 engines to power rockets carrying u.s. military satellites into space over the next six years or so
100 pages of benghazi records: house panel chairman"
"(reuters) - a colorado lawmaker is trying to outlaw marijuana-laced gummy candies that resemble children’s treats
"aboard air force one (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will convene a meeting of his national security council next week at the central intelligence agency headquarters to review the fight against islamic state militants
"(reuters) - celebrity real estate developer donald trump has extended his lead nationally over senator ted cruz of texas and ohio governor john kasich for the republican presidential nomination
"atlantic city (reuters) - a new jersey judge on friday rejected a bid by governor chris christie’s administration to freeze spending by cash-strapped atlantic city
"washington (reuters) - security researchers and civil liberties advocates on friday condemned draft legislation leaked from the u.s. senate that would let judges order technology companies to assist law enforcement agencies in breaking into encrypted data. the long-awaited bill is emerging just as the u.s. justice department redoubles its efforts to use the courts to force apple to help unlock encrypted iphones. the senate proposal is an attempt to resolve long-standing disagreements between the technology community
"vatican city/washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders was invited to speak at an april 15 vatican event by the vatican
"new york (reuters) - former president bill clinton on thursday faced down protesters angry at the impact his 1994 crime reforms have had on black americans and defended the record of his wife
 'big fan of pope
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s new top political strategist predicted on friday the republican presidential front-runner would amass the 1
"new york (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate hillary clinton said in a speech to a pro-israel lobby group in washington on monday iran still posed a threat to israel and needed to be closely watched. speaking to the annual policy conference of the american israel public affairs committee
 media buyers see tight market "
 republicans urge trump to soften tone"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator ted cruz of texas is getting a taste of the “new york values” he derided in iowa as republicans turn to the next big u.s. presidential contest in the home state of front-runner donald trump. the new york billionaire lost the wisconsin republican primary on tuesday to cruz and is seeking to rebound in new york on april 19. he won the backing on thursday of former new york mayor rudy giuliani
"(reuters) - bill clinton faced down protesters for 10 minutes at a presidential campaign rally in philadelphia for his wife
"chicago (reuters) - president barack obama on thursday defended his pick of a white man to fill a u.s. supreme court vacancy against criticism he could have chosen someone from a more diverse background
 under fire on many fronts
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate banking committee on thursday had to postpone its vote to confirm the two nominees to join the securities and exchange commission
"(reuters) - vanguard group chief executive bill mcnabb said on thursday he was encouraged by the u.s. department of labor’s steps to make new rules on the advice brokers provide on retirement savings “more workable.” “we are encouraged that the dol has taken important steps to establish meaningful protections for retirement investors while making the final rule more workable
"(reuters) - south carolina lawmakers have introduced a measure that would require transgender people to use public bathrooms matching their sex at birth
"(reuters) - pennsylvania governor tom wolf signed two anti-discrimination executive orders on thursday aimed at safeguarding rights of transgender people
"new york (reuters) - a jamaican fashion model who alleges that republican presidential front-runner donald trump’s modeling agency defrauded her of $225
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senator on thursday introduced legislation calling for airlines and aircraft manufacturers to disclose cyber security incidents to federal authorities
"aboard air force one (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that the best way for the government to fight tax avoidance would be for congress to take action after the u.s. treasury department issued major new rules on tax inversions on monday. “i know that if they are working on any future actions the most impactful thing we could do is if congress took some action here
"washington (reuters) - senators elizabeth warren and sherrod brown on thursday urged the u.s. treasury to investigate whether any u.s. or u.s.-linked entity was involved with the law firm at the heart of the “panama papers” leak on offshore wealth.  “as the primary agency charged with protecting the integrity of the u.s. financial system and enforcing our laws against money laundering and terrorist financing
"(reuters) - planned parenthood of indiana and kentucky on thursday filed a lawsuit against the state of indiana
 jordan
 qatar"
"new york (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate ted cruz’s support among republicans is about even at a national level with party front-runner donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted on thursday to bolster travel security in the wake of the brussels attacks with measures that include doubling the number of transportation security teams with bomb-sniffing dogs at domestic airports and other transit hubs. lawmakers voted overwhelmingly to add security measures to a separate bill that calls for renewing the programs of the federal aviation administration through september 2017. the faa bill is expected to come up for a final vote later this month.    after republicans and democrats reached a deal on security measures earlier in the day
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump has canceled a planned news conference in california on friday to keep campaigning in new york
"washington (reuters) - donald trump says the federal reserve has stoked asset bubbles and backs a congressional review of its decisions. bernie sanders also wants to “audit” the fed to make it less beholden to wall street. ted cruz calls for a return to a gold standard abandoned in 1933. such voices from the 2016 presidential campaign have emboldened lawmakers who seek to limit the fed’s powers and are prompting some current and former fed officials to call for steps to placate the u.s. central bank’s harshest critics.  more than a dozen insiders and fed watchers said in interviews they were concerned that the next president could be more sympathetic to critics’ views that the fed has grown too powerful and impenetrable. confronted with a possible republican push to give congress more say in shaping fed policy
"(reuters) - three of the five candidates running for u.s. president - donald trump
"sacramento
"washington (reuters) - the white house is declining to offer public support for draft legislation that would empower judges to require technology companies such as apple inc to help law enforcement crack encrypted data
"san juan (reuters) - puerto rico’s governor on wednesday signed an emergency bill allowing the government to halt payments on its debt
"chicago (reuters) - lawyers for former u.s. house speaker dennis hastert
"washington/new york (reuters) - donald trump’s republican rivals were invigorated on wednesday by the front-runner’s loss in the wisconsin primary and moved quickly to bolster efforts to block the new york billionaire from capturing the party’s presidential nomination. ted cruz’s emphatic victory in wisconsin on tuesday night dealt momentum to his once long-shot bid to force a contested convention in july by blocking trump from amassing enough delegates to secure the nomination.  the u.s. senator from texas made the case he is increasingly viewed as the main trump alternative by republicans who cannot bring themselves to support trump as their nominee for the nov. 8 election. allies of ohio governor john kasich
"(reuters) - the tennessee house passed a bill on wednesday allowing mental health counselors to refuse service to patients on religious grounds
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate ted cruz often tells supporters about his supreme court win against the federal government in 2008
"washington - donald trump proposed on tuesday forcing mexico to pay for his planned border wall by threatening to block remittances from illegal immigrants
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on tuesday urged congress to take action to stop u.s. companies from taking advantage of tax loopholes that allow them to avoid paying taxes. “when companies exploit loopholes like this... it sticks the rest of us with the tab and it makes hard-working americans feel like the deck is stacked against them
"(reuters) - alabama governor robert bentley will face a legislative effort seeking his impeachment
 responding to industry"
"washington (reuters) - two republican u.s. senators who oppose the nuclear agreement with iran introduced a bill on wednesday that would keep iran from gaining even indirect access to the u.s. financial system or using u.s. dollars in business transactions. the measure introduced by senators mark kirk and marco rubio came amid media reports that u.s. officials were moving toward allowing such transactions. president barack obama has denied having such plans. the legislation would prohibit the president from issuing any license for conducting an offshore u.s. dollar clearing system for iranian transactions or providing any such system with u.s. dollars. it also would impose secondary sanctions on any financial institution found to be participating in any offshore dollar clearing system with iran. state department spokesman mark toner acknowledged the united states was advising banks and other businesses about how to conduct business with tehran without running afoul of u.s. authorities
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on wednesday it will redirect $589 million in funds to prepare for the zika virus before the mosquito that carries it begins to emerge in the continental united states
"(reuters) - the u.s. department of labor plans to announce on wednesday its rule requiring financial advisers and brokers to act in the best interest of retirement clients when providing investment advice.   the agency first proposed a new rule in 2010 but withdrew it in 2011 after widespread criticism from financial industry officials and lawmakers. a modified version was presented in 2015 and also met with criticism. here are some key provisions of the final rule
 is reviewing new rule"
 retiree gains from fiduciary rule"
"washington (reuters) - the sole republican member of the u.s. securities and exchange commission
 allergan deal"
 citing hostile climate"
 says party will unite"
"san juan (reuters) - bondholders with nearly a third of puerto rico’s $17 billion outstanding general obligation bonds on tuesday unveiled a proposal for a debt restructuring they claim would help the island avoid outright default. burdened by an overall $70 billion debt load that the government says it cannot pay and a 45 percent poverty rate that has led to a steady exodus of its american citizens back to the mainland
"washington (reuters) - a moderate republican senator heaped praise on president barack obama’s u.s. supreme court nominee on tuesday
 creditors trade barbs over debt freeze bill"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said he spoke with defense secretary ash carter on tuesday about how the pentagon should be organized to meet global threats
"washington (reuters) - senate judiciary committee chairman chuck grassley has invited judge merrick garland to breakfast
"detroit (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump said the move by ford motor co (f.n) to build a manufacturing plant in mexico “is an absolute disgrace” and shows the need to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement (nafta). earlier on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - the ethics committee of the u.s. house of representatives said on tuesday it would continue to investigate possible conflicts of interest by representative alan grayson
 more nimble u.s. military structure"
"new york (reuters) - a onetime business partner of former u.s. representative michael grimm is preparing to plead guilty to a tax charge in a case related to the prosecution that led to the congressman’s imprisonment
"chicago (reuters) - illinois’ overall financial condition deteriorated in fiscal 2015 as tax collections fell
 after inversions move"
"milwaukee (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump tried to put a difficult week behind him and rally his supporters on monday ahead of a crucial nominating contest in wisconsin
"phoenix (reuters) - the u.s. department of justice has launched an investigation into the handling of last month’s presidential nominating contest in arizona’s most populous county
 a son-in-law who is also an adviser"
 sanders agree to a april 14 debate: cnn"
"washington/new york (reuters) - the u.s. senate on monday approved legislation to give companies greater legal protections for their commercial secrets and allow them for the first time to sue in federal court if they are stolen. the defend trade secrets act passed 87-0
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. government will pay u.s. health insurers who provide medicare advantage plans to elderly and disabled americans about 0.85 percent more on average in 2017 than in 2016
"washington (reuters) - overlooked in all the speculation about running for president
"(reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie’s administration sued cash-strapped gambling hub atlantic city on monday
"richmond
"san juan (reuters) - creditors of puerto rico’s government development bank on monday sued to stop it from distributing money to creditors in what they call “preferential transfers” ahead of the gdb’s may 1 debt payment that puerto rico’s governor says may not be payable. hedge funds including brigade capital management and claren road asset management
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on monday it “strongly supports” the senate trade secrets bill that gives companies greater legal protections and allows them for the first time to sue in federal court if secrets are stolen.    protection of trade secrets “promotes innovation that is the engine of the nation’s economy and minimizes threats to american businesses
"chicago (reuters) - cash-strapped illinois needs $43 billion over 10 years to repair and improve its transportation network and boost the state economy
"new york (reuters) - new york governor andrew cuomo on monday signed into law a minimum wage increase that takes a two-tier approach
 sanders promise to include latinos in cabinet"
"new york (reuters) - last august
"washington (reuters) - donald trump’s prediction that the u.s. economy was on the verge of a “very massive recession” hit a wall of skepticism on sunday from economists who questioned the republican presidential front-runner’s calculations.   in an interview with the washington post published on saturday
"(reuters) - calling him “the best hope for investors who want a republican in the white house
 sanders audition for role as anti-trump candidate"
"milwaukee (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump predicted that the united states is on course for a “very massive recession
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican party chairman reince priebus said on sunday that donald trump is making it harder for himself to win the republican presidential nomination by threatening to run as an independent if he is not treated fairly. in several television interviews
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department has suspended plans for an internal review of whether classified information was properly handled in former secretary of state hillary clinton’s emails at the request of the fbi
"madrid (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will not visit spain until its parties manage to form a government and end over 100 days of political deadlock
 world"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on friday there is no doubt that civilians have been killed in u.s. drone strikes targeting suspected terrorists
"new york (reuters) - a former new york deputy secretary of state was arraigned on friday after being indicted this week on charges that he lied about paying restitution after being convicted in 2007 of defrauding the state
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton on friday will propose a $10 billion investment in partnerships to encourage the growth of the u.s. manufacturing sector as part of a national push to discourage outsourcing in the industry. the proposal would work with a broader campaign to encourage companies to build and expand their u.s. manufacturing operations. clinton is slated to roll out the proposal on friday in syracuse
"new york (reuters) - the probability that republican front-runner donald trump will win his party’s presidential nomination dropped sharply in the past week while the likelihood of a brokered convention to potentially choose another candidate rose
"louisville
"washington/new york (reuters) - the obama administration will release a long-awaited proposal on retirement advice on wednesday
"(reuters) - a mississippi measure that would allow people with religious objections to deny wedding services to same-sex couples and provide wide protections for actions decried as discriminatory by gay rights advocates passed the state legislature on friday. opponents plan a last-ditch attempt to stop the legislation on monday before it heads to mississippi republican governor phil bryant
"washington (reuters) - wall street investment banks must take losses amid efforts to fix puerto rico’s debt crisis
"albany
"new york (reuters) - new york state’s governor andrew cuomo and legislative leaders announced late on thursday an agreement on a 2016-17 state budget that includes a plan to increase minimum wage toward $15  per hour and introduce paid family leave. “i believe that this is the best plan the state has produced in decades
"washington (reuters) - senator elizabeth warren
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump made a surprise closed-door visit to the republican national committee on thursday after a tumultuous two days on the campaign trail that included a reversal of his pledge to support the party’s nominee. trump
" austin
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican lawmakers voiced deep concern on thursday about reports that the obama administration might allow iran to use the dollar in some business transactions
"sacramento
"new york (reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder has met with wall street credit rating agencies this week
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump took a detour from the campaign trail on thursday and held an unexpected meeting in washington with reince priebus
washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump on thursday held an unexpected meeting with republican national committee chairman reince priebus. “just had a very nice meeting with @reince priebus and the @gop. looking forward to bringing the party together —- and it will happen!” trump wrote on twitter.  the meeting at party headquarters in washington came on the heels of months of tension between trump and the party he seeks to represent in the nov. 8 election. trump on tuesday abandoned a pledge to support the party’s eventual nominee.  
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump said on wednesday that women who end pregnancies should face punishment if the united states bans abortion
"washington (reuters) - just as fears of nuclear terrorism are rising
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon plans to transfer about a dozen inmates of the guantanamo military prison to at least two countries that have agreed to take them
"san francisco (reuters) - u.s. senator ron wyden pledged on wednesday to fight legislation expected shortly in congress that would limit encryption protection in american technology products. the proposal by senators richard burr and dianne feinstein
 ukraine's poroshenko to meet thursday: white house"
"washington (reuters) - only six more nations need to ratify an amendment to a nuclear security convention that would make it legally binding for countries to tighten protection of nuclear facilities and materials
 france's hollande to meet in washington on thursday: white house"
"sacramento
 iran missiles and nuclear pact"
 not women should face punishment"
"new york (reuters) - connecticut’s governor signed on wednesday legislation to close a $220 million budget gap by the end of the fiscal year on june 30
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will have the chance to decide on whether to increase the number of u.s. forces in iraq in the “coming weeks
"(reuters) - nearly two-thirds of americans believe torture can be justified to extract information from suspected terrorists
"washington (reuters) - the draft bill introduced in the u.s. congress on tuesday to steer puerto rico through its economic crisis represents a constructive
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump said on wednesday that women should face punishment if they receive abortions if the procedure is made illegal. “there has to be some form of punishment
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on wednesday appeared likely to rule that property owners can challenge the federal government in court over the need for permits under a national water protection law in a case involving a company’s plans for a minnesota peat mine. the court heard a one-hour argument in a case balancing property rights and environmental law
 south korea with nuclear weapons is destabilizing: white house"
"(reuters) - virginia governor terry mcauliffe on wednesday vetoed a bill that would have allowed ministers and others refuse to marry gay couples because of their religious beliefs. mcauliffe
"washington (reuters) - overuse of harsh sanctions like those deployed against iran to limit its nuclear program risks driving business activity from the united states and a move away from the dollar as the world’s reserve currency
 splits 4-4 without scalia"
"(reuters) - donald trump’s presidential campaign manager was arrested and charged with misdemeanor battery in florida on tuesday in an incident involving a reporter
"washington (reuters) - republican front-runner donald trump on tuesday abandoned a pledge to support a party presidential nominee other than himself
"(reuters) - republican donald trump’s 2016 u.s. presidential candidacy has put the spotlight on the party’s selection process
"washington/san juan (reuters) - a u.s. congressional draft bill to steer puerto rico through its economic crisis was released on tuesday with elements of u.s. bankruptcy law opposed by creditors who want to keep the island’s debt talks out of court. the draft
"new york (reuters) - a second federal judge has taken the rare step of allowing a group suing for records from hillary clinton’s time as u.s. secretary of state to seek sworn testimony from officials
 not to be used 'frivolously': treasury's lew"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate ted cruz won the backing on tuesday of wisconsin governor scott walker
 pennsylvania to sell sewer utility for $195 million"
"washington (reuters) - senator mark kirk of illinois on tuesday accused many of his fellow senate republicans of being “closed-minded” by refusing to consider president barack obama’s nomination of merrick garland to serve on the u.s. supreme court. kirk
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama’s fiscal 2017 budget would produce $6.9 trillion in deficits over the next decade if enacted
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner vowed to pursue a legal challenge against union dues the state collects from non-unionized
"new york (reuters) - hedge funds may have taken too big a bite of apple inc (aapl.o).  shares of the iphone maker are one of the biggest bets among hedge funds
"washington (reuters) - american spy chiefs have told congressmen that a plan to allow the national security agency (nsa) to share more raw eavesdropping reports with other agencies will not be unlawful and will protect the privacy rights of u.s. citizens. in a letter sent on monday to two members of congress and reviewed by reuters
"sacramento (reuters) - california governor jerry brown announced a deal with legislative and labor leaders on monday to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour by 2023
"washington - democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton rebuked senate republicans on monday for denying a hearing to u.s. supreme court nominee merrick garland
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday asked both sides for new information in a challenge by christian nonprofit employers to a mandate under president barack obama’s healthcare law to provide insurance to female workers covering birth control
"washington (reuters) - harsh rhetoric about muslims by republican candidates in the u.s. presidential election campaign is undermining national security efforts
"(reuters) - virginia governor terry mcauliffe on tuesday vetoed a republican-backed bill aimed at blocking state funding for planned parenthood
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on monday laid some of the blame for the tone of the presidential campaign on political journalism that has been pinched by shrinking newsroom budgets and cheapened by a focus on retweets and likes on social media. in a speech to a journalism awards dinner
"(reuters) - a group of lawmakers is calling on the national institutes of health and department of health and human services to step in and reduce the cost of medivation inc’s and astellas pharma inc’s prostate cancer drug xtandi. in the letter signed by democratic u.s. presidential candidate bernie sanders and reps. lloyd doggett (d-texas) and peter welch (d-vt.)
"winston-salem
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama met on monday with a team of national security advisers to discuss u.s. efforts to combat islamic state following last week’s attacks on brussels
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. secret service will not allow people to carry guns into the july republican national convention in cleveland
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday rejected flamboyant former two-term democratic illinois governor rod blagojevich’s appeal of convictions on corruption charges including attempted extortion from campaign contributors
 ohio
"atlanta (reuters) - georgia governor nathan deal said on monday he will veto a so-called religious freedom bill passed by the state legislature that has drawn national criticism for discriminating against same-sex couples. the measure
 asia nuclear weapons ahead of washington summit"
"washington (reuters) - fresh from democratic presidential primary wins over the weekend in three u.s. states
"mexico city (reuters) - mexicans celebrating an easter ritual late on saturday burnt effigies of u.s. republican presidential hopeful donald trump
 washington
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump told the new york times he would consider stopping u.s. oil purchases from saudi arabia unless the saudi government provide troops to fight islamic state. trump’s comment on friday was included in a lengthy foreign policy interview published by the newspaper on saturday and came in response to a question about whether
 billionaire unfazed"
 trump spar over tabloid charges of affair"
 cruz calls trump a 'sniveling coward'"
 audit the fed. what a president cruz would do"
"washington (reuters) - joe biden on thursday ramped up white house efforts to get a senate confirmation hearing for supreme court selection merrick garland
 lower individual tax rate. what a president kasich would do"
 reform tax code. what a president clinton would do"
 end free-trade agreements. what a president sanders would do"
"new york (reuters) - soon after hillary clinton’s arrival at the state department in 2009
"louisville
"albany
"tokyo/washington (reuters) - south carolina governor nikki haley has written to u.s. energy secretary ernest moniz demanding a shipment of weapons-grade plutonium en route to her state from japan be turned back or sent elsewhere
"washington (reuters) - shortly after last november’s attacks on paris by a brussels-based islamic state cell
 germany eye ways to deepen cyber collaboration"
"winston-salem
 spark trade wars with china
"moscow (reuters) - donald trump is a brave pro-putin political maverick who would end u.s. foreign wars and perhaps lift sanctions on moscow. hillary clinton
" (this story corrects date of election to nov. 8 from nov. 3 in eighth paragraph) by alana wise washington (reuters) - a federal judge on wednesday dismissed a lawsuit against republican presidential front-runner donald trump’s modeling agency
"buenos aires (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on wednesday championed argentina’s new center-right leader mauricio macri as an example for other countries in latin america
"sacramento
"phoenix (reuters) - phoenix’s mayor on wednesday urged a federal probe into the local county’s handling of voting in arizona’s presidential nominating contest
"(reuters) - democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton said on wednesday the attack in brussels that killed more than 30 people is the “latest brutal reminder” that more must be done to defeat islamic state militants
 cruz trade barbs over wives in presidential race"
"buenos aires (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on wednesday he did not expect a breakthrough on middle east peace before he leaves office and reiterated his support for a two-state solution in which israelis and palestinians could live peacefully side by side.  speaking to students and teachers in argentina
"washington (reuters) - the supreme court on wednesday headed toward a possible 4-4 split over a legal challenge by christian nonprofit employers who object to providing female workers insurance covering birth control as required by president barack obama’s healthcare law. an evenly split ruling
"washington (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate ted cruz won the backing of former rival jeb bush on wednesday as prominent republicans overcome their aversion to the conservative senator to try to force a standoff with insurgent donald trump at their party’s convention in july. the endorsement by bush
"washington (reuters) - the house of representatives ethics committee said on wednesday it had opened an investigation into democratic congresswoman corrine brown of florida. the committee said in a news release that it voted on march 16 to establish an investigative subcommittee to look into allegations brown improperly solicited charitable donations
 univision
"albany
 ending long stalemate"
"(reuters) - the department of labor on wednesday released a long-awaited rule requiring companies to disclose when they seek advice about countering union campaigns
 argentina's macri discuss brazil's political crisis"
 ""mature"" relationship with the u.s."
"washington (reuters) - a democratic and a republican congressmen have asked the national security agency to halt a reported plan to share more raw intelligence data with other federal agencies
 clinton win big in arizona
"london (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump said muslims were not helping to prevent attacks such as those that killed at least 30 people in belgium
"london (reuters) - britain’s interior minister said u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump was “just plain wrong” to say that muslims in britain were failing to report suspicious activity by extremists. “i understand he said that muslims were not coming forward in the united kingdom to report matters of concern. this is absolutely not the case - he is just plain wrong
"washington(reuters) - former candidate jeb bush endorsed ted cruz for the republican presidential nomination on wednesday
 trump's 2016 bid has echoes of reality tv"
"(reuters) - two republicans on the federal communications commission told a congressional panel tuesday the partisan divide at the nation’s telecommunications regulatory body is growing.  fcc commissioner ajit pai
"(reuters) - a proposal to raise california’s minimum wage to $15 an hour by the year 2021 has qualified to be listed on the upcoming november ballot in the state
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s supreme court selection merrick garland on tuesday resumed meetings with senators in a push to convince republicans who have vowed to block the nomination to reverse course and hold confirmation hearings this year. “it’s crystal clear after talking to him that judge garland has both a brilliant legal mind and a heart of gold
"havana (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama challenged cuba’s communist government with an impassioned call for democracy and economic reforms on tuesday
"albany
"havana (reuters) - lucila morales stared in amazement at the flickering image of u.s. president barack obama on her old tv set on tuesday
"havana (reuters) - colombia’s leftist farc rebel leader and u.s. president barack obama attended the same baseball game in cuba on tuesday
"jerusalem (reuters) - “i love the people in this room. i love israel. i love israel
"(reuters) - from the basement to the third floor of democratic party headquarters in washington
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump said on tuesday the united states should use waterboarding and other harsh interrogation techniques when questioning terror suspects
"washington (reuters) - baltimore community organizer perry hopkins
"havana (reuters) - president barack obama on tuesday called for nations around the world to unite to defeat terrorism
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on tuesday urged international cooperation in reacting to a series of attacks in brussels that have left 34 people dead and many injured. “as our countries have always done
"washington (reuters) - one of the commissioners on the federal trade commission
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan said on tuesday that he does not agree with critics of republican presidential frontrunner donald trump who have labeled trump authoritarian or fascist. “i don’t see it that way
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on tuesday condemned president barack obama’s visit to cuba
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate ted cruz on tuesday attacked the party’s front-runner
 allies' resolve against terror: clinton"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate ted cruz on tuesday called the blasts in belgium “the latest in a string of coordinated attacks by radical islamic terrorists
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate john kasich on tuesday said united states and its allies must strengthen their efforts to build their alliance and work together to stop acts of terror
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump
"albany
"(reuters) - u.s. prosecutors said monday that a “third party” had presented a possible method for opening an encrypted iphone used by one of the san bernardino shooters
"havana (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama pushed cuba to improve human rights during his historic visit to the communist-led island on monday
"washington (reuters) - puerto rico will ask the u.s. supreme court on tuesday to validate a law that could let it cut billions of dollars from what it owes in debt at some public agencies
"washington (reuters) - a small group of republican lawmakers will join president barack obama’s historic trip to cuba on sunday
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump vowed on monday to pursue a strong u.s. alliance with israel if elected president in november and said he would resist any attempt by the united nations to impose its will on the jewish state. in a speech to the american israel public affairs committee
"havana (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry was encouraged by progress in the colombian peace process after meeting on monday in havana with representatives of colombia’s marxist farc guerrilla group and the bogota government
 draws fire from clinton"
"new york (reuters) - jeffrey gundlach
"washington (reuters) - presidential candidate john kasich called on monday for “active steps” to strengthen ties between the u.s. and israel
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump on monday warned republicans against backing a third-party candidate should he win the party’s nomination
"washington (reuters) - a bipartisan group of u.s. senators has begun circulating long-awaited draft legislation that would give federal judges clear authority to order technology companies like apple to help law enforcement officials access encrypted data
"washington (reuters) - the united states should significantly cut spending on the north atlantic treaty organization
"(reuters) - regular tourism to cuba by u.s. citizens could happen “very soon
"havana (reuters) - cuba has political prisoners and the u.s. government has shared lists of them with the cuban government
"des moines
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on monday that the obama administration “strongly opposes” passage by the house of representatives a bill on mergers and acquisitions
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said the united states should decrease the amount it spends on the north atlantic treaty organization. “we are paying disproportionately. it’s too much and frankly it’s a different world than it was when we originally conceived of the idea
"washington (reuters) - supreme court justices on monday signaled they are likely to leave in place a lower-court’s ruling that virginia’s republican-led legislature unlawfully considered race when drawing u.s. congressional districts by packing black voters into one of them. the court heard oral arguments in the case at a time when democrats are accusing republicans in various states of taking actions to reduce the influence of black
"washington (reuters) - u.s. climate envoy todd stern
 secret service probe letter sent to trump's sister: nbc"
' donors say"
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin on monday commented on u.s. president barack obama’s historic visit to cuba
 cruz courts new donors"
"havana (reuters) - president barack obama arrived to small but cheering crowds on sunday at the start of a historic visit to cuba that opened a new chapter in u.s. engagement with the island’s communist government after decades of hostility between the former cold war foes. the three-day trip
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders outraised rival hillary clinton in february but spent at a faster pace
"havana (reuters) - cuban police backed by hundreds of shouting pro-government demonstrators broke up a march by the dissident group ladies in white on sunday
"havana/bogota (reuters) - members of colombia’s marxist farc guerrillas will meet u.s. secretary of state john kerry in cuba
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said that “professional agitators” bore much of the blame for violence at his rallies as video showed a protester being beaten and another apparently being grabbed by trump’s campaign manager. speaking on abc’s “this week” on sunday
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton raised $30.1 million in february
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on sunday ruled out senate confirmation of democratic president barack obama’s supreme court nominee this year
"(reuters) - demonstrators briefly shut down an arizona highway leading to a campaign rally for donald trump on saturday while protesters rallied outside of trump tower in manhattan to voice their opposition to the front-runner for the republican presidential nomination. television news footage of the demonstration outside phoenix showed dozens of protesters blocking traffic while holding signs that read “dump trump” and “shut down trump.”  the demonstrators eventually started marching down the highway. later
"havana (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama tried out his comedic chops with some spanish in a video he made with cuban humorist pánfilo ahead of a historic visit to havana. obama
"washington (reuters) - christian groups asking the u.s. supreme court to exempt them from the requirement to provide insurance covering contraception under president barack obama’s healthcare law face an uphill battle following justice antonin scalia’s death last month. the remaining eight justices will consider seven related cases on whether nonprofit groups that oppose the requirement on religious grounds can object under a u.s. law called the religious freedom restoration act to a compromise version of the requirement offered by the obama administration. among those mounting objections are the little sisters of the poor
"tokyo (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate donald trump’s portrayal of japan as a free-rider on security is stirring worries in tokyo about damage to its u.s. alliance
"(reuters) - the director of democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton’s asian american and pacific islander outreach efforts is leaving the campaign for a position with the colorado democrats
"washington (reuters) - as the senate began a two-week recess on friday
"washington (reuters) - fox news on friday issued a harsh condemnation to donald trump in defense of one of the network’s most popular reporters
 little else
"washington (reuters) - the list of people
"havana (reuters) - the mansion in havana where u.s. president barack obama and his family will spend two nights has survived war
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders
"new york (reuters) - authorities were investigating a threatening letter containing a granular substance that was sent to donald trump’s son urging an end to the elder’s presidential campaign
"(reuters) - mark strang spends his days delivering farm equipment
"buenos aires (reuters) - celeste perosino was investigating possible crimes committed by argentina’s central bank during the “dirty war” military dictatorship decades ago before her team was disbanded by the new conservative president mauricio macri. days ahead of president barack obama’s arrival in argentina for a rare visit by a u.s. leader
 cut education department. what a president trump would do"
"washington (reuters) - former republican presidential candidate mitt romney on friday announced he will vote for senator ted cruz of texas in utah’s tuesday nominating contest
"(reuters) - a daughter of an illinois state representative has been charged with participating in an attack on one of her mother’s  political rivals that included using a staple gun on the victim’s forehead
"new york (reuters) - former connecticut governor john rowland on friday urged a federal appeals court to overturn his conviction on charges that the republican tried to use sham contracts to hide his political work in two u.s. congressional campaigns
"washington (reuters) - republican senators on thursday raised the possibility they would confirm barack obama’s supreme court nominee merrick garland before the u.s. president leaves office in january if democrats retain the white house in the nov. 8 election. garland began the customary meetings with senators that kick off the confirmation process. he visited the offices of democrats harry reid and patrick leahy a day after obama nominated the appeals court judge and former prosecutor to replace conservative justice antonin scalia
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will name the first woman to head a u.s. combatant command
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will host the leaders of denmark
"new york (reuters) - ted cruz
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton has won the missouri primary
"new york (reuters) - some rabbis and jewish students are planning protests against donald trump’s speech on monday at a conference of the pro-israel lobby group aipac over what they say are his belittling comments about muslims and other groups. about 18
"(reuters) - former u.s. vice presidential nominee sarah palin said on thursday that her husband
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama did not specify a candidate preference in the race for the democratic presidential nomination at a democratic national committee fundraising event
"washington (reuters) - house speaker paul ryan said on thursday it is increasingly likely that the republican party’s presidential nominating convention will be a contested one this summer. if no candidate can assemble 1
"washington (reuters) - former republican presidential candidate senator lindsey graham threw his support behind senator ted cruz in the race for his party’s presidential nomination on thursday
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. republican presidential candidate marco rubio said on thursday he would not be anybody’s running-mate in the nov. 8 presidential election
"washington (reuters) - senate judiciary committee chairman charles grassley’s staff has indicated the senator is willing to meet with supreme court nominee merrick garland after a two-week senate recess
"(reuters) - five north carolina sheriff’s deputies have been disciplined over their behavior at a rally for republican u.s. presidential candidate donald trump where a white supporter sucker punched a black protester
"(reuters) - a sales consultant told brazilian prosecutors he believes planemaker embraer sa’s top officials
 without citing trump
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin on thursday condemned a pre-election video in the united states promoting republican front-runner donald trump at hillary clinton’s expense
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan on thursday rejected a warning by donald trump of riots if the businessman does not win the republican presidential nomination for the nov. 8 election. asked about republican front-runner trump’s warning
"(reuters) - u.s. army sergeant bowe bergdahl had devised what he told a military investigator was a “fantastic plan” to leave his post so he could inform higher-ups about problems in the ranks
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate armed services committee chairman john mccain on thursday urged defense secretary ash carter to investigate what he called troubling remarks by a former senior united launch alliance executive about his company’s dealings with the pentagon. brett tobey resigned wednesday as vice president of engineering for ula
 house democratic leader says"
" (in march 16 item
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama selected merrick garland for the u.s. supreme court on wednesday
 garland viewed as friend of government regulators"
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration released $65.8 million on thursday to help communities that are struggling from the decline of the coal industry and bankruptcies of major producers of the fuel. the funds announced by the federal appalachian regional commission and the economic development administration will support projects that help coal-dependent communities in places like west virginia and kentucky diversify their economies
 but only slowly
"new york (reuters) - real estate billionaire donald trump’s coarse rhetoric has won him some fans
"sydney (reuters) - a senior australian government minister on thursday called donald trump’s campaign for the u.s. presidency “terrifying” and warned it risked casting the republican party into the wilderness if he wins nomination. australian government ministers rarely make critical comments about elections in other countries
 fox news cancels republican debate"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama plans to lay out his vision for u.s.-cuba relations in a major speech during next week’s historic visit to havana aimed at making his opening to america’s former cold war foe “irreversible
 protests and phone calls: selling the supreme court nominee"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama met with two northern ireland leaders and commended them on the progress being made towards peace
 pulls plug on republican presidential debate"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama imposed sweeping new sanctions on north korea on wednesday intended to further isolate the country’s leadership after recent actions by pyongyang that have been seen by washington and its allies as provocative. the executive order freezes any property of the north korean government in the united states and prohibits exportation of goods from the united states to north korea. it also allows the u.s. government to blacklist any individuals
"new york (reuters) - pennsylvania governor tom wolf
"washington (reuters) - as valedictorian of his high school class
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders will not rule out the possibility of requesting a recount in tuesday’s narrow missouri nominating contest
"chicago (reuters) - the two main antagonists in illinois’ budgetary stalemate signaled no imminent spending deal on wednesday
"(reuters) - like any republican candidate
"washington (reuters) - senate republican leader mitch mcconnell told president barack obama’s supreme court nominee merrick garland by phone on wednesday that republicans will not act on his nomination or meet with him
"new york (reuters) - the chances that the republican party will decide its nominee for the november presidential election through a brokered convention have increased since super tuesday even as front-runner donald trump has racked up primary wins
 kasich sees path to republican nomination"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry spoke to his russian counterpart on wednesday ahead of his upcoming trip to moscow
"washington (reuters) - south carolina governor nikki haley has thrown her backing behind senator ted cruz for the republican party’s presidential nomination
"miami (reuters) - u.s. senator marco rubio suspended his campaign for the republican presidential nomination on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate senator ted cruz on wednesday said the senate should not vote on president barack obama’s supreme court nominee merrick garland. “merrick garland is exactly the type of supreme court nominee you get when you make deals in washington d.c.
" washington (reuters) - a bipartisan bill designed to improve the health and safety of babies born to mothers who used heroin or other opioids during pregnancy was approved by a u.s. senate committee on wednesday.  the bill
"(reuters) - the u.s. senate on wednesday blocked a bill that would nullify state and local efforts to require food makers to label products made with genetically modified organisms
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama nominated veteran appellate court judge merrick garland to the supreme court on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama tapped appellate court judge merrick garland to fill an empty supreme court seat based solely on qualifications
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. air force contract to start replacing the aging fleet of jstars spy and battle management planes is expected to be awarded in the first quarter of fiscal 2018
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders on wednesday backed president barack obama’s supreme court pick and called on republican senate leaders to consider his nominee. sanders
"washington (reuters) - the white house reached out to the offices of every u.s. senator during the process of choosing a supreme court nominee but did not coordinate with the campaigns of democratic presidential hopefuls hillary clinton and bernie sanders
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate republican leader mitch mcconnell said on wednesday that president barack obama has politicized the supreme court nomination process by putting forward veteran appellate court judge merrick garland during a presidential election. “it seems clear that president obama made this nomination not with the intent of seeing the nominee confirmed
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton praised supreme court nominee judge merrick garland on wednesday and called on the republican majority u.s. senate to begin considering his confirmation immediately. “evaluating and confirming a justice to sit on this nation’s highest court should not be an exercise in political brinkmanship and partisan posturing
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate is under no obligation to consider president barack obama’s nomination of judge merrick garland to the u.s. supreme court
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will nominate veteran appeals court judge merrick garland to the u.s. supreme court on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will nominate u.s. appeals court judge merrick garland to the u.s. supreme court on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - republican front-runner donald trump said on wednesday he would not attend the next televised republican presidential debate scheduled for next monday. “i think we’ve had enough debates
 britain stops to germany trip: white house"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will announce his choice on wednesday to replace conservative justice antonin scalia on the supreme court
"washington/new york (reuters) - as donald trump inches closer to becoming the u.s. republican nominee
"(reuters) - voters in chicago have ousted embattled cook county state’s attorney anita alvarez
"miami (reuters) - marco rubio had all that you need in a republican presidential candidate: fluency on the issues
"lima (reuters) - u.s. secretary of agriculture tom vilsack said tuesday that farm officials want to lay the groundwork so american agricultural exporters can seize new opportunities in cuba if the trade embargo on the country is lifted. the normalization of trade relations would allow u.s. farmers to use lower transportation costs to edge in on the european union’s food exports to cuba
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential hopeful marco rubio said his staff was safe after his washington campaign headquarters was evacuated over a suspicious white powder. “glad campaign staff in dc is all safe! thanks to dc emergency personnel
" (this version of the story was corrected to change waurishuk statement to say “willing” not “happy” in paragraph 10) by mark hosenball and susan heavey washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump acknowledged on tuesday he does not yet have a foreign policy team
"st. petersburg
"washington (reuters) - the secret service
"(reuters) - democrats in the senate made a concerted push on tuesday during a confirmation hearing for nominees to the securities and exchange commission to require corporations to disclose political contributions. senator charles schumer of new york threatened to vote against confirming the nominees
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on tuesday he was dismayed about violence and divisiveness on the u.s. presidential campaign trail and
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on tuesday condemned efforts to disrupt political rallies
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration reversed course on tuesday on a proposal to open the southeastern atlantic coast to drilling as an oil price slump and strong opposition in coastal communities raised doubts about the plan. besides market and environmental concerns
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration does not plan any announcement on tuesday on a nominee for the supreme court
"new york (reuters) - u.s. liberal groups
"washington (reuters) - energy market dynamics factored into the decision by the obama administration to reverse course on a proposal to open the southeastern atlantic coastal area to oil and gas drilling
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house republicans on tuesday insisted they will proceed with a fiscal 2017 budget plan despite a flat-out rejection from their party’s fiscal hawks that poses an important test of speaker paul ryan’s leadership.  the $3.9 trillion proposal
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate john kasich’s campaign on monday denied a report that mitt romney
"(reuters) - two reporters and two editors from breitbart news resigned to protest how the conservative website handled an alleged assault last week on one of the reporters by a senior aide to republican presidential front-runner donald trump. reporter michelle fields filed a criminal complaint on friday against trump’s campaign manager
"kansas city
"winston-salem
"heath
"tampa
"(reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump has effectively split the conservative tea party movement
"washington/havana (reuters) - the united states unveiled new measures on tuesday to make it far easier for americans to visit cuba and eased limits on the use of u.s dollars in trade there as president barack obama prepared to make a historic trip to havana next week. rolling out some of the most significant changes since obama announced his opening to cuba in december 2014
 wife says"
"washington (reuters) - the united states hopes a new package of u.s. regulatory changes affecting cuba will encourage people-to-people interactions and provide additional incentives for havana to make economic and trade reforms of its own
"washington (reuters) - the republican party on monday stepped up its fight against any supreme court nominee put forward by president barack obama while the president’s allies hit back against a conservative group’s attack on a judge who had been considered for the job. the republican party’s move to create a task force to coordinate advertising and other steps to assail obama’s nominee to fill the vacancy left by the feb. 13 death of conservative justice antonin scalia is the latest indication that the political fight could become very nasty. “it’s clear what republicans are planning to do
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house armed services committee chairman mac thornberry  introduced a second batch of legislative proposals on tuesday aimed at speeding up how the pentagon buys weapons and making it easier for firms to retain their intellectual property. thornberry’s legislation follows an initial batch of reforms enacted last year with the 2016 annual defense policy bill
"san juan/washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers are writing a fix to the puerto rico debt crisis that would give an independent financial review board sweeping power to arbitrate creditor disputes and map a future for the u.s. territory’s pension system. rather than pick winners and losers among investors who hold roughly $70 billion of puerto rican debt
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama believes congress will lift an embargo on cuba under the next president
"washington (reuters) - in april 2014
"washington (reuters) - the securities and exchange commission on monday approved the budget for the auditing watchdog that oversees the work of leading u.s. accounting firms. the sec staff recommended approving the budget of the public company accounting oversight board (pcaob) and sec commission chair mary jo white and commissioner kara stein endorsed the $257.7 million budget. commissioner michael s. piwowar voted against
"washington (reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton will call for higher trade standards at a saturday campaign stop in youngstown
"washington/bloomington
"brussels (reuters) - europe’s emerging migration policy is looking increasingly like donald trump without the hair. except that
"dayton
"washington/austin
"(reuters) - a spokeswoman for u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump on saturday denied a media report that he had canceled an ohio rally because of security concerns. the cincinnati.com news website had quoted eric deters
"simi valley
"paris (reuters) - european parliament president martin schulz said on saturday that neither europe nor the united states was prepared for a donald trump presidency as the likely republican candidate had no international experience and was a populist. “trump belongs to these people that we also have here in europe
 obama makes case for access to device data"
 scraps chicago rally"
"miami (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump came under fire from his rivals on thursday for saying muslims hate the united states at a debate where the gut-punching attacks of earlier forums gave way to a suddenly civil tone with a serious focus on the issues. trump
"canton
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico central bank governor agustin carstens said on friday he is “implicitly” factoring in the possibility of republican hopeful donald trump becoming u.s. president in the bank’s economic risk models. in an interview with el financiero/bloomberg carstens was asked whether the chances of trump
"chicago (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate donald trump canceled a rally scheduled for friday night in chicago after the event turned into a chaotic scene with thousands of attendees split into opposing camps of supporters of the republican front-runner and protesters inflamed by his candidacy. a trump campaign staffer took the stage nearly a half hour after the rally was slated to begin and said it would be postponed for safety reasons. a campaign statement issued slightly later said the event would be held on another unspecified day. following the announcement
"cleveland (reuters) - an ohio judge ruled friday teenagers celebrating their 18th birthday before november’s election are entitled to have their votes for presidential nominees counted in next week’s state primary. “plaintiffs are entitled to a judgment that the secretary abused his discretion
"washington (reuters) - canadian prime minister justin trudeau on friday joked that he is not expecting an influx of unhappy americans across the border if firebrand republican donald trump becomes president. as trump’s popularity builds in the race for the republican presidential nomination
"(reuters) - a reporter for the conservative website breitbart news filed a criminal complaint on friday against republican presidential election front-runner donald trump’s campaign manager
"washington (reuters) - a group that wanted to draft house speaker paul ryan as a republican presidential candidate is shutting down
"(reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said on friday he favored the united states reaching trade agreements with individual countries as opposed to multilateral accords like the trans-pacific partnership. trump
"new york (reuters) - some 11.9 million americans watched thursday’s unusually restrained republican presidential debate on cnn
"aboard air force one (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama did not mean to be critical of british prime minister david cameron about libya policy in an article published this week in the atlantic magazine
"(reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate marco rubio said on friday that he doesn’t believe conditions currently exist for a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict. “i just don’t see the conditions right now for that
"new york (reuters) - the television audience for thursday’s restrained republican party presidential debate on cnn was down from last week’s figures
"new york (reuters) - new york’s top democratic legislator drove home his budget priorities on friday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate marco rubio’s campaign urged a tactical vote against party front-runner donald trump on friday
"toronto (reuters) - the attention paid by americans to the visit of canadian prime minister justin trudeau to washington this week sparked cynicism and delight back home
"washington (reuters) - the afl-cio
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. navy will likely increase its requirement for a 308-ship fleet given the rapidly changing world security situation
"hialeah
 trudeau mark better canada ties with climate
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on thursday turned the page on years of shaky ties with canada by staging a lavish white house welcome for prime minister justin trudeau
"washington (reuters) - house speaker paul ryan’s political operation sent a cease-and-desist letter on thursday to a group that is trying to draft him as a republican presidential candidate
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on wednesday he hoped “cooler heads will prevail” and that the republican-led senate will act on his u.s. supreme court nominee but top republicans dug in their heels
"washington (reuters) - canadian prime minister justin trudeau on thursday vowed to work with whomever replaces president barack obama when his term ends in january following the u.s. presidential election in november. “the relationship
 obama say softwood lumber issue will be resolved soon"
"washington (reuters) - former republican presidential candidate ben carson
"houston (reuters) - a suspicious substance found at the houston campaign headquarters of u.s. republican presidential contender senator ted cruz was non-toxic
"(reuters) - republican presidential candidate ted cruz snared his first endorsement from a senate colleague on thursday when senator mike lee of utah backed him for the party’s nomination. “ted doesn’t believe you have to settle
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday blocked an effort to prevent the $700 million sale of lockheed martin corp (lmt.n) f-16 fighter jets to pakistan
"washington (reuters) - democratic lawmakers on the senate’s judiciary committee urged president barack obama on thursday to move with speed to nominate a supreme court candidate and expressed confidence that republicans would come around to hold hearings for the nominee. speaking to reporters after meeting with obama at the white house
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will not address a dispute over encryption between the u.s. justice department and apple inc (aapl.o) during a trip to texas on friday
 says obama"
 france"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidates may find themselves in a more subdued debate than usual on thursday night in miami
"washington (reuters) - the senate banking committee approved barack obama’s choice to be the treasury department’s undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence by a 14-8 vote on thursday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator mike lee of utah will endorse republican presidential candidate senator ted cruz on thursday
 rubio want to send more prisoners to guantanamo"
"washington (reuters) - the senate armed services committee backed the nomination of eric fanning to be secretary of the u.s. army on thursday and forwarded the recommendation to the full senate for a final vote. fanning
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump on thursday blasted currency devaluations around the world for hurting the u.s. economy and costing american jobs
"washington (reuters) - major u.s. hedge fund managers are on pace this year to more than double the amount they gave in the 2012 election campaign
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate john kasich
"(reuters) - the republican national committee filed two lawsuits on wednesday seeking to obtain emails related to democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton’s tenure as u.s. secretary of state. clinton
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate marco rubio voiced regret on wednesday about making personal attacks against front-runner donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the white house is interviewing five potential nominees for the u.s. supreme court vacancy created by the death last month of justice antonin scalia
"austin
 dissident talks on track: white house"
" new york (reuters) - a judge will decide by the end of this month whether to proceed with a proposed class action lawsuit filed by a jamaican fashion model against republican presidential front-runner donald trump’s modeling agency
"philadelphia (reuters) - pennsylvania gun control advocates on wednesday asked the state’s top court to knock down a 2014 law allowing gun-rights lobbying groups to sue cities that adopt gun restrictions and recoup legal costs if they prevail. firearms advocates
"washington (reuters) - democrat hillary clinton’s unexpected defeat in michigan has laid bare growing voter anger over international trade
"tallahassee
 canada put pipeline fight in the past with state dinner"
 netanyahu discuss iran
"tallahassee
"washington (reuters) - technology companies could face civil penalties for refusing to comply with court orders to help investigators access encrypted data under draft legislation nearing completion in the u.s. senate
"ottawa (reuters) - the united states sees no urgent need for a new energy pipeline between canada and the united states
"havana (reuters) - cuba said it would welcome president barack obama to havana later this month
"chicago (reuters) - a 39-hour democratic filibuster in the missouri senate ended on wednesday when republicans forced a vote and approved a proposal to prohibit sanctions against groups and wedding vendors that discriminate against same-sex couples for religious reasons. the resolution to amend the state’s constitution passed 23-9 after the majority republican caucus used a parliamentary maneuver to end the filibuster
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator ben cardin
"washington (reuters) - the chicago tribune endorsed senator marco rubio in the 2016 republican presidential race on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. federal bureau of investigation hinted on wednesday that authorities in iran had recently been trying to help locate robert levinson
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. republican presidential candidate carly fiorina on wednesday threw her support behind ted cruz
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. defense department on wednesday said it would conduct another comprehensive review of raytheon co’s long-delayed ground control system for next generation gps satellites in about three months
"geneva (reuters) - the u.n. torture investigator voiced concern on wednesday at calls by some republican candidates in the u.s. presidential race to authorize water-boarding in interrogating detainees
"(reuters) - bernie sanders’ democratic presidential campaign has sued ohio’s secretary of state in federal court over what it calls an unconstitutional attempt to prevent young people from voting in the state’s march 15 primary election. “it is an outrage that the secretary of state in ohio is going out of his way to keep young people – significantly african-american young people
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama has started to interview candidates for the u.s. supreme court to replace justice antonin scalia
"(reuters) - a man suspected of shooting an idaho pastor who led a prayer at a rally for u.s. republican presidential candidate ted cruz was arrested on tuesday and was facing attempted murder charges
"(reuters) - a man suspected of shooting an idaho pastor who led a prayer at a rally for u.s. republican presidential candidate ted cruz was arrested on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on tuesday that lawmakers would continue to press for new sanctions against tehran “until the regime ends its violent
"beverly hills
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general loretta lynch asked not to be considered as a nominee to fill the supreme court vacancy created by the death of justice antonin scalia last month
"washington (reuters) - senate banking committee chairman richard shelby on tuesday started to ease the backlog of 16 obama administration nominees stalled before the panel
"washington/tel aviv (reuters) - israel would have shown good manners had it informed the united states directly rather than through the news media that it was turning down a proposed summit meeting with u.s. president barack obama
"(reuters) - the u.s. senate banking committee has set a hearing date for president barack obama’s two nominees to the securities and exchange commission
 still using nicotine gum: doctor"
 louisiana reels from corporate tax giveaways"
"(reuters) - democratic senators in missouri were in the 20th hour of filibuster on tuesday
"(reuters) - virginia governor terry mcauliffe has signed a bill that makes the state the first in the united states to regulate fantasy sports
 says senate's grassley"
"washington (reuters) - senator charles schumer
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton will depart from the campaign trail on friday to attend the funeral services of former first lady nancy reagan.  the campaign on tuesday reported that clinton
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s administration will announce further measures to ease travel and trade restrictions on cuba on march 17
 trade progress in trudeau visit"
"washington (reuters) - ohio governor john kasich
"bogor/jakarta
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration has rejected a plea by billionaire investor william koch to refund as much as $14 million in royalties on a now-shut colorado mine
 calls for centrism"
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton’s vow to regulate oil and gas fracking almost out of existence was met with skepticism monday
 cruz to discuss house republican agenda: report"
"washington (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has declined an offer to meet u.s. president barack obama at the white house later this month and canceled his trip to washington
 prisons"
"san francisco (reuters) - even as the department of justice battles apple in court over access to encrypted data
 who mulls more trade moves"
 contractors"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department was “disappointed” india had refused visas to members of a u.s. commission that examines violations of religious freedom around the world
"(reuters) - former new york city mayor michael bloomberg said on monday he will not enter the race for u.s. president in november
"richmond
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on monday defended his efforts to rein in wall street
 but understands his appeal"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on monday the united states took north korean threats to use nuclear weapons seriously and urged pyongyang to halt its provocations
"albany
 calls for centrism"
" washington (reuters) - foreign diplomats are expressing alarm to u.s. government officials about what they say are inflammatory and insulting public statements by republican presidential front-runner donald trump
"the democratic and republican nominees for the nov. 8 presidential election are decided in a series of state-by-state contests. the key to winning the nomination for each party is ultimately not about the popular vote
 a serious agenda for obama-trudeau talks"
 but residents want action"
 makes hitler warning"
 sanders both say they can beat trump during feisty michigan debate"
"(reuters) - the u.s. department of justice has hired a retired marine corps major general to head the office in charge of bringing overseas criminal defendants to the united states for trial
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate marco rubio was projected to win puerto rico
 merkel lauds clinton"
 trump split four states in setback for republican establishment"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator ted cruz of texas beat out rivals in the 2016 conservative political action conference straw poll as the first-choice pick for the u.s. presidency. a total of 2
 srinivasan considered for u.s. top court: nyt"
"national harbor
"los angeles (reuters) - reality star caitlyn jenner’s offer to be a “trans ambassador” to u.s. republican presidential hopeful ted cruz drew criticism on friday from some members of the lgbt community
"buenos aires (reuters) - president barack obama and the first lady will visit the lake-side patagonian tourist city of bariloche later this month during an official trip to argentina
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate ben carson officially ended his bid for the white house on friday after failing to win any of the early states in the race for the november election. “there are a lot of people who love me
"washington (reuters) - the supreme court
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s deputy national security adviser ben rhodes will travel to miami next week to meet with leaders from the cuban-american community to allay concerns about obama’s historic trip to cuba later this month
"washington (reuters) - if americans were looking for clarity on leading republican presidential candidate donald trump’s world views
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump softened his stance on torture on friday
"potomac
 cites his 'beautiful women'"
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential hopeful hillary clinton on friday said that as the chinese economy slows
"washington (reuters) - as republican leaders desperately seek ways to derail the presidential campaign of billionaire donald trump
"washington (reuters) - mayors of 21 cities in florida on friday called on the moderators of next week’s presidential debates in miami to ask candidates how they would deal with rising sea levels caused by climate change
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s visit to cuba later this month will not be affected by the cancellation of tentative plans for secretary of state john kerry to visit the island nation for human rights talks beforehand
 cuba discuss obama trip: state department"
"washington (reuters) - republican candidate john kasich said on friday he does not think any republican presidential contender will win enough state delegates to secure the nomination before the party’s convention in july. “as crazy as this year is
"(reuters) - a raucous republican party debate on thursday drew the biggest audience for a televised u.s. presidential match-up in 2016
"(reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton will propose a “clawback” tax on friday for companies that outsource jobs or facilities abroad
 third party run bets up"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on friday accused republicans of trying to “talk down” the u.s. economy by painting a doomsday picture on the campaign trail and said the rhetoric used by republican candidates was unworthy of the american people.   in remarks to reporters at the white house
"(reuters) - the conservative political action conference
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden leaves on a five-day trip to the middle east late saturday
"boston (reuters) - donald trump has dismissed fellow white house hopefuls as liars
" (advisory: this story contains content that may offend some readers) by jon herskovitz austin
 group forms to draft ryan for u.s. president"
"washington (reuters) - india has denied visas for a delegation from the u.s. government agency charged with monitoring international religious freedom
"new york (reuters) - the technician who helped manage hillary clinton’s private email server for her work as secretary of state has given security logs to investigators that he said show no signs of foreign hacking
' creates pathway to contested convention"
"(reuters) - president barack obama said on thursday he plans to remain in washington after his term in office ends in january so that his youngest daughter can finish high school
"washington (reuters) - tentative plans for u.s. secretary of state john kerry to visit cuba before mid-march for a human rights dialogue have been canceled
"new york (reuters) - the koch brothers
"washington (reuters) - more than 90 republican foreign policy veterans have pledged to oppose donald trump
' not of trump "
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain
"(reuters) - the following is the full text of the speech delivered on thursday by former massachusetts governor and 2012 republican nominee for u.s. president mitt romney to the institute of politics at the university of utah. i am not here to announce my candidacy for office.  i am not going to endorse a candidate today. instead
 former hill staffer to serve on cftc"
 anti-trump forces start florida ad battle"
"washington (reuters) - computer security records turned over to the fbi from an email server hillary clinton used while she was u.s. secretary of state show no evidence of foreign hacking
"washington (reuters) - republican 2012 presidential nominee mitt romney is aiming to block donald trump from winning the nomination for president at the party’s convention
"albany
"louisville
"(reuters) - the south dakota house of representatives failed on thursday to override a veto by governor dennis daugaard of a bill that would have made the state the first in the united states to dictate what bathrooms transgender students can use in public schools.  by a vote of 36-29
"united nations/washington (reuters) - seven u.s. women senators urged president barack obama on thursday to push for the election of the united nations’ first female secretary-general later this year. u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon
"(reuters) - kentucky’s republican governor matt bevin has filed a lawsuit asking a judge to close an abortion clinic in lexington
"(reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder has urged federal officials to reconsider their denial for funds to help deal with the crisis caused by lead-contaminated water in the city of flint
"milwaukee (reuters) - president barack obama said on thursday that some 20 million americans had become insured as a result of the affordable care act
"(reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie said on thursday he has urged donald trump not to leave the republican party
"new york (reuters) - if mitt romney wanted to ignite a debate about donald trump’s suitability for the white house
"washington (reuters) - florida governor rick scott said on thursday he would not endorse anyone in the 2016 republican presidential race
 rubio holds firm"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump
"seattle (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary ash carter thursday urged congress to stick to a bipartisan budget agreement that locked in spending levels for fiscal 2016 and 2017
"havana (reuters) - americans traveling to cuba later this month are being moved out of havana hotels to make room for president barack obama’s entourage and being sent tantalizingly close to a place u.s. law effectively forbids them from visiting: the beach.  obama will make his historic trip to the communist-ruled caribbean island on march 21-22 with hundreds of people in tow
"new york (reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie’s approval ratings have fallen after the one-time presidential hopeful endorsed republican front-runner donald trump
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court sided with the obama administration on thursday in rebuffing a bid by 20 states to halt an environmental protection agency rule to curb emissions of mercury and other toxic pollutants from power plants. the action came about a month after the high court put on hold federal regulations to curb carbon dioxide emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants
"washington (reuters) - one of donald trump’s sons appeared along with a white supremacist while giving an interview on a conservative radio show
"new york (reuters) - the ranking democrat on the u.s. senate subcommittee on children and families wants a congressional watchdog agency to investigate whether states are complying with a federal law meant to protect newborns in drug withdrawal and help their families. in a letter sent this week to the u.s. government accountability office
 while republicans wrestle with party's future"
"mexico city (reuters) - there is no way mexico would fund donald trump’s “terrible” plan to build a wall along its border with the united states if the republican front-runner wins the u.s. presidential election
 u.s. republicans grapple with trump victories"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. justice department has given immunity from prosecution to a state department employee who helped set up and manage the private email server hillary clinton used for her work as secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner candidate donald trump on wednesday unveiled proposals for reforming u.s. healthcare that included repealing obamacare
 kelly set for trump rematch"
"washington (reuters) - a closely divided supreme court struggled with its biggest abortion case in years on wednesday
 senate banking chair may move some nominees"
"washington (reuters) - emotions over abortion simmered on the sidewalks outside the u.s. supreme court on wednesday
"portland
"washington (reuters) - the white house is vetting federal appellate judge jane kelly for a possible u.s. supreme court nomination to replace the late justice antonin scalia
 new jersey press urges resignation"
"(reuters) - the democratic and republican nominees for the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election are decided in a series of state-by-state contests. the key to winning the nomination for each party is ultimately not about the popular vote
 iraq's abadi discuss military
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate ben carson said on wednesday that he does not see a “political path forward” in his 2016 bid for the white house.  carson
"washington (reuters) - former republican presidential nominee mitt romney will make a “major speech” on the 2016 white house race on thursday
"washington (reuters) - the united states on wednesday voiced concern about malaysia’s media crackdown and suggested that the extent of press and internet freedom in the asian country could affect prospects for expanded bilateral cooperation. u.s. state department spokesman john kirby said washington was “very concerned” by malaysia’s recent restrictions of access to reporting on its domestic current affairs
 trump still republican favorite"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republicans have only themselves to blame for donald trump
"new york (reuters) - the campaign of democratic presidential hopeful hillary clinton on wednesday called support from a broad coalition of voters - including people of color
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama is close to submitting to the u.s. senate a supreme court nomination to fill the vacancy left by the feb. 13 death of justice antonin scalia
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico’s government is planning a diplomatic push to counter aggressive rhetoric against its nationals in the u.s. election race
"miami (reuters) - when senator ted cruz took the stage on tuesday after winning the republican nominating contest in his home state of texas
"washington (reuters) - one evening last june
 cut education department. what a president trump would do"
 clinton takes aim at trump"
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump suffered a legal setback on tuesday when a new york state court allowed a multimillion-dollar fraud claim against trump university
"(reuters) - south dakota republican governor dennis daugaard on tuesday vetoed a bill that would have made his the first u.s. state to dictate what bathrooms transgender students are allowed to use in public schools.  the bill now returns to the legislature
 but won't talk about trump"
"ciudad juarez/washington (reuters) - gang violence and poverty have for years pushed mexicans and central americans north to the united states
 republicans"
"chicago (reuters) - an illinois voter’s lawsuit challenging ted cruz’s eligibility to run for president of the united states because he was born in canada was dismissed on a technicality on tuesday by a state judge. cook county circuit court judge maureen ward kirby in chicago ruled that she did not have jurisdiction in the lawsuit - which had sought to have cruz removed from the state’s primary election ballot - because it had not been properly served on the state board of elections. she found that the plaintiff
"new york (reuters) - add the juggernaut that is donald j. trump to the list of what-ifs that is worrying wall street. a growing realization that the unpredictable new york real estate developer is in a position to win the republican nomination and then battle hillary clinton for the white house in november’s election has caused some investors to sell u.s. stocks. they fear having such a wild-card president could trigger trade wars
 not if' foreign country hacks u.s. infrastructure"
"washington (reuters) - senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday condemned white supremacists
"washington (reuters) - the secret service is investigating a confrontation between a time magazine photographer and a secret service agent at a rally for republican presidential candidate donald trump in virginia
 photographer fight at trump rally "
"washington (reuters) - republicans’ refusal to consider any supreme court nominee by president barack obama this year could jeopardize the party’s control of the senate
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama asked republican congressional leaders for suggestions on a supreme court nominee during a meeting on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - germany’s foreign minister warned during a trip to washington on tuesday about a rise in the use of populist fear tactics by politicians on both sides of the atlantic
"new york (reuters) - republican frontrunner donald trump has upended the presidential primaries this year by relying heavily on free air time and twitter at the expense of local-ad buying
"houston (reuters) - republican ted cruz’s hopes of a sweeping nominating victory in his home state of texas are being eroded as donald trump taps into conservative anger over immigration. polls show cruz
"madrid (reuters) - peruvian nobel prize-winning author mario vargas llosa said on tuesday that donald trump was a “clown” and a “racist” who would doom the republican party to defeat if it chose him as its candidate for november’s u.s. presidential election. “he is a danger to the united states
"washington/new york (reuters) - backers of republican presidential hopeful marco rubio have spent nearly as much money in the weeks leading up to super tuesday’s nominating contests as all of his rivals combined
"washington (reuters) - a television advertisement set to air on tuesday from the presidential campaign of hillary clinton underscores the democratic front-runner’s willingness to take on predatory drug pricing
"san antonio (reuters) - donald trump’s republican presidential rivals urged him on monday to ask the new york times to release a recording of an interview he did with the newspaper’s editorial board
 photographer shoved to the ground"
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. state department released the final batch of hillary clinton’s emails on monday from her time at the agency’s helm
"washington (reuters) - clarence thomas ended a decade of silence from the bench during supreme court arguments on monday when the conservative justice unexpectedly posed questions during a gun rights case from maine. his comments
"atlanta (reuters) - things were not looking too good a year ago for georgia’s top elections officer as he tried to stitch together a mega-presidential primary in the u.s. south. efforts to bring alabama and arkansas online had stalled. tennessee was threatening to defect.  but georgia secretary of state brian kemp kept working the phones
"washington (reuters) - members of the house judiciary committee are considering filing a “friend of the court” brief in apple inc’s [aapl.o] encryption dispute with the u.s. government to argue that the case should be decided by congress and not the courts
"washington (reuters) - u.s. attorney general loretta lynch said on monday that she hopes apple inc. (aapl.o) will still comply with the court order by a federal judge in california to unlock the iphone used by one of the san bernardino shooters.  “it is still our hope that they will see their way clear to complying with that order as thousands of other companies do every day
"philadelphia (reuters) - the u.s. constitution protects sen. robert menendez from being prosecuted on bribery charges for talks he held with government officials on behalf of a friend who gave him gifts valued at $1 million
"(reuters) - a u.s. judge on monday blocked indiana governor mike pence’s order barring state officials from helping syrian refugees resettle in the state
"fort worth
"washington (reuters) - the no. 2 republican in the senate said on monday he was worried that donald trump could be an “albatross” for republicans running in other races if he were to win the party’s nomination for president
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama has turned to senior adviser brian deese
 apple to tell congress"
"new york (reuters) - connecticut will cancel pay raises for managers at state agencies after the latest projections suggest the state’s fiscal situation may be much worse than previously thought
"(reuters) - if republican presidential hopeful ted cruz lands a win in the nominating contest in his home state of texas on tuesday
"new york (reuters) - the use of the #nevertrump hashtag grew on twitter on monday as detractors of republican presidential front-runner donald trump fretted over his momentum on the eve of super tuesday election contests. on twitter
"washington (reuters) - as the senate’s top republican mulls whether to push ahead on a criminal justice reform package
"(reuters) - backers of democratic presidential contender bernie sanders have launched a campaign to win over some of his rival hillary clinton’s most prized supporters - the superdelegates that can make the difference in a tight race for the party’s nomination. but some emails
 general election after huge win in south carolina"
"new york (reuters) - meg whitman
"new york (reuters) - the democratic party released a video on sunday slamming republican presidential hopefuls for their opposition to action on climate change
"washington (reuters) - republican jeff sessions will become the first sitting u.s. senator to endorse party front-runner donald trump on sunday evening
 endorses bernie sanders"
"washington (reuters) - a former finance co-chair of chris christie’s presidential campaign on sunday slammed christie’s recent endorsement of donald trump
 cruz release taxes
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate ted cruz released four years of his and wife heidi’s tax returns on saturday
"mexico city (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump’s political rhetoric is “racist
"columbia
"new york (reuters) - warren buffett bemoaned the “negative drumbeat” on the u.s. economy from presidential candidates in his annual berkshire hathaway inc shareholder letter on saturday
 many minds made up for clinton"
"new york (reuters) - presidential candidate donald trump admires the late douglas macarthur and george patton
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republicans in washington are coming to grips with what many of them not long ago considered an unimaginable reality: donald trump is likely to be their presidential nominee and standard-bearer. the prospect of trump winning the republican primary had been the stuff of washington jokes
"detroit (reuters) - quality problems prompted two of michigan governor rick snyder’s top lawyers to urge that flint be moved back to the detroit water system just months after a decision to draw water supply from the flint river
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton defended her paid speeches to wall street
"aboard air force one (reuters) - the white house said on friday that more candidates could be added to its list of potential nominees to fill the supreme court vacancy caused by the death of justice antonin scalia. “we are still in a position where the list is not closed at this point
 marches toward super tuesday"
"washington (reuters) - ketanji brown jackson
"new york (reuters) - the political alliance sealed on friday between republican presidential candidate donald trump and new jersey governor chris christie was more than a decade in the making
 mainstream advisers"
"washington (reuters) - donald trump is receiving foreign policy advice from a former u.s. military intelligence chief who wants the united states to work more closely with russia to resolve global security issues
"(reuters) - virginia governor terry mcauliffe on friday signed compromise gun legislation that recognizes concealed-carry permits from all states while making it illegal for someone under a permanent protective order to possess a firearm. mcauliffe
 at battery plant
"(reuters) - the internal revenue service said on friday an investigation into a hacking attack revealed in may found that cyber criminals had made attempts to gain access to about 390
 remains in office"
"(reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump said on friday that if elected he would “open up” libel laws to make suing the media easier. speaking at a rally in fort worth
"detroit (reuters) - two former michigan representatives forced out of the state legislature last fall for a scheme to cover up their extramarital affair face felony charges of misconduct and related counts
"washington (reuters) - the state department expects to complete the release of emails of hillary clinton from her time as secretary of state by monday
"fort worth
"washington (reuters) - making a final push toward the crucial super tuesday vote
"washington (reuters) - emboldened by a strong debate performance
 points and raises lots of cash "
 donald trump has a model for success"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate marco rubio on friday called front-runner donald trump a “con artist
 cruz gang up on trump in debate ploy"
"washington (reuters) - nevada governor brian sandoval
 backed by china
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government needs to improve and accelerate its process for approving foreign arm sales
"columbia
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain on thursday urged the senate foreign relations committee to hold a hearing on the possible sale of lockheed martin corp f-16 fighter jets to pakistan
 sanders says water crisis should serve as wake-up call"
"mexico city (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden on thursday said he felt “almost obliged” to say sorry for verbal attacks on mexico in the u.s. presidential campaign
"new york/san juan (reuters) - u.s. treasury counselor antonio weiss said on thursday that without a proper restructuring regime
 admirals back clinton's stance on guantanamo"
"(reuters) - the united states on thursday proposed a draft united nations security council resolution that would dramatically tighten sanctions on north korea following pyongyang’s recent nuclear test and missile launch. here is an overview of the draft resolution circulated to the 15-member council:    the draft resolution targets north korea’s conventional arms capabilities by closing a gap in the arms embargo that had allowed small arms and light weapons to be sent to north korea. north korea would instead be subjected to a full arms embargo on all weapons. it has an unprecedented ban on the transfer to north korea of any item that could directly contribute to the operational capabilities of the north korean armed forces
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate armed services committee chairman john mccain on thursday vowed to block use of a cost-plus type of contract
"(reuters) - detroit mayor mike duggan proposed a $2.6 billion fiscal 2017 budget on thursday that he said could be the city’s ticket to removing state oversight of its finances. he said the all-funds budget
"(reuters) - five democratic u.s. senators
"washington (reuters) - secretary of state john kerry urged congress on thursday not to rush to renew the iran sanctions act (isa)
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday a draft sanctions resolution against north korea that will be submitted to the u.n. security council is the result of “extensive diplomatic conversations” between the united states and china over pyongyang’s latest nuclear test. “i do think it is indicative of how productive diplomacy can be
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will convene a meeting on tuesday with the republican and democratic leaders of the u.s. senate and its judiciary committee to discuss a supreme court nominee
 apple general counsel to testify march 1: house panel"
"washington (reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder will testify at a house oversight committee hearing on march 17 on the flint
"washington (reuters) - tennessee governor bill haslam on thursday endorsed u.s. senator marco rubio of florida for the republican party’s presidential nomination. “with marco standing next to hillary clinton on a debate stage
"washington (reuters) - a senior republican on the u.s. senate judiciary committee said on thursday that president barack obama was looking for someone who was “very moderate” to be his nominee to fill a vacancy on the supreme court. “he said he was going to try to find a justice who would be very moderate
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on wednesday said he was cautious about raising expectations regarding the agreement to pause hostilities in syria. but
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama is considering appointing a moderate republican to the supreme court
"(reuters) - a coalition of some of the largest u.s. latino organizations on thursday will lay out a raft of policies that
 makes him betting favorite"
"(reuters) - the nominating contests that will determine the democratic and republican nominees for the nov. 8 u.s. presidential election are about to enter a critical phase. on march 1
"washington (reuters) - a democratic lawmaker will introduce a bill on thursday that seeks to broaden the powers of a u.s. government panel that reviews mergers for national security concerns
 private groups to battle online extremism"
"austin
"washington (reuters) - the senate voted overwhelmingly on wednesday to confirm dr. robert califf as head of the food and drug administration
"detroit (reuters) - detroit may sue some of the consultants who worked on its historic municipal bankruptcy over a $490 million pension funding shortfall that will result in bigger-than-expected city payments starting in 2024
"washington (reuters) - republicans in the house of representatives are preparing legal action in case president barack obama tries to transfer detainees at the military prison at guantanamo bay to the united states
"washington (reuters) - u.s. spy agencies have told congress that hillary clinton’s home computer server contained some emails that should have been treated as “top secret” because their wording matched sections of some of the government’s most highly classified documents
"(reuters) - former california democratic state senator leland yee received a five-year prison sentence on wednesday for conspiracy in a corruption case that involved bribery
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senators unveiled legislation on wednesday providing federal aid to help states fix water infrastructure in the wake of flint
"detroit/washington (reuters) - u.s. senators edward markey and richard blumenthal on wednesday renewed their call for the national highway traffic safety administration to accelerate the recall of potentially defective takata corp air bags. the lawmakers cited a report on tuesday by the senate commerce committee alleging takata “falsified data to cover up problems” with its air bags
 woman to be librarian of congress"
"washington (reuters) - nevada governor brian sandoval
"washington (reuters) - top senate democrat harry reid said on wednesday he would support democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton for the party’s nomination in the november election. in an interview with cnn
"new york/london (reuters) - donald trump’s chances of winning the republican nomination for the white house shot to a record high at online betting sites around the world on wednesday after his latest victory in voting in nevada. betting venues in britain
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted on wednesday to confirm dr. robert califf as commissioner of the food and drug administration
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on wednesday said he expected the senate judiciary committee to hold a hearing for his eventual supreme court nominee and said it would be difficult for majority leader mitch mcconnell to block the process for political reasons. obama
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. representative chris collins backed donald trump for his party’s presidential nomination on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the u.s. senate foreign relations committee said on wednesday he did not expect congress to lift the half-century-long embargo against cuba this year but it could happen under a new president
"(reuters) - pennsylvania governor tom wolf announced on wednesday that he has a “treatable form” of prostate cancer but said it would not interfere with his official duties. “i’m not going to be incapacitated at all by this
"(reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate donald trump’s declaration of love for “the poorly educated” in his nevada victory speech lit up social media on wednesday
 climate adviser at national security council"
"washington (reuters) - the republican-led u.s. senate on tuesday ruled out taking  action on any nominee put forth by president barack obama to the supreme court in a political power move intended to thwart his ability to change the court’s ideological balance. majority leader mitch mcconnell said the senate will not hold hearings or vote on any nominee to replace long-serving conservative justice antonin scalia until after the next president takes office next january. scalia died on feb. 13. mcconnell
"lucedale
"(reuters) - a federal judge ruled on tuesday that u.s. state department officials and aides to hillary clinton should be questioned under oath about whether the former secretary of state’s use of a private email system was an effort to skirt open records laws. the ruling by u.s. district judge emmet sullivan is likely to add to the uncertainty hovering over clinton
"austin
 but trump dominates polls"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama launched a final push on tuesday to persuade congress to close the u.s. military prison at guantanamo bay
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers introduced legislation on tuesday to counter president barack obama’s bid to close the guantanamo detention center
"washington (reuters) - two leading house democrats introduced legislation on tuesday intended to curb corporate tax inversion deals by preventing companies from lowering the effective tax rates of u.s. business operations after moving their headquarters overseas. a bill
' sparking twitter furor"
"washington (reuters) - senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday said the republican-led chamber will refuse to consider anyone president barack obama nominates to become a supreme court justice. citing “overwhelming” consensus among senate republicans that the next president
"washington (reuters) - any decision not to hold a u.s. senate hearing on president barack obama’s eventual supreme court nominee would be unprecedented
 infants"
"washington (reuters) - republicans on the u.s. senate judiciary committee sent a letter to majority leader mitch mcconnell on tuesday saying they will not hold hearings on a supreme court nominee until the next president is sworn in next january. committee members wrote that they wanted
"(reuters) - a top north carolina lawmaker vowed on tuesday to correct the “radical course” taken by leaders in charlotte
"rome (reuters) - italy’s foreign ministry summoned the u.s. ambassador on tuesday after media reports that american intelligence services tapped the telephones of former prime minister silvio berlusconi and his aides in 2011. newspaper la repubblica reported the u.s. national security agency (nsa) spied on the billionaire
"washington (reuters) - key senators said on tuesday that republican lawmakers on the senate judiciary committee believe the panel should have no hearings or vote on any nominee by president barack obama to fill the seat vacated by the death of justice antonin scalia. “that’s the consensus view ... no hearing
 but calls for due process"
 sharpens immigration stance"
 cruz missteps"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry said on tuesday he may be in cuba in the next week or two to hold a dialogue on human rights. “i may be down there in the next week or two to have a human rights dialogue
"washington (reuters) - the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee on tuesday sharply questioned u.s. plans to sell f-16 fighter jets to pakistan
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on tuesday urged congress to give his plan to close the prison at guantanamo bay
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama launched a final push on tuesday to persuade congress to close the u.s. military prison at guantanamo bay
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate marco rubio denied a report on sunday that a high-profile endorsement by former republican white house nominee mitt romney is on the horizon. the huffington post reported that romney was scheduled to throw his backing behind the u.s. senator from florida in the 2016 white house race
 state says"
 cruz missteps"
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator mark kirk
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon is expected to submit to congress on tuesday president barack obama’s long-awaited plan for closing the u.s. military prison at guantanamo bay
"sacramento
"(reuters) - republican presidential candidate john kasich drew scorn on monday after a video emerged in which he told a crowd that early in his career
"washington (reuters) - the senate on monday moved closer to confirming dr. robert califf to lead the food and drug administration
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner said on monday the state has the power to block any debt offerings by financially distressed school districts
"washington (reuters) - republican senator mark kirk of illinois said on monday he wants the senate to vote on president barack obama’s eventual u.s. supreme court nominee
"washington (reuters) - the top technology official at the u.s. office of personnel management announced her retirement on monday amid calls for her ouster by some republican lawmakers. donna seymour
"washington (reuters) - senator claire mccaskill will be absent from congress for the next three weeks as she undergoes treatment for breast cancer
 sanders race takes on angrier tone after nevada"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate marco rubio racked up a number of endorsements from party leaders on monday
"(reuters) - u.s. civil rights activist deray mckesson released his full platform in the race for baltimore mayor on monday
"new york/san juan (reuters) - puerto rico’s much-delayed audited financial statements for 2014 are expected to be finished and issued by april
"(reuters) - senate banking committee democrats on monday asked the panel’s republican chairman in a letter to “clear the backlog” of 16 nominations by president barack obama to posts related to financial oversight
"atlantic city
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on monday said china recognized it could not sustain an export-driven growth model indefinitely but that it would take time to change. speaking to state governors at the white house
"washington (reuters) - the united states will call on g20 countries this week to use fiscal policy in order to boost global demand
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate marco rubio has picked devon energy corp co-founder larry nichols to help oversee his campaign’s stance on energy issues
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on monday he was “cautiously optimistic” that the u.s. congress would support the trans-pacific partnership trade pact his administration made with asian countries. speaking to state governors at the white house
"washington/new york (reuters) - republican marco rubio’s presidential run has drawn more money from wall street donors than any other candidate
"washington (reuters) - former u.s. republican presidential nominee will endorse marco rubio in the race for the party’s presidential nomination
 sanders faces struggle to broaden appeal"
"charleston
 clinton clinches nevada"
"washington (reuters) - marco rubio emerged from a razor-thin second-place finish in south carolina’s presidential primary on sunday with the republican field narrowed and his target clear: donald trump. rubio squeaked by rival and u.s. senate colleague ted cruz in a vote on saturday that cemented the appeal of firebrand outsider trump as well as the failure of a candidate from one of america’s political dynasties: jeb bush. the five remaining republican candidates are now scrambling for voters in 12 states that hold nominating contests on march 1
"new york (reuters) - u.s. catholics voiced support for pope francis on sunday after he criticized donald trump’s immigration stance as “not christian
" (in this february 20 story
"new york (reuters) - within minutes of jeb bush dropping out of the presidential race saturday night
"charleston
"columbia
"chicago (reuters) - an illinois judge on friday said she would decide next month whether she had jurisdiction over a voter’s complaint that republican presidential candidate ted cruz should not be on the state’s primary ballot because he was born in canada. lawrence joyce
' it's religion"
 led by son
 says views changed"
"(reuters) - u.s. representative james clyburn of south carolina backed hillary clinton for the democratic presidential nomination on friday
 reuters review shows. now what?"
"new york (reuters) - hillary clinton continued to resist calls to release her transcripts of paid speeches she gave to goldman sachs and other banks
 bush battle it out in south carolina"
"charleston
 dissidents on historic trip to cuba"
"(reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on friday refused to stay a ruling that two north carolina congressional districts be redrawn over racial gerrymandering in a 2011 redistricting
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will review briefing documents from his staff this weekend on potential supreme court nominees
"vatican city (reuters) - pope francis’s suggestion that donald trump was “not christian” because of his views on immigration was not a personal attack on the u.s. republican presidential candidate
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. government on friday proposed raising payments by 1.35 percent on average next year to the health insurers who offer medicare advantage health benefits to elderly and disabled americans. payments to insurers will vary under the 2017 medicare advantage proposal
 house republicans spar over zika
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. air force would ground the russian-built rd-180 engines that power its atlas 5 rockets if a u.s. government review determines that several sanctioned russian individuals have too close a relationship with the engine maker
"austin
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on thursday signed into law legislation broadening sanctions to punish north korea for its nuclear program
"washington (reuters) - a majority of americans believe it should be up to president barack obama to nominate the next u.s. supreme court justice
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama cannot select the most liberal possible candidate for the u.s. supreme court and should seek a “consensus” pick who could attract republican support
"new york/san francisco (reuters) - apple inc (aapl.o) will likely seek to invoke the united states’ protections of free speech as one of its key legal arguments in trying to block an order to help unlock the encrypted iphone of one of the san bernardino shooters
"newberry
 twitter support apple on encryption dispute with fbi"
"washington (reuters) - a senior u.s. lawmaker expressed a new willingness to support legislation establishing ground rules for when technology firms should grant authorities access to their products
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will “move promptly” in picking his supreme court nomination and has begun to work with senior members of his team on who should replace late justice antonin scalia
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democratic leader harry reid said on thursday he believes president barack obama will nominate a replacement for the late supreme court justice antonin scalia in a little over three weeks. “i think it will be a little over three weeks
"san francisco (reuters) - apple inc (aapl.o) chief executive tim cook’s refusal to comply with the u.s. government’s request to unlock an iphone of one of the san bernardino
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden said on thursday that he thinks donald trump could win the republican presidential nominating race and should be taken seriously in the nov. 8 presidential election because he appeals to voters’ fears. “i think it is very possible he could be nominated and depending on how this all plays out
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden said on thursday that he will be “deeply involved” in advising president barack obama on picking a candidate for the supreme court but said he had “no desire” himself to be named to the nation’s highest court. obama is preparing to name a successor to conservative justice antonin scalia
 trump give union hope in fight for carrier jobs"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. representative jim clyburn of south carolina
"havana (reuters) - ostracized by the government and mistrusted by much of the public
"(reuters) - pope francis’s remarks on thursday that u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump is “not christian” due to his views on immigration sparked jokes on social media
"new york (reuters) - puerto rico will be the subject of two u.s. house of representatives hearings on feb. 25
"new york (reuters) - financially troubled puerto rico’s push for a debt restructuring program could get a lift from the death of conservative justice antonin scalia
 cuba says ready to talk about rights"
"(reuters) - wisconsin republican governor scott walker signed two bills into law on thursday that block federal funding from planned parenthood and could cost the local organization millions of dollars.   planned parenthood of wisconsin could lose about $7.5 million a year because of the measures
"(reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will meet with political dissidents when he visits cuba next month
"charleston
"new york (reuters) - donald trump has taken a more than 20-point lead over u.s. senator ted cruz of texas in the republican race for the presidential nomination
"washington (reuters) - the united states and the european union warned china on wednesday that it should respect an international court ruling expected later this year on its dispute with the philippines over territory in the south china sea. china claims virtually all the south china sea and rejects the authority of the permanent court of arbitration in the hague hearing the dispute
"san antonio (reuters) - the mayor of the south texas town of crystal city
 official says"
"sumter
"springfield
"washington (reuters) - the white house tried to defuse republican charges of hypocrisy against president barack obama over supreme court nominees on wednesday as liberal activists swung into action and the top senate democrat predicted a republican “cave-in.” the white house turned up the heat on the republican-led senate to allow fair hearings and a timely vote on obama’s impending selection to fill the court vacancy left by saturday’s death of conservative justice antonin scalia. the democratic president’s nominee could change the balance of power on the top u.s. court - scalia’s death left it with four conservative and four liberal justices - and a monumental fight is brewing over obama’s pick for the lifetime appointment. republicans
 long-term job"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama does plan to sign a north korea sanctions bill
"(reuters) - south dakota would be the first u.s. state to dictate what bathrooms transgender students are allowed to use in public schools if republican governor dennis daugaard signs a bill into law.  the state senate on tuesday voted 20-15 to send a bill to daugaard that requires transgender pupils to use restrooms and locker rooms in public schools that correspond to their gender at birth and not the gender that fits their current identity
"washington (reuters) - former white house national security adviser tom donilon and former ibm chief executive sam palmisano will lead a new commission to strengthen u.s. cyber defenses over the next decade
"washington (reuters) - california attorney general kamala harris said she is not interested in being nominated for the vacancy on the supreme court
 calls for congress to act"
"rancho mirage
"rancho mirage
 in push for black support
 asean discuss south china sea tensions
 favor wealthy: analysis"
"new york (reuters) - donald trump speaks volumes in what he doesn’t say. the republican presidential hopeful often fails to finish his thoughts during his speeches
"rancho mirage
"charleston
"trenton
"rancho mirage
"harrisburg
"washington (reuters) - republican lawmakers and presidential candidates hardened their  positions on sunday on blocking a move by president barack obama to fill the supreme court seat left by the late conservative justice antonin scalia
"washington (reuters) - a vote to block the obama administration’s ambitious climate regulation was one of antonin scalia’s last acts as a supreme court justice. his sudden death may have opened a new path to the rule’s survival. scalia died saturday. four days earlier
"(reuters) - republican presidential candidate ted cruz pledged on tuesday to boost the size of the u.s. armed forces and invest in new airplanes and ships
 sanders' efforts to reach nevada voters"
" washington (reuters) - a supreme court nomination battle that was ignited on saturday with the death of justice antonin scalia has given democrats an explosive new issue that could bolster their chances of regaining majority control of the u.s. senate.  the impact could be felt most acutely in “swing” states
"hanoi (reuters) - vietnam’s prime minister has urged a greater u.s. role in preventing militarization and island-building in the south china sea
"charleston
"kibbutz shaar haamakim
 southeast asia leaders eye china and trade at california summit"
"rancho mirage
 southeast asia can advance 'shared vision' on maritime disputes"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump blasted close rival ted cruz on monday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama has a number of likely options as he looks for a nominee to the u.s. supreme court to replace justice antonin scalia
"rancho mirage
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican senator john mccain said on sunday he would subpoena 10 u.s. sailors to testify about their brief detention by iran if the obama administration does not provide the findings of an investigation into the incident by march 1. “it’s an option that i do not want to exercise
"washington (reuters) - one possible contender to replace justice antonin scalia on the u.s. supreme court is an indian-american appeals court judge
"marfa
"washington (reuters) - saturday night’s republican debate on cbs was the most-watched of any in 2016
"(reuters) - conservative u.s. supreme court justice antonin scalia has died
"rancho mirage
"washington (reuters) - the sudden and shocking death of supreme court justice antonin scalia opened a new and incendiary front in the already red-hot 2016 presidential race
 trump gets bitter in republican debate"
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump said he would impose taxes on carrier air conditioning units manufactured in mexico in light of the company’s decision to move production from indiana
"washington (reuters) - republican senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on saturday that the next u.s. president should be the one to nominate a justice to fill the vacancy left on the supreme court by the death of antonin scalia. “the american people‎ should have a voice in the selection of their next supreme court justice. therefore
"washington (reuters) - the death of justice antonin scalia on saturday means that the normally nine-member u.s. supreme court will probably be down to eight when it rules on such divisive issues as abortion
"(reuters) - u.s. supreme court justice antonin scalia received last rites from a catholic priest at the texas ranch where he died
"washington/havana (reuters) - the united states has recovered an inert hellfire air-to-ground missile that had mistakenly ended up in cuba
"washington (reuters) - for months republican presidential candidates traded insults such as “dummy
 sanders clash over obama as they vie for minority votes"
 and the white house?"
"orangeburg
 cruz lifts nominee holds"
 bush and cruz to be elbow-to-elbow at cbs debate "
"(reuters) - former virginia governor jim gilmore ended his long-shot campaign for the republican presidential nomination on friday after dismal showings in the first two contests in the race. gilmore announced his decision to quit the race in a facebook post. his departure leaves six candidate vying for the republican nomination for the nov. 8 presidential election
"(reuters) - top u.s. officials will travel to havana on feb. 16 to sign an aviation pact that restores scheduled airline service between the united states and cuba for the first time in more than 50 years
"washington (reuters) - kristie kenney
 sends bill to obama"
"aboard air force one (reuters) - the white house said on friday it will not oppose legislation approved by congress to expand sanctions against north korea after it recently conducted a rocket launch and a nuclear test. “like many members of congress
 epa to testify at house panel on flint"
 poroshenko discuss reforms needed in ukraine: white house"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives will vote on friday on legislation broadening sanctions against north korea that is expected to pass with overwhelming support
"(reuters) - louisiana governor john bel edwards presented a dire picture of the state’s fiscal situation on thursday
"washington (reuters) - a republican-controlled u.s. house of representatives panel approved legislation to privatize the u.s. air traffic control system on thursday as part of a six-year bill to authorize funding for the federal aviation administration. democrats failed in their attempt to amend the legislation to retain the flight service as part of the faa.  by a 32-26 vote along party lines
 trade enforcement bill into law: white house"
"washington (reuters) - the senate judiciary committee’s antitrust subcommittee will hear from the top u.s. antitrust bosses next month to discuss a wave of big mergers over the past year
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. department of defense will soon submit a plan to congress on how to defeat islamic state
"atherton
"new york (reuters) - a campaign advisor and longtime employee of republican presidential candidate donald trump has been appointed his social media director
"washington (reuters) - u.s. state department investigators last year issued a subpoena to the bill
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on thursday passed legislation placing a permanent ban on states’ taxing internet access
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will officially nominate acting education secretary john b. king to fill the post permanently
"washington (reuters) - republican george w. bush on monday will seek to generate a fresh burst of enthusiasm for his brother jeb bush’s white house bid in south carolina
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s clean power plan will survive despite the supreme court’s decision this week to stay a rule on cutting carbon emissions from electricity generators
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton was endorsed  by the congressional black caucus on thursday
"washington (reuters) - former virginia senator jim webb
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives speaker paul ryan said on thursday he does not see enough support to bring the trans-pacific partnership up for a vote in the chamber
"(reuters) - the puerto rico senate has approved the prepa revitalization act
 white house says"
 white house says u.s. can meet climate deal goals"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. power sector’s shift toward burning less coal and using more natural gas and renewable energy will not be derailed by the supreme court ruling against the obama administration’s limits on carbon emissions
"manchester
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate voted unanimously on wednesday to toughen sanctions on north korea over its nuclear program
 pentagon over russian engines"
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on wednesday it opposes a bill from the u.s. house of representatives that it said would undercut regulations aimed at requiring fast food and chain restaurants to disclose the calories in food they sell. but the white house stopped short of issuing a formal veto threat for the bill
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on wednesday easily passed a bill requiring federal environmental regulators to act faster when lead contamination is found in drinking water.   the bill passed 416-2. it was crafted by michigan representatives dan kildee
 obama calls for improved tone in u.s. politics"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s plan to loosen some requirements of a visa law spurred by the deadly attacks in paris met with open resistance from both democrats and republicans in the u.s. congress on wednesday. the measure
"cleveland (reuters) - ohio state legislators on wednesday passed a bill blocking state and federal funds for groups that perform or promote abortions
"harrisburg
"new york (reuters) - new york city’s fiscal watchdog said the city faces much bigger budget deficits in coming years than the mayor has forecast and warned state lawmakers about treating the city like a “piggy bank.” the state
"aboard air force one (reuters) - the white house said on wednesday that it was confident it could meet its obligations under the paris climate change agreement
 fiorina drop white house bids"
"manchester
"washington (reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie will end his campaign for the 2016 republican presidential nomination
"washington (reuters) - republican chris christie considered the future of his struggling u.s. presidential bid on wednesday amid news reports he would suspend his campaign and narrow the field of rivals facing businessman donald trump. a disappointing sixth-place finish in tuesday’s new hampshire nominating contest raised doubts about the combative new jersey governor’s viability as a candidate for the nov. 8 presidential election. the wall street journal quoted a senior adviser to the campaign as saying christie was expected to make an announcement soon suspending his campaign. other news organizations carried similar reports. a spokeswoman for christie’s campaign said no decision had been made about whether he would stay in the race. christie’s departure would leave eight republicans from a field that once had 17 candidates vying to represent the party. trump has dominated the republican race and won the party primary in new hampshire on a wave of voter anger at traditional u.s. politicians. u.s. senator bernie sanders of vermont
"washington (reuters) - a senior house republican warned on wednesday that differences among lawmakers over a spending increase could threaten plans for a more orderly budget process under house speaker paul ryan
"new york (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump and the new york daily news are not clowning around. trump fired back on twitter on wednesday against the new york daily news
 hillary clinton fails to rally women to her history-making bid"
"washington (reuters) - new jersey governor chris christie is expected to end his bid for the republican presidential nomination on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - republican leaders in the house of representatives on wednesday dismissed u.s. president barack obama’s proposed $10.25 per barrel tax on oil
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump’s odds at winning the white house improved significantly after his decisive victory in tuesday’s primary in new hampshire
 obama seeks big increase in funding"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house of representatives lawmakers will introduce bipartisan legislation on wednesday that would prohibit states from requiring tech companies to build encryption weaknesses into their products. the move marks the latest foray into an ongoing debate over encryption between silicon valley and washington. while tech companies generally oppose weakened security standards
 says u.s. could have good relations with putin"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. defense department’s fiscal year 2017 budget requests $145.8 million in support for israel
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday delivered a major blow to president barack obama by putting on hold federal regulations to curb carbon dioxide emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants
"new york (reuters) - hillary clinton’s campaign manager said on tuesday the democratic nomination for the 2016 presidential election would “very likely” be decided in march
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama proposed a $4.1 trillion spending plan for fiscal year 2017 on tuesday in a final white house budget that met immediate republican resistance for its cost and reliance on tax hikes to fund domestic priorities. obama
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon on tuesday proposed a $582.7 billion defense budget that emphasizes emerging threats from russia
"(reuters) - michigan treasurer nick khouri urged state lawmakers on tuesday to move quickly on legislation to restructure the financially ailing detroit public schools (dps) before the district runs out of money. “sometime this spring or early summer
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration has no immediate need for funding to combat the zika virus because money remains unspent from fighting the two-year-long ebola outbreak
"(reuters) - president barack obama on tuesday unveiled his budget proposal for fiscal year 2017
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate unanimously confirmed president barack obama’s nominee to be ambassador to myanmar on tuesday
"washington/san francisco (reuters) - federal reserve chair janet yellen will defend the u.s. central bank’s first rate hike in a decade and likely insist that further rises this year remain on track
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senator john mccain
"washington (reuters) - the white house’s top economic adviser
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama is proposing about $200 million in new military spending to confront islamist militants in north and west africa
"washington (reuters) - u.s. deputy defense secretary robert work said the pentagon’s plan to truncate the littoral combat ship program at 40 ships instead of 52 reflected budget pressures and was “not an indictment” of the program. lockheed martin corp (lmt.n) and australia’s austal (asb.ax) each build different models of the smaller
"new york (reuters) - pennsylvania’s $2 billion budget deficit is a “time bomb” that could cause “fiscal catastrophe the likes of which we have never seen” if it is not resolved
"washington (reuters) - military intelligence programs account for $16.8 billion of the pentagon’s overall $583 billion budget request for fiscal 2017
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on tuesday unveiled a budget that proposed $2.9 trillion in deficit reduction over 10 years
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on tuesday proposed expanding the earned income tax credit (eitc)
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama said on tuesday his budget proposal aims to bolster americans’ safety with a significant investment in cyber security with an eye toward overhauling how the federal government manages and responds to online threats. obama
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration’s plan to set federal borrowing on a sustainable path relies on stronger economic growth than what is seen by other big government agencies
"(reuters) - president barack obama is set on tuesday to unveil his budget proposal for fiscal year 2017
"new york (reuters) - one of the women who has accused former u.s. president bill clinton of sexual assault says she has agreed to work for an anti-clinton political group being formed by a former advisor to republican presidential candidate donald trump. kathleen willey
"manchester
 trump campaign shows mellower side "
"washington/london (reuters) - president barack obama will ask the u.s. congress for more than $1.8 billion in emergency funds to fight zika at home and abroad and pursue a vaccine
"(reuters) - u.s. health officials said on monday that a widespread vaccine to combat the zika virus will likely not be available for years. dr. anthony fauci
"(reuters) - michael bloomberg
"washington/manchester
"manchester
 cftc: white house"
"(reuters) - employees of u.s. companies seeking to avoid exposure to the zika virus likely have few legal avenues to either refuse travel to affected areas or sue if they actually become sick from the virus. but it may be a different story if such workers subsequently give birth to zika-infected babies. since zika was detected in brazil last year
 canada's trudeau discuss fight against islamic state: white house"
"new york (reuters) - facing a hostile congress in an election year
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. house committee on natural resources is to hold a hearing on puerto rico on feb. 25
 italy's mattarella discuss fight against islamic state in libya"
 clinton in dead heat - reuters/ipsos poll"
"new york (reuters) - a prominent democratic donor worried about the party’s chances of winning the presidency emailed dozens of fans of vice president joe biden on friday
"(reuters) - president barack obama is set on tuesday to unveil his budget proposal for fiscal year 2017
"henniker
 offering hope to rivals"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump said he does not have to win the new hampshire primary vote on tuesday to secure the nomination
 other methods in u.s. fight against islamic state"
 christie and kasich get more debate traction on social media"
"manchester
"(reuters) - two of north carolina’s congressional districts were racially gerrymandered in a 2011 redistricting and must be redrawn within two weeks
"manchester
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will propose a $2.5 billion tax credit over five years for businesses that invest in programs at local community colleges and hire their graduates
"(reuters) - stumping for democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders on tinder is getting some women banned from the online dating app after sending campaign messages to prospective matches. two women - one from iowa and the other from new jersey - confirmed to reuters on friday that they received notices from tinder in the previous 24 hours that their accounts were locked because they had been reported too many times for peppering men on the site with messages promoting sanders’ candidacy. robyn gedrich
"washington (reuters) - barack obama might seem an unlikely investor in the firearms industry. but the u.s. president
 politics boost gun shares"
"washington (reuters) - colombian president juan manuel santos said on friday that republican members of the u.s. congress had indicated their continuing support for colombia’s effort to achieve peace with leftist rebels and recover from years of civil war. his comments
"(reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump said on friday he will attend a fox news televised debate on march 3 with moderator megyn kelly after he skipped a similar event hosted by fox last week
"detroit (reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder said on friday he wants officials to focus on solving problems around lead-contaminated drinking water in the city of flint instead of laying blame as he said some have been doing. “there are a number of folk out there that are spending their time mainly on the political side and the blame side
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden will travel to mexico city on february 24-25 to lead a delegation for the u.s.-mexico high level economic dialogue
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said americans should feel good about the economy after the latest jobs report on friday showed the u.s. unemployment rate at an eight-year low of 4.9 percent. obama
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said americans should feel good about the economy after the latest jobs report on friday showed the u.s. unemployment rate at an eight-year low of 4.9 percent. obama
 clinton and sanders both claim 'progressive' mantle "
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on friday it expects to have to compromise on elements of the federal budget president barack obama will submit to u.s. lawmakers next week. “our expectation is not that congress is just going to pass every single line item that’s included in our budget
"new york (reuters) - advocates fighting to close the u.s. gender pay gap hailed president barack obama’s proposal to expand salary reporting requirements but said much more was needed to end wage discrimination.  under the plan
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate chris christie has dismissed him as a puppet and former mentor jeb bush called him not fit to serve as up-and-coming republican marco rubio becomes the man to beat in next week’s new hampshire primary. rubio’s unexpectedly strong third-place showing in monday’s iowa caucuses has made him the target of rival republican candidates who focused their campaigns on the new england state’s first-in-the-nation primary. christie
"washington (reuters) - donors say republican jeb bush’s u.s. presidential campaign has not given them a green light to switch to rival establishment candidate marco rubio
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on thursday he would ask the u.s. congress for more than $450 million in aid to help colombia end “half a century of wrenching conflict” and implement a peace accord aimed at ending latin america’s longest war. if approved
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration next week will propose a 1.6 percent pay increase for federal employees
"(reuters) - president barack obama is set on tuesday to unveil his budget proposal for fiscal year 2017
 light-rail system in speech"
"houston (reuters) - an anti-abortion activist indicted for using a fake driver’s license id to aid secret filming inside planned parenthood facilities turned himself into authorities in houston on thursday and was offered a probation deal
 powell got classified info on personal email accounts"
 hard times"
"washington (reuters) - senate democrats teamed up with some of their republican counterparts on thursday and blocked a wide-ranging u.s. energy bill in a fight over aid to flint
"new york (reuters) - new york city mayor bill de blasio will back a $2.5 billion plan to create a light rail service linking the city’s outer boroughs when he gives his annual keynote speech on thursday the 16-mile track would run from astoria in queens
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator rob portman on thursday said he opposes the trans-pacific partnership trade deal in its present form
 city manager of texas 'spinach capital' arrested for corruption"
"(reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate ben carson said he intends to continue campaigning through the republican national convention in july after a report on thursday said he planned a major downsizing of his flagging campaign. the washington post reported that carson planned to eliminate 50 staff positions
"(reuters) - pennsylvania governor tom wolf is expected to unveil his proposal for the state’s 2017 budget on tuesday even though state lawmakers have yet to fully agree on the current spending plan that has languished half-baked as political acrimony has escalated. the state still has only a partial $23.4 billion emergency budget in place nearly a year after wolf made his 2016 budget proposal the first time
 endorses rubio"
"(reuters) - u.s. civil rights activist deray mckesson
"louisville
"washington (reuters) - a senate committee approved on thursday president barack obama’s pick to lead u.s. and international forces in afghanistan. lieutenant general john nicholson’s approval by the senate armed services committee came during a hearing with the outgoing u.s. commander in afghanistan
"washington (reuters) - senate agriculture committee chairman pat roberts is turning up the heat on the u.s. derivatives and commodities regulator over an accounting error that could mean it has deficient funds. roberts
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. navy is investigating a rise in health issues reported since 2009 by pilots of boeing co f/a-18 and ea-18g fighter jets
"(reuters) - democratic presidential hopefuls bernie sanders and hillary clinton battled over their progressive credentials at a town hall on wednesday
"catonsville
"san diego (reuters) - u.s. senator mark kirk on wednesday introduced legislation that would give the pentagon more flexibility in funding electronic warfare programs and speed often sluggish acquisition times. current acquisition rules make it tough for the u.s. military to quickly procure and field electronic warfare weapons systems before they are overtaken by developments around the world. kirk
 hostage release"
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will propose tailoring the controversial “cadillac tax” on expensive private health insurance plans to reflect regional differences when he releases his 2017 budget plan next week
"henniker
"new york (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump on wednesday accused rival ted cruz of stealing a victory in the iowa caucuses and called for another vote or nullification of cruz’s win. trump
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican rand paul suspended his 2016 presidential bid on wednesday after his small-government campaign failed to gain traction with voters. the u.s. senator from kentucky was the second republican candidate
"washington (reuters) - legislation to bypass the u.s. labor department and have congress set standards for brokers who give retirement advice passed a major committee on wednesday and is now headed to the full house of representatives. although the bill faces slim chances of becoming law
"washington (reuters) - republican senator pat toomey of pennsylvania on wednesday endorsed florida senator marco rubio for the party’s nominee in the november u.s. presidential election. “i think marco rubio is the strongest candidate to go up against hillary clinton ... but my real motivation is i think he’s going to be a really good president
"washington (reuters) - u.s. lawmakers criticized environmental officials at a hearing on wednesday for not acting sooner when they saw a report that drinking water in flint
"washington (reuters) - u.s. house speaker paul ryan on wednesday called on his fellow conservatives to unify in an election year
 rubio becomes ripe target for rivals"
"washington (reuters) - the chair of the house of representatives appropriations committee introduced a bill on wednesday that would channel $1 billion to revitalize battered coal-producing communities. house appropriations chair hal rogers
"new york (reuters) - connecticut governor dannel malloy delivered a downbeat address on wednesday
"henniker
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate rick santorum plans to suspend his campaign for the white house later on wednesday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama was set on wednesday to make his first visit to a u.s. mosque
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton wants to set the record straight on donald trump: “we were not friends.” “we knew each other
"washington (reuters) - a political fight over the federal government’s role in michigan’s water contamination crisis spilled onto the u.s. senate floor on wednesday as democrats threatened to block a bipartisan energy bill if it fails to include immediate aid for the city of flint. democratic senator debbie stabenow of michigan told reporters that a “solid agreement” that appeared to be in hand on tuesday now seemed to be falling apart. “as a senator from michigan
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said on wednesday he had invited u.s. health and human services secretary sylvia burwell to brief lawmakers on efforts over the zika virus. mcconnell
"exeter
"milford
"new york (reuters) - it may be too close to call between democratic presidential candidates hillary clinton and bernie sanders in the iowa caucuses on monday
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate ted cruz apologized to ben carson on tuesday over an email his campaign sent on monday night that implied carson was about to drop out of the race and that his iowa backers should be urged to vote for cruz instead. a staffer for cruz sent the email after rumors began circulating that carson would return to florida following iowa’s caucuses on monday rather than go straight to new hampshire or south carolina
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives narrowly approved legislation on tuesday that would restrict president barack obama’s ability to lift sanctions under the international nuclear deal with iran
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives on tuesday failed to override president barack obama’s veto of legislation that would have dismantled his signature healthcare law
 republican leaders seek elusive common ground in white house meeting"
"(reuters) - british singer adele made clear on monday that she has not given permission for anyone to use her music for political campaigns. adele’s spokesman issued a statement after republican u.s. presidential contender donald trump played adele’s 2011 hit song “rolling in the deep” at rallies in iowa
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama wants to boost u.s. aid to colombia to help remove landmines and implement the government’s peace accord with a leftist rebel group
"des moines
 trump least likely to hit 'follow' button on twitter "
"des moines
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama highlighted five legislative priorities in a meeting on tuesday with republican congressional leaders
"new york (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate ted cruz’s victory on monday in corn-rich iowa could represent a major blow to the country’s controversial biofuels program
"detroit (reuters) - detroit public schools’ emergency manager darnell earley is stepping down later this month
"(reuters) - after what seemed like a very long silence by his standards
 betting sites say"
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon’s next five-year budget proposal seeks over $13 billion in funding for a new submarine to carry nuclear ballistic missiles
"des moines (reuters) - texas senator ted cruz was victorious in the first republican nomination contest of the 2016 white house race
"washington (reuters) - mike huckabee suspended his bid for the republican presidential nomination on monday night
 they mostly listen"
"(reuters) - minnesota governor mark dayton was released on monday from a hospital where he was treated after fainting during an event
"chicago (reuters) - democrats from pennsylvania’s congressional delegation sent a letter to a federal rail regulator on monday raising concerns over the possible negative impacts of a merger between canadian pacific and norfolk southern corp. the letter sent to the surface transportation board raised concerns over the impact it could have on railroad jobs in pennsylvania and said the merger could lead to “disinvestment” in rail infrastructure in the state.  senator bob casey and five members of the u.s. house of representatives
 cruz tamp down expectations for uncertain iowa vote"
 puerto rico with republican leaders: white house"
"washington (reuters) - republicans plan to bring a bill addressing puerto rico’s debt crisis to the floor of the u.s. house of representatives by the end of march
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will ask congress for $755 million in his budget next week to jumpstart cancer research in a “moonshot” push to find cancer cures and treatments
"washington (reuters) - anyone seeking a table at carmine’s italian restaurant near capitol hill on a tuesday or wednesday needs to battle a mid-week crush of congress members and their staff. but mondays are far quieter — just like the floor of congress. there are usually around nine events on a monday
"des moines
"new york (reuters) - a 26-year-old former campaign staffer for republican presidential hopeful donald trump has accused the campaign of sex discrimination
 not 20s"
 citing email controversy
"new york (reuters) - the 2016 contenders for the white house have used social media platforms such as twitter and facebook as campaign tools to an extent not seen previously in u.s. presidential politics. but usage and tactics vary widely across the campaigns of the 11 top republicans and three top democrats in the race. (graphic: tmsnrt.rs/1uvtse2) following are some key social media usage and engagement statistics on the major candidates’ campaigns. social media data were gathered on republicans donald trump; ben carson; marco rubio; ted cruz; jeb bush; john kasich; chris christie; carly fiorina; rand paul; mike huckabee; and rick santorum; and on democrats hillary clinton; bernie sanders; and martin o’malley.     the 2016 presidential candidates with the most followers
 ex-cia chief david petraeus to receive no further punishment"
"iowa city
"des moines
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will make his first visit as president to a u.s. mosque next week in a defense of religious freedom
 kasich win new york times endorsement in u.s. presidential race"
"(reuters) - the new york times editorial board on saturday said ohio governor john kasich was the “only plausible choice” in the race for the republican nomination in the u.s. presidential election. the editorial board said that
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department conceded for the first time on friday that intelligence officials were correct to say that at least 22 emails sent through hillary clinton’s private server contain some of the government’s most sensitive secrets. the seven email chains from clinton’s time as secretary of state
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration announced plans to expand wage reporting requirements for private businesses on friday
"quebec city (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state john kerry on friday said he could not comment on private email chains of his predecessor hillary clinton
 republican debate has second lowest rating"
"richmond
 cypriot president anastasiades discuss cyprus settlement: white house"
 mcconnell next week: white house"
"washington (reuters) - seven email chains from the private server hillary clinton used when she was u.s. secretary of state are being withheld from public release for containing “top secret” material
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden spoke by phone with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu on friday
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will host colombian president juan manuel santos at the white house next week
"des moines
"los angeles (reuters) - the republican presidential debate held without front-runner donald trump attracted 12.5 million viewers to fox news channel on thursday
"des moines
 wins on social media"
"washington (reuters) - the two u.s. senators representing california said on friday they will propose a federal task force to investigate the cause and response to the massive natural gas leak near los angeles. democratic senators barbara boxer and dianne feinstein announced they will introduce an amendment to a national energy bill being debated by the senate that would direct u.s. energy secretary ernest moniz to lead a task force that will recommend how to solve the ongoing methane leak and prevent future incidents. southern california gas company’s aliso canyon natural gas storage facility
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on friday his top legislative affairs aide
 crime with new group: usa today"
"washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senator elizabeth warren released on friday a report criticizing what she called “shockingly weak” punishments for corporate crimes and condemned the justice department and securities and exchange commission for their lax approach. warren
"des moines
"(reuters) - hillary clinton agreed on thursday to some of the terms laid down by an opponent
 possible u.s. involvement"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate donald trump on wednesday escalated a fight with fox news
"(reuters) - republican presidential front-runner donald trump won the endorsement on tuesday of joe arpaio
"(reuters) - shares of valeant pharmaceuticals international inc (vrx.n) fell on thursday after the campaign of democratic presidential contender hillary clinton posted a blog from an iowa event detailing exorbitant price hikes for a migraine drug made by the company. at an iowa town hall over the weekend
"washington (reuters) - former arkansas governor mike huckabee
" new york (reuters) - there were stays at boutique hotels featuring rooftop pools
"washington (reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder on thursday extended a state of emergency in flint until april 14
"washington (reuters) - five u.s. republican lawmakers raised concerns on thursday with the obama administration about implementation of a law meant to make it harder for people to enter the united states if they have visited certain countries
"(reuters) - a third-party presidential run by michael bloomberg would be a long shot for the former new york city mayor but could help real estate mogul donald trump if he lands the republican nomination
 trans-atlantic deal elusive"
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate committee approved legislation on thursday that would broaden sanctions on north korea over its nuclear program
"baltimore (reuters) - the u.s.-led battle against islamic state militants controlling parts of iraq and syria is gaining steam and will show more progress by year’s end
"chicago (reuters) - a federal judge on thursday postponed until april the sentencing date for dennis hastert
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. senate committee approved president barack obama’s nominee to be ambassador to myanmar on thursday
 campaign says"
 rhode island mayor vincent 'buddy' cianci dies"
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. treasury official’s assessment that russian president vladimir putin is corrupt “best reflects the administration’s view
"new york (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders is in “overall very good health
"adel
 says president will remain neutral in primary race"
"(reuters) - republican presidential frontrunner donald trump is seen as not as religious as other republican candidates
"washington (reuters) - the white house on wednesday declined to comment on the latest so-called tax-inversion deal by a major u.s. company
"(reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder on wednesday appointed a group of government officials
"springfield
"washington (reuters) - a senior u.s. senate republican took a swipe on wednesday at an effort to forge a new deal on the movement of electronic data between the united states and europe
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. senate on wednesday began debate on the country’s first major energy bill in over eight years
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell on wednesday said he was weighing options to help deal with puerto rico’s fiscal crisis but that any move by congress to help the territorial island cannot cost u.s. taxpayers any money. mcconnell
 michigan
"san juan (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats
"marshalltown
 campaign manager says: ny times"
"washington (reuters) - the leader of an influential christian conservative lobbying group said on tuesday he backs senator ted cruz for the u.s. republican presidential nomination. tony perkins
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate armed services committee chairman john mccain on wednesday said he planned to introduce legislation that would strike language included in a massive 2016 spending bill that eased a congressional ban on the use of russian rocket engines. mccain told a hearing on the issue that he and house majority leader kevin mccarthy would introduce the legislation on thursday
 says murray"
"nashua
"washington (reuters) - former republican presidential candidate george pataki endorsed marco rubio for the party’s presidential nomination on tuesday
"(reuters) - u.s. democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton would be “happy” to participate in an additional debate beyond those already planned if the other candidates agree
"(reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump said on tuesday that “most likely i won’t be doing the debate” on fox news in des moines
"new york (reuters) - a u.s. news channel and a newspaper will host a debate for the democratic presidential contenders in new hampshire a few days before the state’s primary election
 sanders to meet at white house on wednesday: white house"
"washington (reuters) - eight republican candidates have qualified for the prime-time fox news/google debate on thursday
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump on tuesday won the endorsement of evangelical christian leader jerry falwell jr. for the party’s 2016 presidential nomination
 citing industry ties"
"manchester
"(reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump doubled down on his threat to stay away from an upcoming republican debate
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama will propose in his upcoming budget measures to help more than 30 million americans save for retirement
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama in an opinion piece published in the washington post on monday announced that he is banning solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump
 a flood of criticism for christie follows storm"
 sanders vie for pivotal iowa vote"
"(reuters) - a business group said on monday it was asking the u.s. supreme court to hear its appeal of a lower-court ruling tossing out its challenge of part of seattle’s law to increase the minimum wage. the international franchise association
"(reuters) - u.s. republican presidential front-runner donald trump said on monday he was “not 100 percent” certain he would participate in a debate this week co-hosted by fox news channel (foxa.o) because he did not think moderator megyn kelly could treat him fairly. trump told cnn he would probably participate
 obama boosts clinton's pitch to democratic voters"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary ash carter is scheduled to preview the pentagon’s fiscal 2017 budget request in a speech on feb. 2
"(reuters) - bernie sanders got his sweetest endorsement yet on monday when one of the founders of ben & jerry’s unveiled an ice cream flavor for the democratic presidential hopeful
"(reuters) - democratic u.s. senator edward markey of massachusetts said on monday he placed a hold on president barack obama’s nominee to head the food and drug administration until the agency agrees to reform its process for approving opioid painkillers. markey wants opioid-approval matters to be reviewed by an fda advisory committee and believes the committee should consider the risk of addiction and abuse during the approval process. he also wants the agency to rescind approval of oxycontin for children and convene an advisory panel to guide that process. “last year
"winston-salem
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court’s decision to uphold a federal rule for electricity markets that encouraged grid operators to pay large users to reduce consumption at peak times is good news for consumers and clean energy
"washington (reuters) - vermont senator bernie sanders has had the “luxury of being a complete long shot” so far in the race to be the u.s. democratic presidential candidate
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on monday rejected north dakota’s bid to revive a restrictive republican-backed law struck down by a lower court that would ban most abortions once a fetal heartbeat can be detected
 over 1
 turkey's erdogan discuss fight against islamic state"
 clinton cool to bloomberg's possible entry into 2016 race"
"(reuters) - michael bloomberg
"pella
"new york/washington (reuters) - the des moines register
"sacramento
"san juan/washington (reuters) - democratic u.s. senators have drafted a letter to republican senate majority leader mitch mcconnell insisting legislation designed to solve puerto rico’s debt crisis should include a mechanism for the island to restructure its debt
"san juan/new york (reuters) - chances of puerto rico’s power utility prepa reaching a deal with creditors to restructure its $8 billion debt were cast in uncertainty on friday as one deadline passed and the utility baulked at the new terms offered for a new one. puerto rican lawmakers’ failure to vote by friday on legislation needed to make the restructuring deal work prompted a group of bondholders to offer to extend the deadline until feb. 12
"new york (reuters) - the u.s. state department asked a judge on friday for a one-month extension to finish publicly releasing thousands of emails sent by democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton while she was secretary of state
"istanbul (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden said on friday that turkey
"des moines (reuters) - republican front-runner candidate donald trump has a big lead in the race for the 2016 presidential nomination nationally
"des moines (reuters) - an influential conservative magazine’s rejection of donald trump’s presidential candidacy triggered a fire storm on friday
"chicago (reuters) - former u.s. house speaker dennis hastert
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. government will set up a new agency to do background checks on employees and contractors
"washington (reuters) - michigan legislators need to pass legislation quickly to overhaul detroit’s beleaguered public schools before courts intervene
 drawing outrage"
"washington (reuters) - in its latest move to combat climate change
"(reuters) - the interior department’s bureau of land management on friday announced its plans to update 30-year-old rules for oil and gas production on federal land to limit the “wasteful release” of natural gas and curb methane emissions. the effort is part of president barack obama’s broader climate change strategy based on executive actions
"des moines (reuters) - an influential conservative magazine published an editorial on thursday urging republicans to rally against front-running presidential candidate donald trump
"davos
"(reuters) - oregon’s governor blasted the federal government’s response to the occupation of a wildlife refuge by a group of armed men saying the situation was “absolutely intolerable” and costing the state about $100
"washington/chicago (reuters) - the head of the midwest region of the u.s. environmental protection agency offered her resignation over the water contamination crisis in flint
 warns of challenges"
"washington (reuters) - in a big victory for the obama administration
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday that it was pleased that a u.s. appellate court had denied a bid by 27 states to block the obama administration’s clean power plan while litigation challenging the regulation continues. “we are confident that the plan will reduce carbon pollution and deliver better air quality
"sacramento
 california governor brown tells lawmakers"
 n.j.
 'embarrassing' but candor 'hit a vein'"
" davos
"washington (reuters) - the united states on thursday began implementing restrictions to its visa waiver program under a law passed after last year’s paris attacks that makes it harder for citizens of some countries to visit. several of the islamic state attackers who killed 130 people in france held european passports that would have allowed them to easily enter the united states under the former system. citizens of the 38
 lawmakers clash ahead of congressional hearing "
"chicago (reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder and other officials will be called to testify next month to a congressional panel about the crisis over lead-contaminated water in the city of flint
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will ensure that federal officials are held accountable if any wrongdoing is uncovered in the u.s. environmental protection agency’s handling of the water contamination crisis in flint
"washington (reuters) - the nominee to be the next u.s. army secretary told lawmakers on thursday that cutting the size of the force had increased the risk to american security and that further reductions would require a rethinking of the army’s role and priorities. eric fanning
"(reuters) - fox news channel said on thursday it would join with google to host the republican presidential primary debate to be held on  jan. 28 in des moines
"chicago (reuters) - illinois governor bruce rauner and republican legislative leaders said on thursday they will endorse what they called a senate democratic approach to curbing the state’s $111 billion unfunded pension liability. but senate president john cullerton
 texas leads legal push-back"
 disclosures show"
"norwalk
"harrisburg
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court challenge to president barack obama’s immigration policies could have an impact far beyond determining whether millions of undocumented immigrants can remain in the country. the case has the potential to constrain the power of obama’s successor to bypass congress and act alone.  should obama’s order blocking deportations for certain immigrants be invalidated by the justices
"san juan (reuters) - u.s. treasury secretary jack lew on wednesday said that while the obama administration was ready to do all it could to help debt-ridden puerto rico
"washington (reuters) - legislation that would grant u.s. privacy rights to europeans is being delayed in the u.s. senate
"washington (reuters) - u.s. senate democrats on wednesday narrowly blocked legislation that would slow the entry of refugees from syria and iraq to the united states in a contentious vote cloaked in presidential election-year politics. the vote was 55-43
"washington/new york (reuters) - a u.s. congressional committee has demanded that former drug executive martin shkreli appear at a hearing on drug prices to testify about his former company’s decision to raise the price of a lifesaving medicine by more than 5
"detroit (reuters) - president barack obama
"(reuters) - martin shkreli
 prisoners"
"(reuters) - a pastor from idaho who was among five american prisoners released by iran over the weekend will return to the united states on thursday from germany
"washington (reuters) - federal reserve chair janet yellen will appear before the u.s. house of representatives financial services committee on feb. 10 to deliver the central bank’s semi-annual monetary policy report
"chicago (reuters) - illinois’ two top republican legislators said on wednesday they will introduce legislation soon to let the state take over the cash-strapped chicago public school system
"washington (reuters) - a battle over gun ownership between president barack obama and the republican-controlled u.s. congress kicked off on wednesday as lawmakers began weighing whether to fund the administration’s unilateral moves to tighten background checks on buyers. this month
"detroit (reuters) - back in 2008
 greece's tsipras discuss economic reforms: white house"
 open to sanders"
"lansing
"washington (reuters) - if the u.s. supreme court endorses a key immigration initiative of president barack obama protecting more than 4 million illegal immigrants from deportation
"davos
"ames
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate ben carson canceled public  events on tuesday after a van carrying three volunteers and a campaign staffer slid on ice in iowa
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama will meet with the mayor of flint
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court on tuesday paved the way for a major ruling on the limits of presidential powers
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on tuesday it is pleased that the u.s. supreme court agreed to review the immigration case. “we are confident that the policies will be upheld as lawful
"washington (reuters) - for a republican party trying to woo hispanic voters
 tapping reserves to fix budget gap"
"(reuters) - atlantic city’s mayor said on tuesday that bankruptcy was “back on the table” after new jersey governor chris christie vetoed legislation considered essential to the distressed gambling hub’s tax base and cash flow.  “if the state is not able to come up with the funding we need within the next few weeks
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidates took swipes on tuesday at the lifting of sanctions against iran
 cites 'big oil'"
 australia's turnbull pledge more cooperation on counterterrorism"
"davos
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. supreme court
"london (reuters) - british lawmakers on monday debated a petition to ban u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump from britain over remarks on muslims
"coralville
"new york (reuters) - puerto rico
"washington (reuters) - hillary clinton has distanced herself from president barack obama on a number of high-profile issues since starting her bid for the white house. now
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate jeb bush on monday outlined an education reform plan that would take much decision-making away from the federal government and give it to state and local school authorities. bush
"washington/new york (reuters) - ted wade hasn’t cared about politics enough to cast a vote in a u.s. presidential election for almost a quarter of a century
"charleston
"charleston
 rubio say iran prisoner swap a 'dangerous precedent'"
"washington - u.s. president barack obama on saturday laid out a plan to help support the income of workers who lose their jobs and end up in lower paying positions
 cruz escalate attacks on each other"
 cruz erupt in bitter fight at republican debate"
 cruz strengthen in presidential race"
"washington - the chairman of a u.s. house committee that oversees child abuse issues opened an inquiry friday into whether the federal government is failing to enforce a law meant to protect thousands of babies born dependent on drugs each year. the inquiry
 bill clinton not a big factor among u.s. voters: poll"
"new york - democrat hillary clinton plans to pour half of her presidential campaign’s budget into advertising in the first three months of this year as she seeks to fend off an increasingly tough challenge from chief rival bernie sanders
"baltimore - the prospect of running for re-election with donald trump at the top of the republican ticket was worrying some party lawmakers as they huddled for an annual retreat
 n.j.
"new york (reuters) - a texas lawyer has filed the first suit seeking clarification on whether republican candidate ted cruz is eligible to be president because he was born in canada. newton schwartz
"new york (reuters) - ted cruz - be careful who you mess with. never shy in defense of their city
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. missile defense agency (mda) said on friday it had dropped a site in redington township
"waukee
"chicago (reuters) - a group of black pastors boycotted chicago mayor rahm emanuel’s annual martin luther king breakfast on friday
"detroit (reuters) - michigan governor rick snyder has asked president barack obama to declare both an emergency and an expedited major disaster in the county where the city of flint has been dealing with the fallout from lead-contaminated drinking water. snyder said on late thursday that he requested federal aid in genesee county to protect the safety of flint residents. earlier this week
"washington (reuters) - a u.s. congressional panel has asked pharmaceutical entrepreneur martin shkreli to testify at a jan. 26 hearing about his company’s decision to raise the price of a life-saving prescription drug
"washington (reuters) - the white house has received an updated proposal from the pentagon to close the guantanamo prison for foreign terrorism suspects
 to tweak restructuring plan: official"
 first review in decades"
 guns top on social media during u.s. republican debate"
"washington (reuters) - iran has made important progress in its effort to implement the international agreement to curtail its nuclear program
washington (reuters) - the white house on friday said it will rely on international experts to ensure that iran is living up to its commitments to curtail its nuclear program. white house spokesman josh earnest said the international atomic energy agency’s (iaea) report on iran’s compliance with the nuclear agreement is more than a technicality and there is ample reason to distrust iran. 
"charleston
"washington (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential hopeful donald trump called for higher tariffs on chinese goods if china does not stop allowing its yuan currency to devalue. trump reiterated a call he has made for a 45 percent tariff to offset devaluation. the billionaire businessman also criticized japan
"washington (reuters) - democratic presidential candidate martin o’malley
"washington (reuters) - a quarter of republicans think white house hopeful ted cruz is disqualified to serve as u.s. president because he was born in canada to an american mother
 cruz tensions may provide liveliest republican debate yet"
"washington (reuters) - the obama administration will announce as soon as friday an overhaul of how the united states manages coal development on federal land
"(reuters) - new jersey taxpayers will owe $2.62 million for roughly a year’s worth of work by a team of professionals called in to help turn around the distressed gambling hub atlantic city
"(reuters) - new jersey taxpayers will owe $2.62 million for roughly a year’s worth of work by a team of professionals called in to help turn around the distressed gambling hub atlantic city
"sacramento
"(reuters) - michigan would tap its $575 million fiscal 2015 budget surplus to cover costs related to flint’s water crisis
"augusta
"washington (reuters) - refugee advocates said on thursday the obama administration is sending mixed signals to central american migrants by deporting families who have fled to the united states while increasing resources in the crime-ridden region for asylum seekers. secretary of state john kerry announced on wednesday that the united states would work with the united nations high commissioner for refugees to expand opportunities for people from el salvador
 cancer research"
"washington (reuters) - republican ben carson’s presidential campaign faced additional turmoil on thursday with the resignation of his top finance aide
"(reuters) - republican presidential candidate ted cruz failed to disclose to the federal election commission a loan from goldman sachs for as much as $500
"washington (reuters) - republican presidential candidate donald trump has said the armed standoff at a national wildlife refuge in oregon had gone on “too long
"london (reuters) - u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump hit out at former scottish first minister alex salmond on thursday
 cruz tensions may provide liveliest republican debate yet"
 a moment of truth in race to lead u.s."
"(reuters) - kansas governor sam brownback has ordered state officials to cut off funding for planned parenthood and its affiliates through the state medicaid program
 pennsylvania's former controller indicted on fraud charge"
 obama talks with worried american mom"
"seoul (reuters) - south korea warned north korea on wednesday that the united states and its allies were working on sanctions to inflict “bone-numbing pain” after its latest nuclear test
"washington (reuters) - the united states will expand its program helping the thousands of people fleeing violence in el salvador
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama’s state of the union pledge to better manage fossil fuel development will face a test within days
 a moment of truth in race to lead u.s."
"(reuters) - the white house attracted pungent waggery on wednesday after using the arcane theme of a big block of cheese to lure people into a post-state of the union online conversation with administration officials.  the social media event was inspired by president andrew jackson’s 1837 open house featuring a 1
 caps spending"
"washington (reuters) - donald trump was not in the room during u.s. president barack obama’s final state of the union speech
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. house of representatives plans to reconsider legislation to restrict president barack obama’s ability to lift sanctions on iran under an international nuclear deal after its passage was canceled on wednesday when too few members voted. obama
 voices optimism "
"(reuters) - millennnials in the west of the united states showed the strongest support for president barack obama’s final state of the union address
"new york (reuters) - puerto rico’s long-awaited audited 2014 fiscal statements are close to release and should be ready by the end of january or the beginning of february
 jordan's king abdullah hold meeting at military base"
"(reuters) - president barack obama knocked republican presidential candidates for anti-muslim rhetoric and accused critics on tuesday of playing into the hands of islamic state in a speech aimed at setting an optimistic tone for his last year in office. obama
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president barack obama on tuesday pledged to undertake a historic push to develop a cure for cancer
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama on tuesday said he would seek changes in the way u.s. oil and coal resources are managed
"washington (reuters) - half of all americans support president barack obama’s executive actions on gun control
"detroit (reuters) - the obama administration will announce efforts to boost self-driving cars on thursday
 civility in republican reply to obama"
"seoul (reuters) - footage released last week by north korea purporting to show the firing of a submarine-launched ballistic missile (slbm) appears to be fake
"washington (reuters) - u.s. presidential candidate democrat bernie sanders voted on tuesday in favor of a bill that would require audits of federal reserve monetary policy decisions
"seoul (reuters) - china should play a key and proper role in response to north korea’s fourth nuclear test as a permanent member of the un security council
"seoul (reuters) - if south korea develops nuclear weapons in response to north korea’s fourth nuclear test it would be breaking its “promise” with the world
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden praised democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders for tapping into americans’ concerns about growing income inequality
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama called on tuesday for america to fix its political system to stop the practice of gerrymandering congressional districts
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said on tuesday that he was willing to work with republican speaker paul ryan on reforms to address poverty
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama warned against overstating the fight against islamic state militants in his state of the union speech on tuesday
"manchester
"washington (reuters) - president barack obama said he could envision republican presidential candidate donald trump giving a state of the union address - but in a comedy skit. obama and his vice president
"ames
 remanded for another 14 days"
"dubai (reuters) - kuwait s deputy foreign minister said on wednesday that the six-nation gulf cooperation council would continue to operate despite a row among three of its members and qatar that it has unsuccessfully sought to mediate. saudi arabia
"abuja (reuters) - the united states has formally agreed to sell 12 super tucano a-29 planes and weapons to nigeria
"beirut (reuters) - syrian rebels in a pocket of land near where the syrian
 white house says"
"moscow (reuters) - russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin said on wednesday the failed launch of a 2.6 billion-rouble ($44.95 million) satellite last month was due to an embarrassing programming error. russian space agency roscosmos said last month it had lost contact with the newly-launched weather satellite - the meteor-m - after it blasted off from russia s new vostochny cosmodrome in the far east. eighteen smaller satellites belonging to scientific
"misrata
 russia offers to mediate"
 lavrov agree to continue north korea diplomacy: u.s. state department"
"wellington (reuters) - israel s ambassador to new zealand on wednesday appealed to the pop star lorde to meet him after she canceled a show in tel aviv after appeals from activists for her to shun israel as a protest against its treatment of palestinians. itzhak gerberg
 remanded for another 14 days"
"dubai (reuters) - kuwait s deputy foreign minister said on wednesday that the six-nation gulf cooperation council would continue to operate despite a row among three of its members and qatar that it has unsuccessfully sought to mediate. saudi arabia
"abuja (reuters) - the united states has formally agreed to sell 12 super tucano a-29 planes and weapons to nigeria
"beirut (reuters) - syrian rebels in a pocket of land near where the syrian
 white house says"
"moscow (reuters) - russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin said on wednesday the failed launch of a 2.6 billion-rouble ($44.95 million) satellite last month was due to an embarrassing programming error. russian space agency roscosmos said last month it had lost contact with the newly-launched weather satellite - the meteor-m - after it blasted off from russia s new vostochny cosmodrome in the far east. eighteen smaller satellites belonging to scientific
"misrata
 russia offers to mediate"
 lavrov agree to continue north korea diplomacy: u.s. state department"
"wellington (reuters) - israel s ambassador to new zealand on wednesday appealed to the pop star lorde to meet him after she canceled a show in tel aviv after appeals from activists for her to shun israel as a protest against its treatment of palestinians. itzhak gerberg
"beijing (reuters) - china will bring its paramilitary police force
"(reuters) - myanmar  feels sad  over a u.s. decision to sanction a military general
 uae diplomat says arabs won't be led by turkey"
"dubai (reuters) - iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said on wednesday u.s. president donald trump would fail in his hardened stance towards iran
 says impossible to continue with him"
"(reuters) - major governments
"moscow (reuters) - opposition leader alexei navalny announced on wednesday a series of rallies across russia in january to press home his call for a boycott of next year s presidential election
 says south"
 thanks kuczynski for pardon"
"benghazi
"santiago (reuters) - chile said on tuesday that it would beef up border policing ahead of a wave of visitors likely to arrive in the country from argentina next month during a visit of pope francis.  with less than three weeks until the pope s arrival
 killing one"
"beirut (reuters) - russia has promised that the autonomous region controlled by kurds in northern syria will be represented at peace talks it is hosting next month
 delayed election"
"dubai (reuters) - a saudi arabian businessman whose family s commercial empire is involved in a multi-billion dollar debt dispute has been released from detention in the kingdom s eastern province
480 cases linked to app used by coup suspects"
"harare (reuters) - retired army chief constantino chiwenga and veteran politician kembo mohadi will be sworn in as zimbabwe s vice presidents on thursday
"moscow (reuters) - russia will supply turkey with four batteries of s-400 surface-to-air missiles for $2.5 billion under a deal that is almost complete
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel wants to name a train station after donald trump to thank him for recognizing jerusalem as its capital
"mexico city (reuters) - mired in allegations of corruption
"douala (reuters) - a prize-winning new york-based cameroonian novelist will be freed from jail and expelled from his native country after being held for nearly three weeks on charges of insulting and threatening the president
"moscow (reuters) - president vladimir putin formally registered his re-election bid on wednesday
"paris (reuters) - president emmanuel macron has said his government could consider changes in the relationship between mainland france and corsica
"paris (reuters) - president emmanuel macron has said his government could consider changes in the relationship between mainland france and corsica
"beijing/hong kong (reuters) - china s parliament on wednesday said part of a high-speed railway station being built in hong kong would be regarded as mainland territory governed by mainland laws
"hanoi (reuters) - a vietnamese court on wednesday sentenced 15 people to multiple years in jail for plotting to bomb the country s biggest airport in the southern city of ho chi minh
"moscow (reuters) - moscow will limit the scope of u.s. military observation flights over russia from jan. 1 next year in retaliation for u.s. curbs on similar russian flights over the united states
"kuala lumpur (reuters) - an australian mother of three escaped the death penalty on wednesday after a malaysian court found her not guilty of drug trafficking.  maria elvira pinto exposto
"tashkent (reuters) - uzbekistan s finance ministry has sacked 562 employees after president shavkat mirziyoyev ordered it to root out inefficiency and get rid of what he had called  rats  tarnishing its reputation
"seoul (reuters) - japan said on wednesday any attempt by south korea to revise a 2015 deal meant to have resolved a row over  comfort women  forced to work in japan s wartime brothels would make relations  unmanageable  after seoul said the agreement had failed. the two u.s. allies
"new york (reuters) - new york city has quietly begun removing some of the corroding yellow nuclear fallout shelter signs that were appended to thousands of buildings in the 1960s
"berlin (reuters) - if angela merkel becomes german chancellor again
 germany urge china to release jailed activist"
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron called for a  complete lifting  of a blockade on yemen in a telephone call with saudi arabia s king salman on dec. 24
"tunis (reuters) - the number of foreign tourists in tunisia rose by 23 percent in 2017 compared with the previous year
"moscow (reuters) - the chief of the russian general staff has accused the united states of training former islamic state fighters in syria to try to destabilize the country. general valery gerasimov s allegations
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on wednesday the main part of the battle with islamic state in syria was over
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese foreign minister taro kono said on wednesday that any attempt to revise tokyo s 2015 agreement with south korea over   comfort women  forced to work in japan s wartime military brothels would be unacceptable and make relations unmanageable. kono s comment comes after his south korean counterpart
"karachi
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish police have detained 54 staff from a university shut down after an attempted coup last year that was blamed on u.s.-based islamic preacher fethullah gulen
 confined by parents for years
 graft fight"
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodian prime minister hun sen vowed to extend his more than 30 years in power by at least another decade on wednesday
"port-au-prince (reuters) - haitian authorities said on tuesday a former prime minister and top official have been banned from leaving the country as prosecutors lead a corruption probe in which 12 people
 china tells taiwan; taipei says it seeks peace"
"bucharest (reuters) - romania s ruling social democrats have filed a slew of new changes to the criminal code that would decriminalize several graft offences
"havana (reuters) - a fireworks explosion injured 39 people
"caracas/ciudad guayana
 tax cut bill"
"buenos aires (reuters) - alberto nisman
"amman (reuters) - syrian rebels pinned down in a strategic area where the israeli and lebanese borders meet with syria were handed an ultimatum by the syrian army and its iranian-backed militia allies to either surrender or face certain military defeat
"addis ababa (reuters) - egypt said on tuesday it had suggested to ethiopia and sudan that they all call in international experts to help settle a dispute on an ethiopian dam project on the river nile. egypt fears the hydroelectric scheme will restrict the waters flowing down from ethiopia s highlands
"sao paulo (reuters) - brazil s government will declare venezuela s charg  d affaires persona non-grata
"tripoli (reuters) - libyan families displaced from a town ransacked after the toppling of muammar gaddafi in 2011 will be allowed to return home in february
 seized her shoes"
 violence"
"caracas (reuters) - venezuelan authorities have so far released 44 opponents of the socialist government from prison over christmas
 south says in rosy new year forecast"
"washington (reuters) - the united states on tuesday announced sanctions on two north korean officials for their roles in developing the country s ballistic missiles
 pilot killed"
000 bpd"
 if both sides willing"
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov told u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on tuesday that  washington s aggressive rhetoric  had heightened tension on the korean peninsula and was unacceptable
"cairo (reuters) - an egyptian court sentenced a british woman to three years in prison on tuesday for smuggling around 300 painkiller tablets into the country
"moscow (reuters) - hundreds of russian celebrities
"london (reuters) - a british ship escorted a russian vessel as it passed near uk territorial waters over christmas
"athens (reuters) - israeli players have been denied visas to participate in a speed chess championship hosted by saudi arabia this week
"manila (reuters) - the philippines said on tuesday it would investigate whether safety regulations were ignored at an office where a fire killed 37 call center employees
" (in dec. 25 story
"parachinar
"dubai (reuters) - kuwait arrested five suspects accused of posting a video on social media considered offensive to the gulf state s crown prince
"lagos (reuters) - four civilians were killed in an attack by suspected boko haram militants on monday in the nigerian city at the center of a conflict with the islamists
"yangon (reuters) - two reuters journalists detained in myanmar will be allowed to meet their families once their first 14-day period of remand expires
"(reuters) - myanmar police said on tuesday they would drop pending charges against two journalists working for turkey s state broadcaster
"istanbul/khartoum (reuters) - turkey will rebuild a ruined ottoman port city on sudan s red sea coast and construct a naval dock to maintain civilian and military vessels
"beijing (reuters) - china exported no oil products to north korea in november
" (this version of the dec. 25 story was refiled to amend signoff with no changes to text) moscow (reuters) - the timing of the next meeting between russian president vladimir putin and u.s. president donald trump has not yet been discussed
"belgrade (reuters) - serbia has extradited to turkey a kurdish political activist who had been seeking asylum
"tunis (reuters) - the uae
"benghazi
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on tuesday a call by opposition leader alexei navalny to boycott next year s presidential election must be checked to see if it complies with the law
"brussels (reuters) - the russian authorities  decision to bar opposition leader alexei navalny from running in next year s presidential election raises questions about the vote
"cairo (reuters) - egypt hanged 15 men convicted of attacks that killed security forces in the sinai peninsula
"rome (reuters) - more than 250 migrants were rescued in the central mediterranean during the night between monday and tuesday
 turkey
 others to stand trial: report"
"moscow (reuters) - russia has started establishing a permanent military presence at naval and air bases in syria
"beijing (reuters) - china sentenced a prominent rights activist to eight years in jail for subversion on tuesday
"taipei (reuters) - china s air force has carried out 16 rounds of exercises close to taiwan in the last year or so
"(reuters) - major governments
 manager arrested in south korean fire that killed 29"
 pakistan to look at including afghanistan in $57 billion economic corridor"
"tokyo (reuters) - japan is considering refitting the izumo helicopter carrier so that it can land u.s. marines f-35b stealth fighters
"lima (reuters) - peru s president pedro pablo kuczynski defended his pardon for alberto fujimori on monday as justified clemency for an ailing man whose authoritarian government in the 1990s helped the country progress
"mexico city (reuters) - a man alleged to be behind the murder this year of a crime reporter in northern mexico has been arrested by federal police
"lima (reuters) - peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski pardoned former authoritarian leader alberto fujimori late on sunday
"lima (reuters) - the fujimori clan is at it again. nearly two decades since alberto fujimori and his family occupied peru s presidential palace and gripped the andean nation s attention during one of its most turbulent chapters
 a bittersweet first christmas home after islamic state"
"amman (reuters) - syrian rebel groups on monday rejected russia s planned sochi conference on syria
 netanyahu tells guatemalan president over jerusalem embassy move"
"zurich (reuters) - three people have died in separate avalanche accidents in the swiss alps
 pope says in christmas message"
"vatican city (reuters) - a topless activist from the feminist group femen tried to snatch the statue of the baby jesus from the nativity scene in st. peter s square on monday but was stopped by police as she grabbed it. a reuters photographer said the woman jumped over guard rails and rushed onto the larger-than-life nativity scene shouting  god is woman . she had the same slogan painted on her bare back. a vatican gendarme stopped her from taking the statue and she was detained. the incident happened about two hours before pope francis delivered his christmas message to some 50
"goma
 iranian backed forces advance in border area near israel"
"maiduguri
 fire"
"bauchi
"toronto (reuters) - canada will expel a venezuelan diplomat and also bar the country s ambassador from returning
"moscow (reuters) - russia should scrap the 13 percent profit tax on funds repatriated from abroad and renew an amnesty from penalties for businesses returning capital
"moscow (reuters) - russian opposition leader alexei navalny was barred on monday from running in next year s presidential election after officials ruled he was ineligible to take part due to a suspended prison sentence he says was trumped up. the decision by the central election commission was widely expected as election officials had repeatedly declared navalny would be ineligible to run. twelve members of the 13-member commission voted to bar navalny. one member abstained
"ankara (reuters) - a new emergency decree in turkey could allow vigilantes to carry out political violence with impunity against opponents of the government suspected of involvement in last year s coup attempt
"istanbul (reuters) - a turkish judge ordered four prominent journalists and senior staff from the opposition cumhuriyet newspaper to remain in jail for at least two more months during their trial
"gaza (reuters) - the red cross said on monday israel has a duty to guarantee the safety and dignity of palestinian families visiting prisoners
"hanoi/manila (reuters) - authorities in vietnam prepared to move a million people from low-lying areas along the south coast on monday as a typhoon approached after it battered the philippines with floods and landslides that killed more than 230 people. typhoon tembin is expected to slam into vietnam late on monday after bringing misery to the predominantly christian philippines just before christmas. vietnam s disaster prevention committee said 74
 kyrgyzstan pledge to improve ties in wake of trade war"
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel has ordered the deportation of two of three turks who were briefly arrested during palestinian demonstrations last week after u.s. president donald trump recognized jerusalem as israel s capital
"kabul (reuters) - islamic state claimed responsibility for a suicide attack on monday on a compound of afghanistan s national intelligence agency in kabul
"kabul (reuters) - afghan president ashraf ghani s bid to oust one of the country s most powerful provincial governors has run into strong resistance that has deepened political uncertainty just as washington steps up its campaign against the taliban insurgency. atta mohammad noor
 tunisia says"
 kills four: agencies"
 mother to visit indian man sentenced to death"
"dubai (reuters) - iran s supreme court has upheld a death sentence against a sweden-based iranian academic convicted of spying for israel
 on christmas eve
"beijing (reuters) - china called on monday for all countries to make constructive efforts to ease tension after north korea said the latest u.n. sanctions against it are an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade. the u.n. security council unanimously imposed new sanctions on north korea on friday for its recent intercontinental ballistic missile test
"ankara (reuters) - two soldiers were killed and another was wounded in an attack by kurdistan workers party (pkk) militants which took place as the troops were carrying out security operations in the southeastern province of hakkari
"tunis (reuters) - dubai airline emirates will stop flying to tunisia
"berlin (reuters) - a man drove a car at the entrance of the berlin headquarters of germany s social democratic party (spd) late on sunday evening
"manila (reuters) -  philippine president rodrigo duterte s eldest son quit as vice mayor of the southern city of davao on monday
"riyadh (reuters) - a shi ite muslim judge abducted in eastern saudi arabia a year ago has been killed by his kidnappers
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov called on monday for the united states and north korea to start negotiations
 citing his health"
 kabul"
"moscow (reuters) - russian opposition leader alexei navalny on sunday cleared the first hurdle towards taking part in next year s presidential election
 official says"
"beijing (reuters) - china has  reasonably  expanded its islands in the disputed south china sea and this year construction projects there including radar facilities covered about 290
 backing trump"
 netanyahu offers christians personal tours of israel"
"beijing (reuters) - china s domestically developed ag600
 rebels clash hours after ceasefire"
"cairo (reuters) - egypt will raise the price of tickets on cairo s loss-making metro system from next july
 other key ministries - decree"
"benghazi
"caracas (reuters) - three dozen opponents of venezuela s socialist government were released from prison and reunited with their families on sunday as part of a wider christmas release
 turkey to set up 'strategic cooperation council'
000 new public servants in 2018"
 catalan leader tells spain"
"manila (reuters) - fire swept through a shopping mall in the philippines killing at least 37 people
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian authorities have detained 15 people pending an investigation into an attack on an unlicensed coptic christian church in a village south of cairo
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian security forces on sunday killed nine suspected militants in a shootout in the nile delta province of sharqiya
"rome (reuters) - italian prime minister paolo gentiloni said on sunday he would propose to parliament transferring some of the country s troops stationed in iraq to niger to fight people smuggling and terrorism. gentiloni said italy s 1
"beijing/seoul (reuters) - the latest u.n. sanctions against north korea are an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade against it
"beirut (reuters) - dozens of people gathered outside beirut s national museum on saturday evening to light candles for a british woman and three arab women murdered in the past week in lebanon.  the killing of the british embassy worker rebecca dykes last week has sparked extensive media coverage in lebanon
"manila (reuters) - rescuers in the philippines searched on sunday for survivors of a storm that triggered floods and landslides and killed about 200 people
"zurich (reuters) - a referendum in switzerland to clarify the country s relationship with the european union would be helpful
 meerkats"
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey is working with russia to evacuate around 500 people from the besieged damascus suburb of eastern ghouta
"cairo (reuters) - egypt s foreign minister sameh shoukry will visit addis ababa next week for talks with his ethiopian counterpart
000 websites in past three years"
700 with emergency rule decree"
 may expel diplomats"
 christians say faith trumps official sunday school ban"
 life at risk: doctor"
 dealing blow to president"
 austria's kurz says"
"berlin (reuters) - leading figures from angela merkel s conservatives and the social democrats (spd) outlined differing visions on how their possible government would approach immigration
 accused of crackdown
"jerusalem (reuters) - an israeli court on saturday freed without charge three turks who had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting police outside a jerusalem holy site contested by jews and muslims
000 people for misuse of government funds: xinhua"
 tears as white zimbabwean farmer returns to seized land"
"moscow (reuters) - the u.s. decision to supply weapons to ukraine is dangerous as it will encourage kiev to use force in eastern ukraine
 meerkats missing"
"lima (reuters) - peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski s political troubles will likely continue despite his surprise victory over a bid in congress to oust him this week
"rome (reuters) - italy s ruling democratic party (pd)
"skopje (reuters) - macedonia s main opposition party
"paris (reuters) - president emmanuel macron said on saturday france stood ready if needed to strengthen its military force fighting alongside african troops against islamist insurgents in the sahel.   france has been seeking to eventually withdraw from the poorly policed scrublands of the sahel region - which abuts the sahara to the north and has become a recruiting and training ground for islamist militants - with the help of a new regional african force.  the g5 sahel
"brazzaville (reuters) - the government of congo republic on saturday agreed a ceasefire with rebels in the southeast region of pool
"united nations/seoul (reuters) - the u.n. security council unanimously imposed new sanctions on north korea on friday for its recent intercontinental ballistic missile test
"moscow (reuters) - russia s ruling party united russia wants the  ultimate victory  of president vladimir putin at the presidential election in march
 select surprise candidate to challenge putin"
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwean president emmerson mnangagwa appointed retired army boss constantino chiwenga and veteran politician kembo mohadi as the ruling party s vice presidents
"quetta
"cairo (reuters) - president abdel fattah al-sisi said on saturday egypt will in the next two to three years embark on a $5.60 billion construction project in the sinai peninsula whose north has been gripped by an islamist insurgency.   while coast of the south of the peninsula is peppered with red sea tourist resorts
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey plans to change the name of the street where the embassy of the united arab emirates is located to fakhreddin pasha
 clearing way for elections"
 macron say no alternative to peaceful settlement in eastern ukraine"
 opposition boycotts vote"
 flooding: officials"
"tokyo (reuters) - a record crowd paid their respects to japan s 84-year-old emperor akihito at tokyo s imperial palace on saturday
"melbourne (reuters) - the man accused of deliberately plowing into christmas shoppers on a busy street in the australian city of melbourne was charged on saturday with 18 counts of attempted murder and one count of conduct endangering life. the thursday incident was the second serious vehicle attack in australia s second biggest city this year. police said they had charged the man
"moscow (reuters) - moscow stands ready to cooperate with the united states on afghanistan
"istanbul(reuters) - turkey s parliament has approved the government s 2018 budget
"berlin (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron s proposed european reforms will play a big role in talks between german chancellor angela merkel s conservatives to form a government with the center-left social democrats (spd)
"washington/tegucigalpa (reuters) - the united states on friday backed the re-election of honduran president juan orlando hernandez despite widespread misgivings about the vote count
"washington (reuters) - the united states will provide ukraine with  enhanced defensive capabilities
 probe suspicious package"
"lima (reuters) - peru s president pedro pablo kuczynski could end up the surprise winner of an attempt to oust him from power this week
"melbourne (reuters) - nearly half the 19 people injured when a driver with no known extremist links plowed into pedestrians in the southern city of melbourne were foreign nationals
"mexico city (reuters) - honduran opposition candidate salvador nasralla said his bid for the presidency was a  lost cause  on friday after the united states recognized president juan orlando hernandez as winner of the election.   the situation is practically decided
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi shi ite paramilitary groups have deployed to the frontier to back up border guard forces who came under fire from within syria over the past three days
 u.s. warns kosovo"
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian president petro poroshenko has submitted a new draft law to parliament for the creation of an anti-corruption court
"united nations (reuters) - the united nations announced on friday the appointment of henrietta fore
"berlin (reuters) - ukrainian president petro poroshenko told german chancellor angela merkel on friday that he would work to implement a rapid exchange of prisoners held on both sides of the line of conflict in eastern ukraine
"barcelona/madrid (reuters) - separatists looked set on friday to regain power in catalonia after voters rejected spanish prime minister mariano rajoy s attempt to neuter its independence movement
"seoul (reuters) - south korean guards fired warning shots across the heavily militarized border with north korea on thursday as a soldier from the north defected in thick fog
"tashkent (reuters) - uzbek president shavkat mirziyoyev said on friday he would reform the central asian nation s state security service
"tashkent (reuters) - president shavkat mirziyoyev said on friday uzbekistan had reported inflated economic growth and employment figures for years
 prosecutors bungle cases"
"pratica di mare
"berlin (reuters) - a berlin court ruling that permits the parents and siblings of a 16-year-old syrian migrant to join him in germany will now take effect after the foreign ministry abruptly dropped an appeal of the decision
"gaza (reuters) - israeli troops shot dead at least two palestinians and wounded about 60 with live fire on friday
 uk's johnson tells russian hosts"
"madrid (reuters) - spanish prime minister mariano rajoy on friday ruled out calling a national election after catalan separatists won a regional vote
"madrid (reuters) - forget the traditional socialist opposition and perhaps even the catalan separatists: the main threat to spain s conservative prime minister may now come from a barcelona politician dedicated to national unity - ines arrimadas. the 36-year-old leader of the liberal ciudadanos party in catalonia has jumped to the frontline of spanish politics by coming out on top in elections to the region s assembly. supporters even compare her performance with emmanuel macron s  meteoric rise to the presidency across the border in france. laying down the gauntlet to prime minister mariano rajoy  and the separatists alike
"amman/cairo (reuters) - leading arab allies threatened with cuts in aid by donald trump said on friday they had no choice but to defy the u.s. president over his recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital
"juba (reuters) - a south sudanese rebel group on friday accused government troops of attacking their base only a day after the parties signed a ceasefire in a four-year war that has killed tens of thousands of people.  the ceasefire
" (in dec. 21 item
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may on friday hailed the return of britain s classic blue passport as a benefit of leaving the eu
"copenhagen (reuters) - danish police have charged a 30-year-old syrian man
"brasilia (reuters) - brazil s president michel temer warned on friday the country would face economic volatility and loss of international credibility if a bill overhauling its costly social security system is not passed by congress early next year. speaking to reporters
"vatican city (reuters) - callista gingrich
"hanoi (reuters) - a court in vietnam on friday upheld a nine-year jail sentence for a prominent activist convicted of spreading propaganda against the state
"tripoli/benghazi
"london (reuters) - the head of iran s justice ministry was quoted on friday as saying tehran would decide the fate of a detained british-iranian aid worker sentenced to five years in jail and that he could not confirm western media reports relating to her case. nazanin zaghari-ratcliffe
"edinburgh (reuters) - a group of anti-brexit scottish members of parliament has been given the go-ahead to pursue legal action to establish whether the united kingdom can unilaterally stop the process of leaving the eu
 must clear up the mess it made"
"new york (reuters) - in april
"sharya
 jobs"
"kuala lumpur (reuters) - malaysia has arrested 20 suspected militants
"geneva (reuters) - the u.n. independent expert on the independence of judges and lawyers criticized poland on friday for legal reforms that have already attracted unprecedented censure from the european union
 cautious on sochi plan"
"astana (reuters) - syria s u.n. ambassador
000 of its troops took part in syria campaign"
"kampala (reuters) - the ugandan army on friday attacked rebel camps in eastern congo
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin on friday accused the united states of plotting to withdraw from the intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty
"real
"lima (reuters) - peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski has thwarted a bid in congress to force him out over a graft scandal
"seoul (reuters) - a seoul court on friday found lotte group chairman shin dong-bin guilty of breach of trust and embezzlement and sentenced him to 20 months in prison
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said on friday she knew nothing of allegations of inappropriate behavior by her most senior minister
 over 120 countries at u.n. condemn jerusalem decision"
"paris (reuters) - the united states has  disqualified  itself from the middle east peace process due to its recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital
"ankara (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan called on friday for the united states to step back from its decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital after the united nations voted against the move despite what he called  ugly and unforgivable  u.s. threats. more than 120 countries defied president donald trump on thursday and voted in favor of a united nations general assembly resolution calling for the united states to drop its recent recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital.  despite threats
 turkey hope astana peace talks will lead to congress on syria in sochi"
"barcelona (reuters) - catalonia s separatists look set to regain power in the wealthy spanish region after local elections on thursday
 respect for constitution in spain"
"moscow (reuters) - british foreign minister boris johnson said on friday that london could not ignore russia s meddling in elections around the world
"mogadishu (reuters) - a court in somalia on thursday released without charge a former minister and government critic who spent two days in jail after being arrested for alleged treason
"seoul (reuters) - south korean president moon jae-in comforted mourners in the small scenic city of jecheon on friday amid growing public anger at how fire ripped through an eight-storey building
"seoul (reuters) - a fire in an eight-storey fitness center in the scenic south korean city of jecheon on thursday killed at least 29 people
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s president jacob zuma has sought leave to appeal a court ruling ordering him to set up a judicial inquiry into influence-peddling in his government
 no injuries"
"kuala lumpur (reuters) - malaysian prime minister najib razak vowed on friday to use every means to protest against u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may said britain would take a  hard headed  approach to dealing with russia ahead of a meeting between foreign minister boris johnson and his russian counterpart in moscow on friday.  we are aware of the activity that russia has undertaken
"beijing (reuters) - china on friday urged the united states not to set itself up as a  human rights judge  and denounced the u.s. treasury department for punishing a chinese public security official for alleged rights abuses.  gao yan was one of the targets of an executive order issued by u.s. president donald trump on wednesday blocking the property of foreigners involved in human rights abuses. gao had been in charge at chaoyang detention centre in beijing where a chinese rights activist
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish police arrested 15 senior military officers in an investigation into the network of a u.s.-based cleric who ankara accuses of orchestrating last year s attempted coup
"berlin (reuters) - german foreign minister sigmar gabriel said turkey s decision to release a sixth german citizen from jail on thursday gave hope that relations between the two nato allies could improve after plumbing new lows following a failed coup in 2016. the decision to allow pilgrim david britsch to return to germany follows the release earlier this week of german journalist mesale tolu after nearly eight months in prison.  decisions such as these give hope that we can rebuild trust step by step and relax the bilateral relationship
"juba (reuters) - south sudan denied on friday that a businessman sanctioned by the united states was an adviser to president salva kiir
"islamabad (reuters) - pakistan has ordered 27 international aid groups to shut down for working in unauthorized areas
"hong kong (reuters) - as hong kong seeks more land to help ease a worsening housing crisis
 china says choice of path must be respected"
"budapest (reuters) - hungarian prime minister viktor orban on friday said that hungary sees a strong poland as a vital component of a central european caucus within the european union
"hong kong (reuters) - hong kong leader carrie lam said she would not blindly obey the orders of communist party leaders in beijing
"lima (reuters) - a congresswoman in peru said embattled president pedro pablo kuczynski survived a vote in congress to oust him by promising some opposition lawmakers that he would pardon the country s jailed former authoritarian leader
"seoul (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump s new national security strategy unveiled this week is a  criminal document  that seeks the  total subordination of the whole world to the interests of the u.s.
"manila (reuters) - philippine maoist rebels declared a traditional christmas truce on friday after the government announced the same
"sydney (reuters) - australian police said on friday they had seized a record 1.2 tonnes of methamphetamine with a street value of more than a$1 billion ($771 million) after a raid in a remote area of the west australian coast. eight australian men were charged with offences carrying a maximum sentence of life imprisonment
"beijing (reuters) - china is considering a law punishing those who slander heroes and martyrs or cause physical damage to their memorials
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesian president joko widodo will on friday hold his cabinet meeting on the holiday island of bali in a bid to reassure visitors that there is nothing to worry about from the rumbling mount agung volcano. authorities last month raised the alert status of mount agung in northeastern bali to the highest level
"beijing (reuters) - china s graft-busters will be required to do more to  protect detained suspects
 some myanmar reporters fear 'it could've been me'"
"beijing (reuters) - members of china s ruling communist party have a duty to follow orders from the central leadership lest the country stray into anarchy
"tokyo (reuters) - kansai electric power co said on friday it will decommission two 38-year-old reactors at its ohi nuclear plant as japan s electricity industry struggles to cope with new safety standards imposed after the 2011 fukushima disaster. the widely expected announcement brings to 14 the number of reactors being scrapped since the meltdowns at the fukushima daiichi plant. more than six years on
"tokyo (reuters) - japan s government approved a record military budget on friday but did not earmark enough extra money to stop a splurge on u.s.-made ballistic missile defense kit from putting a squeeze on funding for an ambitious domestic jet fighter project. japan s defense outlays for the year starting april 1 will rise for a sixth straight year
"kuala lumpur (reuters) - malaysia s growing ties to saudi arabia - and its puritan salafi-wahhabi islamic doctrines -  are coming under new scrutiny as concerns grow over an erosion of traditional religious practices and culture in the multi-ethnic nation. a string of recent events has fueled the concern. hostility toward atheists
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabia announced on friday that passengers traveling on its airlines to the united kingdom would once again be allowed to carry on electronic devices
 says u.s. will 'see this through'"
"madrid (reuters) - exiled catalan separatist leader carles puigdemont looks set to regain power after regional elections on thursday
"madrid (reuters) - catalonia s separatist leader carles puigdemont was on track to regain the leadership of spain s northeastern region after preliminary results showed a coalition of secessionist parties winning a majority in regional elections. puigdemont went on self-imposed exile in brussels in october after conservative prime minister mariano rajoy sacked his regional government when they organized an illegal independence referendum and later proclaimed a catalan republic. the separatist parties were seen getting a total of 70 seats in the 135-seat assembly
"havana (reuters) - communist-run cuba extended the term of its current leadership to april on thursday
"warsaw (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may gave poland a rare dose of big power support on thursday by saying that its constitution was its own affair
"(reuters) - some 128 countries defied u.s. president donald trump on thursday and voted in favor of a u.n. general assembly resolution calling for washington to drop its recent recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital. trump had threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that voted in favor of the resolution. after the vote
"united nations (reuters) - the united nations security council is due to vote on friday on a u.s.-drafted resolution that seeks to toughen sanctions on north korea in response to its latest intercontinental ballistic missile launch
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto said on thursday that he would send a contentious new security law to the supreme court for review after signing it
 bring super hornets home"
"london (reuters) - british police started to reopen roads around buckingham palace in london late on thursday after investigating a suspicious vehicle.  all road closures are now in the process of being removed
"new york (reuters) - a new york jury on thursday ended its second day of deliberations without a verdict in the trial of a turkish banker accused of helping iran evade u.s. sanctions. the jury had begun deliberating on wednesday following the three-week trial of mehmet hakan atilla
"washington (reuters) - the united states on thursday said it welcomed an announcement by a saudi-led coalition to keep the hodeidah port in yemen open for a month and allow humanitarian aid to flow through
"brussels (reuters) - europe s first ever rules on drones
 rebel groups sign ceasefire"
 with humanitarian hopes"
"astana (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin s envoy for syria said on thursday that there was no reason for u.s. forces to remain in syria and that washington s stated reasons for maintaining a military presence there were groundless. alexander lavrentiev was speaking in astana
"washington (reuters) - russia is likely to maintain a big presence in syria despite russian president vladimir putin s announcement of a partial military withdrawal
 others for abuses
"ankara (reuters) - the united nations general assembly s vote on jerusalem on thursday was a clear international rejection of u.s. president donald trump administration s  thuggish intimidation 
"madrid (reuters) - pro-independence parties in catalonia are seen in a position to keep their absolute majority of seats in regional elections on thursday
 macron can toast a tumultuous year"
 thanks trump for stance on jerusalem"
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan said on thursday he expected u.s. president donald trump s administration to rescind without delay its  unfortunate decision  to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital. in comments on twitter
"vatican city (reuters) - the funeral of cardinal bernard law
 sovereignty 'not for sale'"
"kiev (reuters) - ukraine s state security service sbu have detained a government official on suspicion of working in the interests of russia
 limit bargain sales"
 limit promotions"
"dubai/khobar (reuters) - london-listed nmc healthcare is in talks with the riyadh government to take over the running of a struggling saudi hospital
"melbourne (reuters) - an australian man of afghan descent with a history of mental health issues drove a car into christmas shoppers in the city of melbourne on thursday
"bucharest (reuters) - seven european union states urged romania s ruling coalition on thursday to avoid legislation that could weaken its judiciary and the fight against corruption
"gaza (reuters) - palestinian islamist group hamas s leader in gaza said on thursday a reconciliation deal with president mahmoud abbas s fatah faction was collapsing
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may wants to draw a line under allegations of misconduct against one of her junior ministers
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabia should not forfeit its  sovereign  right to one day enrich uranium under its planned civilian nuclear program
"jerusalem (reuters) - prime minister benjamin netanyahu described the united nations as a  house of lies  ahead of a vote on thursday on a draft resolution calling on the united states to withdraw its recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital.  the state of israel totally rejects this vote
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey told u.s. president donald trump on thursday he could not buy its support in a united nations vote on jerusalem
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s ruling anc decided to downgrade its embassy in tel aviv to a liaison office over a u.s. decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"dubai/geneva (reuters) - yemen s cholera epidemic has reached one million suspected cases
"yaounde (reuters) - a cameroonian journalist jailed for over two years for contact with islamist militant group boko haram is set to be freed after a court on thursday shortened his sentence
"the hague (reuters) - the u.n. war crimes court that prosecuted atrocities committed during the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s
"vatican city (reuters) - pope francis issued a stinging new critique of the vatican s top administration on thursday
"ankara (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan described the united arab emirates foreign minister as impertinent and spoiled by money on thursday after he retweeted accusations that ottoman forces looted the holy city of medina during world war one. without naming him
"ankara (reuters) - a turkish foreign ministry official said on thursday the united arab emirates charge d affaires was summoned to the ministry over comments about an ottoman commander retweeted by the uae foreign minister. foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahayan retweeted on saturday accusations that ottoman forces stole goods from the holy city of medina during world war one
moscow (reuters) - u.n. special envoy on syria staffan de mistura said on thursday he planned to organize a next round of syrian peace talks in geneva in the second half of january. de mistura was speaking in moscow at a news conference after holding talks with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov.  de mistura told lavrov that the last round of peace talks had gone badly. 
"kiev (reuters) - the ukrainian parliament voted on thursday to withdraw a law on the creation of an anti-corruption court
"benghazi
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish police said on thursday they had rescued thousands of artefacts dating back to anatolian
"(reuters) - several countries
"yangon (reuters) - two reuters reporters arrested in myanmar had not passed any information to the united nations
 court case to follow"
"yangon (reuters) - the two reuters journalists who were detained in myanmar on dec. 12 have appeared in court and been remanded in custody
"warsaw (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said on thursday that britain and poland are concerned about russian attempts to weaponise information.  we have agreed today to bolster our cooperation to counter russian disinformation in the region .... we are both deeply concerned by russia s attempts to weaponise information
"johannesburg (reuters) - cyril ramaphosa may have won the race to be leader of the african national congress
"dortmund (reuters) - a german-russian man suspected of detonating three bombs targeting the borussia dortmund soccer team bus in a plan to profit from a plunging share price appeared in a german court on thursday charged with 28 counts of attempted murder. the team was heading to the club s stadium for a champions league match against as monaco on april 11 when the explosions went off
"dortmund (reuters) - a german-russian man suspected of detonating three bombs targeting the borussia dortmund soccer team bus in a plan to profit from a plunging share price appeared in a german court on thursday charged with 28 counts of attempted murder. the team was heading to the club s stadium for a champions league match against as monaco on april 11 when the explosions went off
"london (reuters) - outside london s piccadilly theater where tickets cost up to 110 pounds and a banner advertising the musical  annie  reads  it s a hard knock life 
"new delhi (reuters) - india will provide myanmar with $25 million for development projects including prefabricated houses in troubled rakhine state to enable the return of rohingya muslims who have fled the area
"london (reuters) - pro-european campaigners accused ministers of failing to take preparations for brexit seriously enough on thursday
"paris (reuters) - plans to buy a new presidential jet for france s emmanuel macron could be held up because of a controversy sparked by his prime minister
"moscow (reuters) - the decision to scale back british-russian dialogue was a groundless and untimely decision by london
"tripoli (reuters) - libya s rival factions should stick to a united nations peace process and prepare for elections in spring 2018
"london (reuters) - a 48-year-old man from wales pleaded not guilty on thursday to terrorism-related murder and attempted murder after he allegedly drove a van at muslims outside a mosque in finsbury park
"beirut (reuters) - lebanese prime minister saad al-hariri said on thursday gulf arab countries were planning no action against lebanon after a political crisis last month thrust it onto the front line of rivalry between saudi arabia and iran.  hariri has been a political ally of saudi arabia but his coalition government includes lebanon s powerful shi ite muslim hezbollah group
"moscow (reuters) - russian military observers had to pull out of a joint ceasefire control group due to kiev s determination to solve the crisis in the rebel-held eastern regions of the country by force
"prague (reuters) - the czech far-right freedom and direct democracy party (spd) said on thursday it would not support a new minority government formed by the ano party leader andrej babis
 wants a rights investigator who is fair"
"moscow (reuters) - u.s. allegations that russia is breaking its cold war-era intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty with washington lack evidence and are speculative
"moscow (reuters) - syria s opposition is sabotaging the geneva peace talks in a bid to ruin russia s preparations for a planned congress of national dialogue in syria
"moscow (reuters) - the latest u.s. sanctions imposed on five russians and chechens  are grotesque and groundless
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s interior minister said on thursday that uber driver suspected of murdering a british embassy worker last week had served time in prison
"istanbul (reuters) - sixty people including a former military chief faced demands for life jail terms over a 1997 campaign of army pressure
 four dead"
"frankfurt (reuters) - a suspicious package that prompted an evacuation of a christmas market in frankfurt has turned out to be harmless
"beirut (reuters) - kurdish-led syrian groups plan to attend russia s proposed syria peace talks in the black sea resort of sochi
"beijing (reuters) - chinese military aircraft have again carried out drills in the western pacific
"valletta (reuters) - three men accused of killing maltese anti-corruption blogger daphne caruana galizia were committed to trial on thursday by a magistrate hearing preliminary evidence. brothers george and alfred degiorgio and vincent muscat were arrested in early december on the strength of phone intercepts and accused of having killed caruana galizia in a carbomb as she drove out of her home on oct. 16. in the maltese judicial system
"moscow (reuters) - russia may decide to designate any media as  foreign agents  if they are financed by a foreign state or citizen
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may forced her most senior minister
"moscow (reuters) - there is no firm date yet for the much-discussed syria peace congress
"moscow (reuters) - the approval by the united states of an export license for ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from u.s. manufacturers may provoke  hotheads  among ukrainian nationalists to seek to unleash a new bloodshed in eastern ukraine
 north africa deteriorating
 moldy and french: russia's response to sanctions goes gourmet"
"new delhi (reuters) - an indian court on thursday acquitted a former telecoms minister
"beijing/taipei (reuters) - a beijing court on thursday handed down jail sentences of up to 15 years to 85 people deported from kenya for telecoms fraud
 crying 'coup
"sydney (reuters) - a car was deliberately driven into pedestrians in the australian city of melbourne on thursday
"geneva (reuters) - the u.n. independent investigator into human rights in myanmar called on wednesday for stronger international pressure to be exerted on myanmar s military commanders after being barred from visiting the country for the rest of her tenure.  yanghee lee
"orenburg
"sydney (reuters) - australia has discovered the wreck of its first submarine off the coast of papua new guinea
"beijing (reuters) - the united states has created  sensational hype  over china s military modernization
"moscow (reuters) - u.n. special envoy on syria staffan de mistura will arrive in kazakhstan s capital on friday to take part in syria peace talks
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesian police appealed on thursday for tolerance and respect for other people s religious celebrations after an islamist group threatened to raid businesses to check for muslims being forced to wear santa claus hats or other christmas garb. the hardline islamic defenders front (fpi) said this week it would conduct  sweeping operations  in the world s biggest muslim-majority country
"seoul (reuters) - a former korean air lines executive who went into a rage on an aircraft over the way she was served nuts in first class avoided jail on thursday when south korea s supreme court upheld her 10-month suspended sentence. heather cho had been charged with
"beijing (reuters) - chinese tourists are still visiting pyongyang from china s border city of dandong
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican authorities on wednesday arrested a former high-ranking official of president enrique pena nieto s party in a corruption investigation in the northern state of chihuahua
 says it is not linked to any cyber attacks"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department has approved an export license for ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from u.s. manufacturers
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela s pro-government legislative superbody ruled on wednesday that parties who boycotted this month s local elections had lost legitimacy
"seoul (reuters) - south korean guards fired around 20 warning shots at north korean troops searching for a defector who fled across the heavily militarized border between the two countries on thursday
"johannesburg (reuters) - cyril ramaphosa
"mexico city (reuters) - the governor of nuevo leon
"seoul (reuters) - south korea plans to buy an additional 20 f-35a stealth fighter aircraft from the united states
 uk pm's may deputy
"london (reuters) - an earthquake of magnitude 5.2 struck a town near the iranian capital tehran on wednesday night
"washington/tegucigalpa (reuters) - the united states on wednesday followed mexico in signaling that honduran president juan orlando hernandez had won a heavily disputed presidential election last month
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may said on wednesday she would permit a delay to britain s departure from the european union in exceptional circumstances
 more to come"
"brussels (reuters) - the european union wants a transition period after brexit to end no later than the last day of 2020
 four others under magnitsky act"
"cox s bazar
"washington/united nations (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that vote in favor of a draft united nations resolution calling for the united states to withdraw its decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital.  they take hundreds of millions of dollars and even billions of dollars
"aden (reuters) - the saudi-led coalition fighting in yemen said on wednesday it would keep the houthi-controlled hodeidah port
"(reuters) - british prime minister theresa may will visit china around the end of january to promote her vision of a  global britain  whose economy is strongly placed to succeed after brexit
 land expropriation"
"goma
"kampala (reuters) - ugandan legislators voted late on wednesday to amend the country s constitution to allow 73-year-old leader yoweri museveni to extend his rule
"ottawa (reuters) - canadian prime minister justin trudeau broke some conflict of interest rules when he accepted a vacation last year on the aga khan s private island
"kampala (reuters) - ugandan legislators voted overwhelmingly late on wednesday to remove from the constitution an age cap of 75 for presidential candidates
"vic/cerdanyola del valles
"mexico city (reuters) - the bodies of six men were found hanging from three different bridges near the mexican tourist resort of los cabos on the baja california peninsula on wednesday
"mexico city (reuters) - the driver of a tour bus that crashed on tuesday on a quiet road in mexico s yucatan peninsula
 sources in nigeria say"
"dubai (reuters) - the saudi-led coalition will allow four cranes into the houthi-controlled port of hodeidah to boost humanitarian aid deliveries into wartorn yemen
"berlin (reuters) - german police arrested a 29-year-old man they said was an active member of islamic state who was plotting a truck attack on an ice rink.  the arrest
"copenhagen (reuters) - denmark will no longer automatically accept a quota of refugees under a u.n. resettlement program after passing a law on wednesday that enables the government to determine how many can enter each year. since 1989
"manila (reuters) - the police chief of the philippines on wednesday stood by the head of a secretive unit behind dozens of killings in the country s war on drugs
"geneva (reuters) - the u.n. s freedom of speech expert said on wednesday he was concerned about the ramifications of a decision in the united states to roll back net neutrality
"baghdad/erbil
"vienna (reuters) - austrian chancellor sebastian kurz said on wednesday his new coalition would focus on fighting anti-semitism
 rescue service"
"brussels (reuters) - the eu executive launched an unprecedented process on wednesday to suspend poland s voting rights in the european union after two years of dispute over judicial reforms that brussels says undermine polish courts  independence. the european commission
"warsaw (reuters) - polish president andrzej duda has signed into law two bills overhauling the judiciary
"bucharest (reuters) - romania s senate approved on wednesday part of a judicial overhaul criticized by the european commission
 u.n. general assembly to meet on jerusalem status"
 issuing threats"
 spd start talks jan. 7 on another 'grand coalition'"
"new york (reuters) - lawyers for an executive at turkey s majority state-owned halkbank who is accused of helping iran evade u.s. sanctions on wednesday asked a u.s. federal judge to declare a mistrial as jurors were expected to begin deliberating. in a motion filed in manhattan federal court
"zurich (reuters) - the swiss government urged voters on wednesday to reject a campaign for a nationwide ban on face veils
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwean president emmerson mnangagwa on wednesday promised zero tolerance in his government s push to punish corruption that stifled political freedom and economic growth under robert mugabe s 37-year rule. mnangagwa
"sofia (reuters) - bulgaria s parliament passed anti-corruption legislation on wednesday under european union pressure over its failure to prosecute venal officials
"lima (reuters) - the center-right government of peru s embattled president pedro pablo kuczynski canceled its scheduled auction of a $2 billion copper project
"dubai (reuters) - saudi arabia s king salman received palestinian president mahmoud abbas in riyadh on wednesday and reiterated the kingdom s support for the palestinian people
 rebels"
"baghdad (reuters) - the u.s. embassy in baghdad said on wednesday it was concerned by the closure of a local kurdish broadcaster at the hands of iraqi kurdish security forces a day earlier.  we are concerned by recent actions to curb the operations of some media outlets through force or intimidation
 allies fear escalation after russia exits ceasefire group"
000 euros"
"warsaw (reuters) - below are details of the european commission s decision to launch the article 7 procedure against poland on wednesday over judicial reforms that brussels says undermine polish courts  independence. the procedure could lead to a suspension of poland s voting rights in the eu if approved by all over eu members except poland. hungary has said it would veto any sanctions on poland. first vice president of the european commission
"yangon (reuters) - myanmar s army said on wednesday that it had appointed a senior officer to investigate whether any members of the security forces were involved in the killing of 10 people whose bodies have been uncovered in a mass grave in rakhine state. a violent crackdown by the security forces in response to attacks by militants in the western state has caused around 650
"riyadh (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital will stoke violence in the region
"mogadishu (reuters) - some somali lawmakers said on wednesday they plan to impeach the president in a mounting political crisis that could put the fledgling government on a violent collision course with one of the country s most powerful clans.  the political turmoil endangers fragile gains against the islamist al shabaab insurgency and could derail the government of president mohamed abdullahi. universally known by his nickname  farmajo 
"seoul (reuters) - south korean officials said on wednesday a proposed delay in military drills with the united states was aimed at ensuring a peaceful 2018 winter olympics
" (corrects a dec. 19 story to make clear in graf 12 that russia annexed ukraine s crimea
"pristina (reuters) - two kosovo men pleaded guilty on wednesday to planning attacks at a world cup soccer match in albania against the visiting israel team last year. kosovo police arrested 19 people in november 2016 on suspicion that they had links with the islamic state militant group and were planning attacks in kosovo and neighboring albania. nine of them were charged. the state prosecutor said some of them were in contact with lavdrim muhaxheri
"cairo (reuters) - islamic state has claimed an attack on an egyptian military airport that killed one officer and wounded two near the town of arish in north sinai on tuesday
"brasilia (reuters) - the approval rating for brazilian president michel temer s scandal-plagued government has doubled to 6 percent from the prior survey
 for now"
"warsaw (reuters) - poland is currently seen as a force for disintegration of the european union (eu) and hence it is important to end the destruction of warsaw s reputation
"warsaw (reuters) - the european commission s decision to launch the so-called article 7 procedure against poland may be related to warsaw s refusal to accept muslim migrants
"istanbul (reuters) - an istanbul prosecutor has issued arrest warrants for the parents of a former police investigator who gave evidence at the trial of a turkish banker in the united states last week
"buenos aires (reuters) - argentina s previous government never asked interpol to drop arrest warrants against a group of iranians accused of bombing a jewish center
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan leapt to the defence of an ottoman military commander on wednesday after the united arab emirates foreign minister retweeted accusations that ottoman forces looted the holy city of medina during world war one. erdogan appeared to be responding to a tweet shared on saturday by uae foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahayan
"sid
"manila (reuters) - philippine president rodrigo duterte has declared a 10-day unilateral ceasefire with communist rebels to allow filipinos to celebrate a  stress-free  christmas season
 croatian police detain 17 for smuggling migrants to eu"
"moscow (reuters) - the latest u.s. sanctions imposed on five russians and chechens  are grotesque and groundless
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s interior minister said on thursday that uber driver suspected of murdering a british embassy worker last week had served time in prison
"istanbul (reuters) - sixty people including a former military chief faced demands for life jail terms over a 1997 campaign of army pressure
 four dead"
"frankfurt (reuters) - a suspicious package that prompted an evacuation of a christmas market in frankfurt has turned out to be harmless
"beirut (reuters) - kurdish-led syrian groups plan to attend russia s proposed syria peace talks in the black sea resort of sochi
"beijing (reuters) - chinese military aircraft have again carried out drills in the western pacific
"valletta (reuters) - three men accused of killing maltese anti-corruption blogger daphne caruana galizia were committed to trial on thursday by a magistrate hearing preliminary evidence. brothers george and alfred degiorgio and vincent muscat were arrested in early december on the strength of phone intercepts and accused of having killed caruana galizia in a carbomb as she drove out of her home on oct. 16. in the maltese judicial system
"moscow (reuters) - russia may decide to designate any media as  foreign agents  if they are financed by a foreign state or citizen
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may forced her most senior minister
"moscow (reuters) - there is no firm date yet for the much-discussed syria peace congress
"moscow (reuters) - the approval by the united states of an export license for ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from u.s. manufacturers may provoke  hotheads  among ukrainian nationalists to seek to unleash a new bloodshed in eastern ukraine
 north africa deteriorating
 moldy and french: russia's response to sanctions goes gourmet"
"new delhi (reuters) - an indian court on thursday acquitted a former telecoms minister
"beijing/taipei (reuters) - a beijing court on thursday handed down jail sentences of up to 15 years to 85 people deported from kenya for telecoms fraud
 crying 'coup
"sydney (reuters) - a car was deliberately driven into pedestrians in the australian city of melbourne on thursday
"geneva (reuters) - the u.n. independent investigator into human rights in myanmar called on wednesday for stronger international pressure to be exerted on myanmar s military commanders after being barred from visiting the country for the rest of her tenure.  yanghee lee
"orenburg
"sydney (reuters) - australia has discovered the wreck of its first submarine off the coast of papua new guinea
"beijing (reuters) - the united states has created  sensational hype  over china s military modernization
"moscow (reuters) - u.n. special envoy on syria staffan de mistura will arrive in kazakhstan s capital on friday to take part in syria peace talks
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesian police appealed on thursday for tolerance and respect for other people s religious celebrations after an islamist group threatened to raid businesses to check for muslims being forced to wear santa claus hats or other christmas garb. the hardline islamic defenders front (fpi) said this week it would conduct  sweeping operations  in the world s biggest muslim-majority country
"seoul (reuters) - a former korean air lines executive who went into a rage on an aircraft over the way she was served nuts in first class avoided jail on thursday when south korea s supreme court upheld her 10-month suspended sentence. heather cho had been charged with
"beijing (reuters) - chinese tourists are still visiting pyongyang from china s border city of dandong
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican authorities on wednesday arrested a former high-ranking official of president enrique pena nieto s party in a corruption investigation in the northern state of chihuahua
 says it is not linked to any cyber attacks"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department has approved an export license for ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from u.s. manufacturers
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela s pro-government legislative superbody ruled on wednesday that parties who boycotted this month s local elections had lost legitimacy
"seoul (reuters) - south korean guards fired around 20 warning shots at north korean troops searching for a defector who fled across the heavily militarized border between the two countries on thursday
"johannesburg (reuters) - cyril ramaphosa
"mexico city (reuters) - the governor of nuevo leon
"seoul (reuters) - south korea plans to buy an additional 20 f-35a stealth fighter aircraft from the united states
 uk pm's may deputy
"london (reuters) - an earthquake of magnitude 5.2 struck a town near the iranian capital tehran on wednesday night
"washington/tegucigalpa (reuters) - the united states on wednesday followed mexico in signaling that honduran president juan orlando hernandez had won a heavily disputed presidential election last month
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may said on wednesday she would permit a delay to britain s departure from the european union in exceptional circumstances
 more to come"
"brussels (reuters) - the european union wants a transition period after brexit to end no later than the last day of 2020
 four others under magnitsky act"
"cox s bazar
"washington/united nations (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that vote in favor of a draft united nations resolution calling for the united states to withdraw its decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital.  they take hundreds of millions of dollars and even billions of dollars
"aden (reuters) - the saudi-led coalition fighting in yemen said on wednesday it would keep the houthi-controlled hodeidah port
"(reuters) - british prime minister theresa may will visit china around the end of january to promote her vision of a  global britain  whose economy is strongly placed to succeed after brexit
 land expropriation"
"goma
"kampala (reuters) - ugandan legislators voted late on wednesday to amend the country s constitution to allow 73-year-old leader yoweri museveni to extend his rule
"ottawa (reuters) - canadian prime minister justin trudeau broke some conflict of interest rules when he accepted a vacation last year on the aga khan s private island
"kampala (reuters) - ugandan legislators voted overwhelmingly late on wednesday to remove from the constitution an age cap of 75 for presidential candidates
"vic/cerdanyola del valles
"mexico city (reuters) - the bodies of six men were found hanging from three different bridges near the mexican tourist resort of los cabos on the baja california peninsula on wednesday
"mexico city (reuters) - the driver of a tour bus that crashed on tuesday on a quiet road in mexico s yucatan peninsula
 sources in nigeria say"
"dubai (reuters) - the saudi-led coalition will allow four cranes into the houthi-controlled port of hodeidah to boost humanitarian aid deliveries into wartorn yemen
"berlin (reuters) - german police arrested a 29-year-old man they said was an active member of islamic state who was plotting a truck attack on an ice rink.  the arrest
"copenhagen (reuters) - denmark will no longer automatically accept a quota of refugees under a u.n. resettlement program after passing a law on wednesday that enables the government to determine how many can enter each year. since 1989
"manila (reuters) - the police chief of the philippines on wednesday stood by the head of a secretive unit behind dozens of killings in the country s war on drugs
"geneva (reuters) - the u.n. s freedom of speech expert said on wednesday he was concerned about the ramifications of a decision in the united states to roll back net neutrality
"baghdad/erbil
"vienna (reuters) - austrian chancellor sebastian kurz said on wednesday his new coalition would focus on fighting anti-semitism
 rescue service"
"brussels (reuters) - the eu executive launched an unprecedented process on wednesday to suspend poland s voting rights in the european union after two years of dispute over judicial reforms that brussels says undermine polish courts  independence. the european commission
"warsaw (reuters) - polish president andrzej duda has signed into law two bills overhauling the judiciary
"bucharest (reuters) - romania s senate approved on wednesday part of a judicial overhaul criticized by the european commission
 u.n. general assembly to meet on jerusalem status"
 issuing threats"
 spd start talks jan. 7 on another 'grand coalition'"
"new york (reuters) - lawyers for an executive at turkey s majority state-owned halkbank who is accused of helping iran evade u.s. sanctions on wednesday asked a u.s. federal judge to declare a mistrial as jurors were expected to begin deliberating. in a motion filed in manhattan federal court
"zurich (reuters) - the swiss government urged voters on wednesday to reject a campaign for a nationwide ban on face veils
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwean president emmerson mnangagwa on wednesday promised zero tolerance in his government s push to punish corruption that stifled political freedom and economic growth under robert mugabe s 37-year rule. mnangagwa
"sofia (reuters) - bulgaria s parliament passed anti-corruption legislation on wednesday under european union pressure over its failure to prosecute venal officials
"lima (reuters) - the center-right government of peru s embattled president pedro pablo kuczynski canceled its scheduled auction of a $2 billion copper project
"dubai (reuters) - saudi arabia s king salman received palestinian president mahmoud abbas in riyadh on wednesday and reiterated the kingdom s support for the palestinian people
 rebels"
"baghdad (reuters) - the u.s. embassy in baghdad said on wednesday it was concerned by the closure of a local kurdish broadcaster at the hands of iraqi kurdish security forces a day earlier.  we are concerned by recent actions to curb the operations of some media outlets through force or intimidation
 allies fear escalation after russia exits ceasefire group"
000 euros"
"warsaw (reuters) - below are details of the european commission s decision to launch the article 7 procedure against poland on wednesday over judicial reforms that brussels says undermine polish courts  independence. the procedure could lead to a suspension of poland s voting rights in the eu if approved by all over eu members except poland. hungary has said it would veto any sanctions on poland. first vice president of the european commission
"yangon (reuters) - myanmar s army said on wednesday that it had appointed a senior officer to investigate whether any members of the security forces were involved in the killing of 10 people whose bodies have been uncovered in a mass grave in rakhine state. a violent crackdown by the security forces in response to attacks by militants in the western state has caused around 650
"riyadh (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital will stoke violence in the region
"mogadishu (reuters) - some somali lawmakers said on wednesday they plan to impeach the president in a mounting political crisis that could put the fledgling government on a violent collision course with one of the country s most powerful clans.  the political turmoil endangers fragile gains against the islamist al shabaab insurgency and could derail the government of president mohamed abdullahi. universally known by his nickname  farmajo 
"seoul (reuters) - south korean officials said on wednesday a proposed delay in military drills with the united states was aimed at ensuring a peaceful 2018 winter olympics
" (corrects a dec. 19 story to make clear in graf 12 that russia annexed ukraine s crimea
"pristina (reuters) - two kosovo men pleaded guilty on wednesday to planning attacks at a world cup soccer match in albania against the visiting israel team last year. kosovo police arrested 19 people in november 2016 on suspicion that they had links with the islamic state militant group and were planning attacks in kosovo and neighboring albania. nine of them were charged. the state prosecutor said some of them were in contact with lavdrim muhaxheri
"cairo (reuters) - islamic state has claimed an attack on an egyptian military airport that killed one officer and wounded two near the town of arish in north sinai on tuesday
"brasilia (reuters) - the approval rating for brazilian president michel temer s scandal-plagued government has doubled to 6 percent from the prior survey
 for now"
"warsaw (reuters) - poland is currently seen as a force for disintegration of the european union (eu) and hence it is important to end the destruction of warsaw s reputation
"warsaw (reuters) - the european commission s decision to launch the so-called article 7 procedure against poland may be related to warsaw s refusal to accept muslim migrants
"istanbul (reuters) - an istanbul prosecutor has issued arrest warrants for the parents of a former police investigator who gave evidence at the trial of a turkish banker in the united states last week
"buenos aires (reuters) - argentina s previous government never asked interpol to drop arrest warrants against a group of iranians accused of bombing a jewish center
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan leapt to the defence of an ottoman military commander on wednesday after the united arab emirates foreign minister retweeted accusations that ottoman forces looted the holy city of medina during world war one. erdogan appeared to be responding to a tweet shared on saturday by uae foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahayan
"sid
"manila (reuters) - philippine president rodrigo duterte has declared a 10-day unilateral ceasefire with communist rebels to allow filipinos to celebrate a  stress-free  christmas season
 croatian police detain 17 for smuggling migrants to eu"
"london (reuters) - a man accused of plotting to kill british prime minister theresa may will go on trial next june for five weeks
"berlin (reuters) - germany would support the european commission if it opens proceedings against poland over legal reforms there
"london (reuters) - a british man accused of posting a picture of four-year-old prince george and the address of his london school as part of a series of possible targets for islamist militants will face trial from april 30
 theresa: brexit offer to eu citizens leaves many cold"
"brussels (reuters) - the european union wants a transition period after brexit to end no later than dec. 31
"tokyo (reuters) - a tokyo-based non-governmental organization
"kabul (reuters) - one of the main parties behind afghanistan s western-backed government warned president ashraf ghani that it could withdraw its support unless he reversed the dismissal of one of its most powerful regional governors this week. the warning from the jamiat-e islami party came after ghani removed atta mohammad noor as governor of balkh
"cucuta
"moscow (reuters) - russia is working on defensive measures to prepare for possible new sanctions from the united states and other countries
"london (reuters) - president donald trump plans to visit britain in february to open the new u.s. embassy in london but will not meet queen elizabeth
 israel denies he was targeted"
"seoul (reuters) - south korea s coast guard said it fired 249 warning shots over a  group of chinese fishing boats  swarming around  one of its patrol ships in south korean waters
"seoul (reuters) - china has resumed its ban on group tours into south korea
 theresa - brexit offer to eu citizens leaves many cold"
"beijing/taipei (reuters) - china has condemned a taiwan government probe into a tiny but passionately pro-china opposition party
"bangkok (reuters) - thailand aims to get its air safety rating upgraded by the u.s. federal aviation administration (faa) by march
"hanoi (reuters) - vietnam police on wednesday ordered the prosecution of a former executive at scandal-hit state energy company petrovietnam over financial losses
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico recognized honduran president juan orlando hernandez on tuesday as the winner of last month s election
"dakar (reuters) - u.n. investigators zaida catalan and michael sharp were on familiar ground when they sat down with local leaders in central congo in march to discuss a widening seven-month-old conflict in the area. the pair   experienced members of a panel monitoring the sanctions regime in democratic republic of congo for the u.n. security council   were meeting members of the kamuina nsapu
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron s popularity jumped back above 50 percent thanks in part to better ratings among the young and the working class
"mexico city (reuters) - a journalist was shot dead on tuesday in the mexican state of veracruz as he attended a christmas celebration at his son s school
"(reuters) - attacks by rohingya muslim insurgents on the myanmar security forces in rakhine state triggered a response by the army and buddhist vigilantes so brutal a senior u.n. official denounced it as a textbook example of ethnic cleansing. days
 moon postponing drills"
"united nations/washington (reuters) - the united states has given china a draft resolution for tougher u.n. sanctions on north korea and is hoping for a quick vote on it by the u.n. security council
"(reuters) - any delay in south korea-u.s. military drills would depend on whether north korea carries out provocations during the 2018 winter olympics
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi air defenses shot down a ballistic missile fired by yemen s houthi group towards riyadh on tuesday
"united nations (reuters) - u.s. ambassador to the united nations nikki haley said a missile fired by yemen s houthi group toward saudi arabia on tuesday  bears all the hallmarks of previous attacks using iranian-provided weapons  as she pushed the u.n. security council to act. saudi air defenses shot down the ballistic missile and there were no reports of casualties or damage. in contrast
"caracas (reuters) - venezuelan leftist president nicolas maduro said on tuesday that  terrorists  had broken into a national guard unit over the weekend and stolen weapons
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico is poised to recognize honduran president juan orlando hernandez as the winner of last month s election
"mexico city (reuters) - twelve people died and 18 were injured on tuesday in mexico s  state of quintana roo when a tour bus lost control and rolled over during an excursion to ancient ruins. the bus was carrying 31 passengers
"kiev/novoluhanske
 myanmar silent on whereabouts of detained reuters journalists"
"london (reuters) - british mps who inflicted defeat on prime minister theresa may last week in parliament over brexit have signalled a possible compromise to avoid another row on wednesday when legislation taking britain out of the eu is debated. the european union (withdrawal) bill
"brussels (reuters) - the european union s executive may trigger a process on wednesday to begin to strip poland of its voting rights in the bloc
"montreal (reuters) - a canadian jury on tuesday found a man guilty of possessing an explosive substance but cleared him and his partner of three terrorism-related charges after the government alleged they were trying to build a bomb with ingredients that included christmas lights. the montreal couple
 u.s. announce january meeting to keep pressure on north korea"
"prague (reuters) - the czech parliament revoked an election of a communist-era policeman to a police oversight job on tuesday after some lawmakers claimed the vote was manipulated. earlier
"(reuters) - several countries
"new york (reuters) - u.s. prosecutors on tuesday urged a new york jury to find mehmet hakan atilla
"brussels (reuters) - austria s new chancellor traveled to brussels on tuesday on his first foreign trip since being sworn in
"santiago (reuters) - when chile s president michelle bachelet leaves office in march
 clashes"
"brussels (reuters) - european commission president jean-claude juncker said on tuesday he approved of austria s coalition agreement
"yangon/bangkok (reuters) - in many ways wa lone and kyaw soe oo
"yangon (reuters) - at the end of an illustrated book written for children in myanmar
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department called on tuesday for the immediate release of two reuters journalists who have been detained for about a week in myanmar and whose whereabouts have not been reported to their families.  we ve been ... following the cases of the two reporters
"paris (reuters) - france s struggling socialist party said on tuesday it had agreed to sell its historic headquarters in paris  left bank for 45.5 million euros ($53.89 million)
"rio de janeiro/sao paulo (reuters) - billionaire marcelo odebrecht
"berlin (reuters) - germany should learn from security shortcomings exposed by a deadly truck attack on a berlin christmas market a year ago and increase aid to survivors and families of victims
 opponent warns of 'civil war'"
tegucigalpa (reuters) - the head of an opposition alliance in honduras on tuesday said the group would file a legal challenge to annul the official results of last month s disputed vote that handed victory to the sitting president.  
 uk's may talk middle east peace - white house"
 arresting teachers and holding 100 children"
"berlin (reuters) - a 96-year-old german convicted over his role in the murders of 300
 seeks ceasefire extension"
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican leftist andres manuel lopez obrador has an 11-percentage point lead ahead of next year s presidential election
"kampala (reuters) - uganda s parliament abruptly adjourned a debate on tuesday over extending president yoweri museveni s decades in power after a lawmaker said soldiers had entered the building and members of parliament scuffled with police.  there were so many (soldiers)
"valletta (reuters) - the bomb used to kill maltese anti-corruption blogger daphne caruana galizia was probably triggered by a call from a boat off malta
"united nations/geneva (reuters) - the united nations will propose to syria s warring parties a timeline for elections and guidance on constitutional reform in a bid to revive stalled peace talks
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican prosecutors are failing to systematically punish money launderers and tax authorities are too lax with potential drug money fronts such as real estate and luxury goods firms
 europe warns christmas air travellers"
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwean president emmerson mnangagwa gave his clearest signal yet on tuesday that he would appoint as vice president the military leader who led the de facto coup that ousted former leader robert mugabe last month. at a ceremony marking constantino chiwenga s retirement and handover of the military reins to phillip sibanda at an army barracks near harare s international airport
"sulaimaniya
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi said on tuesday he would take action if any citizen was attacked in the country s northern semi-autonomous kurdistan region
 take it off air: nrt chief"
 defusing crisis"
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may urged donald trump to bring forward proposals on achieving peace in the middle east after the u.s. president recognised jerusalem as israel s capital. may spoke to trump by telephone on tuesday.  they discussed the different positions we took on the recognition of jerusalem as the israeli capital
 family"
"united nations (reuters) - the united states has proposed that the united nations security council blacklist 10 ships for transporting banned items from north korea
000 migrants from libya in 2018"
" (in 13th paragraph of dec. 18 item
"singapore/seoul (reuters) - a series of recent cyber attacks has netted north korean hackers millions of dollars in virtual currencies like bitcoin
"paris (reuters) - two french ministers said on tuesday they had no immediate plans to overhaul legislation to make it easier to target corrupt foreign firms - a change demanded by their own anti-graft agency. charles duchaine
"yangon (reuters) - myanmar authorities have found 10 bodies buried in a mass grave on the edge of a village in rakhine state
"cairo (reuters) - an egyptian military officer was killed and two other people were wounded in a shell attack on a military airport near the town of arish in the north sinai region on tuesday
"vienna (reuters) - austria s new coalition government will press ahead with plans to offer citizenship to the german-speaking minority in northern italy
"london (reuters) - britain s biggest ever warship
 russian
"ankara (reuters) - iran said on tuesday u.s. president donald trump cannot cause its nuclear deal with six major powers to collapse.   the nuclear deal will not collapse... those who hope that trump will cause its collapse
"johannesburg (reuters) - when cyril ramaphosa won the tight vote to become the new leader of the african national congress on monday after years of near-misses
"mazar-i-sharif
"london (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump and british prime minister theresa may will speak in a call scheduled for later on tuesday
"berlin (reuters) - the german government condemned tuesday s firing of a ballistic missile by the houthi militia toward riyadh
 anger at morales grows"
"amman (reuters) - palestinian billionaire sabih al-masri
"johannesburg (reuters) - south african banking stocks rallied on tuesday
"johannesburg (reuters) - south african deputy president cyril ramaphosa was elected leader of the african national congress on monday in a close-run vote that will set the direction for the country and the scandal-plagued party that has ruled since the end of apartheid. as anc leader
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey will take the resolution calling on the united states to withdraw its declaration of jerusalem as the israeli capital to the united nations general assembly
"london (reuters) - a major road in east london was partially closed due to a significant police incident on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - honduran opposition candidate salvador nasralla called on united states on tuesday not to recognize results announced in his country s presidential election and to suspend aid until a new vote can be held. speaking at news conference in washington
"zagreb (reuters) - croatia and slovenia failed to reach a compromise solution for their border dispute in talks on tuesday
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may told her cabinet on tuesday britain s objective in leaving the eu should be a deal that enables it to set rules suited to its situation
"bucharest (reuters) - romanian lawmakers voted on tuesday to enact judicial changes that critics say will undermine graft investigations by weakening the president s oversight. the move brings the country
"johannesburg (reuters) - new anc leader cyril ramaphosa said on tuesday the  top six  of south africa s ruling party comprised politicians from different sides of its ideological divides and he expected the party to emerge from this week s leadership conference stronger. analysts have warned that the party s top decision-making group could fail to agree on policy
"london (reuters) - britain said north korea was behind the  wannacry  cyber attack that infected computers around the globe earlier this year on tuesday
"berlin (reuters) - german federal prosecutors on tuesday finalised their ban on an islamist association accused of radicalizing youngsters
 jordan's king abdullah
"ljubljana (reuters) - slovenia
"(reuters) - south korean president moon jae-in said he was willing to take steps to ease tensions on the korean peninsula ahead of next year s winter olympics in pyeongchang
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron said on tuesday that bashar al-assad was the enemy of millions of his own people and in no position to lecture france
"geneva (reuters) - air strikes by the saudi-led military coalition in yemen have killed at least 136 civilians and non-combatants since dec. 6
"bangkok (reuters) - thai prime minister prayuth chan-ocha said on tuesday he would use a special order that gives the military sweeping powers to allow political parties to prepare for next year s general election.  major parties had urged the government for months to lift a ban on political activity
 send in bomb disposal team"
 but won't say why"
"tunis (reuters) - tunisia will hold long-delayed municipal elections in 2018
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesia s vice president said on tuesday that calls for a boycott of u.s. goods over president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel were misguided - not least because of the country s reliance on u.s. technology.  there have been a series of protests in the world s biggest muslim-majority country since trump s controversial move this month to reverse decades of u.s. policy. at a rally of about 80
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on tuesday that former soviet countries were being threatened by militants using central asia and the middle east as a springboard for expansion
 says unrelated to rights"
"helsinki (reuters) - a senior politician in finland s euroskeptic finns party said on tuesday he would step down from the leadership of the party
"ankara (reuters) - the u.s. embassy in turkey said on tuesday that visa appointments were only available from early 2019
 opposition labour leader corbyn says"
"hanoi (reuters) - vietnamese police have ordered the prosecution of an official at scandal-hit state energy firm petrovietnam over financial losses
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin dismissed u.s. president donald trump s new national security strategy as imperialist on tuesday
"ankara (reuters) - iran summoned the swiss ambassador on tuesday to condemn what it called an  irresponsible  claim by the u.s. ambassador to the u.n. that tehran supplied a missile fired at saudi arabia from yemen on nov. 4
 u.s. 'determined' to up pressure on iran over ballistic weapons"
"london (reuters) - britain s electoral commission said on tuesday it has fined the liberal democrats party 18
"berlin (reuters) - at least 65 media workers around the world have been killed doing their jobs this year
 age 95
"beijing (reuters) - cooperation between china and the united states will lead to a win-win outcome for both sides
"havana (reuters) - boxy russian-built lada automobiles still rattle around cuba
"moscow (reuters) - russia has detained a norwegian citizen it suspects of spying
 should be ended: turkish minister"
"tokyo (reuters) - japan formally decided on tuesday it would expand its ballistic missile defense system with u.s.-made ground-based aegis radar stations and interceptors in response to a growing threat from north korean rockets. a proposal to build two aegis ashore batteries was approved by prime minister shinzo abe s cabinet. the sites without the missiles will likely cost at least $2 billion and are not likely to be operational until 2023 at the earliest
"tokyo (reuters) - japan and south korea agreed on tuesday on the importance of china s role in dealing with the threat from north korea s nuclear and missile programs
"yokosuka (reuters) - the u.s. navy s top officer on tuesday said that vessels from eastern pacific could be brought forward to reinforce u.s. naval power in asia as washington contends with increased threats in the region and accidents that have weakened its maritime force.  we will continue to assure that we meet all of our missions here in the asia pacific area. it could be something coming forward from third fleet or something like that to meet those requirements
"manila (reuters) - philippine fishermen rescued three australians adrift at sea for days after their yacht capsized in the country s south
 american
"sydney (reuters) - australian prime minister malcolm turnbull on tuesday named a new attorney general and promoted two junior lawmakers from rural queensland state to his cabinet in a reshuffle he hopes will bolster his flagging popularity. australian leaders often revamp cabinets before the start of a new year but for center-right turnbull the move is an attempt to salvage his leadership
"buenos aires (reuters) - argentina s congress was on track to pass a pension reform measure on monday
"lima (reuters) - a leading peruvian opposition lawmaker on monday called for the country s vice president martin vizcarra to govern the country if congress ousts president pedro pablo kuczynski over graft allegations he denies. enough political parties have committed to backing a motion to oust kuczynski in a scheduled vote in the opposition-run congress on thursday. kuczynski has repeatedly said there was nothing improper about recently disclosed business ties that he once denied having with odebrecht [odbes.ul]
"caracas (reuters) - a power outage hit parts of the venezuelan capital caracas as well as the nearby states of miranda and vargas for around five hours on monday
"houston (reuters) - an activist investor in chevron corp said on monday it filed a shareholder resolution that would require the oil producer to report on the feasibility of ending operations in myanmar
 israel because of u.s. tax vote"
"beirut (reuters) - a lebanese taxi driver with a previous arrest for drug use has confessed to killing a british woman who worked at the british embassy in beirut
"istanbul/berlin (reuters) - turkey has released german journalist mesale tolu after nearly eight months in prison on the condition that she does not leave the country
"johannesburg (reuters) - the nearly man of south african politics
"united nations (reuters) - the united states was further isolated on monday over president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital when it blocked a united nations security council call for the declaration to be withdrawn. the remaining 14 council members voted in favor of the egyptian-drafted resolution
"ankara (reuters) - turkey regrets the vetoing by the united states on monday of a u.n. security council resolution that called for the u.s. declaration of jerusalem as israel s capital to be withdrawn
"brasilia (reuters) - brazilian finance minister henrique meirelles said on monday he would consider his chances of winning before deciding whether to run as a candidate in next year s presidential elections. meirelles
"brasilia (reuters) - brazil s finance minister henrique meirelles will speak to major credit rating agencies on thursday as the government scrambles to avoid a sovereign debt downgrade due to growing doubts that its proposed pension reform can rein in surging public debt. a vote on the unpopular bill to overhaul the social security system
"harare (reuters) - the head of zimbabwe s military looks set to be appointed vice president as the government said on monday he would retire pending  redeployment  in what is seen as a reward for leading a de facto coup last month that ended robert mugabe s 37-year rule and brought emmerson mnangagwa to power. mnangagwa has said he will fill the two vice presidential posts in the next few days and constantino chiwenga is the top contender in a reflection of the army s consolidation of power since it turned against the 93-year-old mugabe. mnangagwa has appointed several senior military officers to his cabinet and the ruling party s executive politburo since he was sworn in as president on nov. 24. army commander phillip sibanda will succeed chiwenga as defense forces chief
 cyber-attacks"
 canadian counterpart to discuss border security
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump unveiled a new national security strategy on monday
"washington (reuters) - the united states is pressing for the delivery of world food program shipments to yemen and the installation of new cranes at a key port amid a conflict in the nation that has killed or wounded more than 60
"yaounde (reuters) - militants seeking independence for cameroon s english-speaking regions killed four gendarmes on monday
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may told parliament her plan on monday for a brexit transition period with broadly the same access to european union markets but was met with scepticism from pro-brexit lawmakers fearful of a watered-down eu exit. may secured an agreement with eu leaders last week to move previously-deadlocked talks forward onto the topic of interim and long-term trading arrangements. on monday
"mildenhall
"kabul (reuters) - islamic state claimed responsibility for an attack on monday near a training facility of afghanistan s main intelligence agency in the capital
"paris (reuters) - the death toll from a collision between a train and a school bus near the town of perpignan in southwestern france has risen to six
 may say international community should be active in solving jerusalem issue - turkish sources"
 few protesters as far right enters austrian government"
"rome (reuters) - italian politicians denounced on monday a proposal by austria s new government to offer passports to german-speaking residents of the northern italian province of alto adige. the idea was included in a 180-page coalition program signed on saturday after weeks of negotiations by austria s anti-immigration freedom party and the conservative people s party. the accord risked tearing at fragile ethnic fault lines which run through the autonomous area of alto adige
"kabul (reuters) - one of afghanistan s most powerful regional politicians was ousted as governor of the northern province of balkh on monday
"santiago (reuters) - billionaire conservative sebastian pinera will begin a second term as chile s president in march with a strong mandate after trouncing his center-left opponent in sunday s election
"mazar-i-sharif
"ramallah
"nairobi (reuters) - a kenyan court on monday awarded a young woman four million shillings in damages after she was strip-searched by police who said they were looking for drugs. the incident in august 2015 provoked an outcry in the east african country after images of the half-naked 18-year-old schoolgirl were posted on social media. she pleaded guilty to possession of marijuana shortly after the incident and was sentenced to 18 months on probation. in the lawsuit she later filed jointly with a child rights group
"mogadishu (reuters) - the government of somali will do all it can to pay salaries and buy equipment for its soldiers as it begins to lose international support
"kampala (reuters) - a move to change uganda s constitution to allow president yoweri museveni to rule beyond the age of 75 provoked rowdy scenes in parliament on monday in which six legislators were ejected from the chamber. museveni
"berlin (reuters) - an israeli man appealed on monday against a german court s ruling upholding kuwait airways  right to ban him from boarding a flight due to his citizenship
"paris (reuters) - the kremlin-funded russian broadcaster rt was due to launch its french language news channel on monday night amid heavy suspicion by the government and president emmanuel macron who has dubbed it  an organ of propaganda . macron has led official criticism of rt
"addis ababa (reuters) - south sudanese rebels accused the government army of attacking one of their bases overnight as a new round of peace talks between the warring sides opened in the ethiopian capital on monday.  rebel spokesman lam paul gabriel said government troops attacked a rebel base in the town of lasu in the south of the country late on sunday.   they are in the io base
"(reuters) - myanmar has accused reuters reporters wa lone
"(reuters) - several countries
"yangon (reuters) - myanmar s civilian president htin kyaw
"beirut (reuters) - syrian president bashar al-assad on monday described u.s.-backed militias in eastern syria as  traitors 
"rome (reuters) - the leader of the anti-establishment 5-star movement
"abuja (reuters) - a major nigerian oil union suspended a nationwide strike on monday
"sulaimaniyah
"moscow (reuters) - russian deputy foreign minister gennady gatilov said on monday that u.n. mediator on syria staffan de mistura might visit moscow before the end of the year
"denpasar
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi forces are preparing a fresh attack on kurdish peshmerga fighters
 jailed leader offers olive branch to spain"
"beijing (reuters) - china s foreign ministry on monday defended trade with the united states as a win-win scenario ahead of a speech by u.s. president donald trump laying out a new national security strategy that makes clear that china is a competitor. trump has praised chinese president xi jinping while also demanding that beijing increase pressure on north korea over its nuclear program and changes in trade practices to make them more favorable to the united states. chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman hua chunying said she was unable to comment on the strategy until it was unveiled. but in principle
"berlin (reuters) - a german court sentenced a 27-year-old german supporter of islamic state to three years and three months in prison on monday for plotting to lure police or soldiers into a trap and kill them with a home-made bomb. the ruling came with german authorities on high alert ahead of tuesday s anniversary of an attack last year in which a failed tunisian asylum-seeker plowed a truck into crowds at an outdoor christmas market and killed 12 people. prosecutors said the suspect
"sofia (reuters) - bulgarian authorities have detained a gang suspected of smuggling migrants from iraq
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian security forces on monday killed five suspected militants and arrested 10 others in raids in the north of the country
"kiev/chisinau (reuters) - moldova recalled its ambassador to russia for consultations in response to the harassment and intimidation by russian authorities of moldovan politicians and officials
"jerusalem (reuters) - the israeli military said it attacked a hamas training compound in gaza on monday in response to rocket strikes from the palestinian enclave
"dubai (reuters) - the palestinian leadership may turn to the u.n. general assembly if washington vetoes a draft u.n. security council resolution to reaffirm jerusalem s status as unresolved
 flares as albania picks interim prosecutor"
"yangon (reuters) - myanmar s army said on monday that security forces have discovered a mass grave on the edge of a village in rakhine state
' lebanon says 'no
"vienna (reuters) - ministers from austria s main conservative people s party (ovp) and the anti-immigration freedom party (fpo) were sworn in on monday
"berlin (reuters) - chancellor angela merkel said on monday she wanted to conclude exploratory talks on a possible coalition with the center-left social democrats (spd) by mid-january to end germany s political deadlock. merkel was asked if comments by her and president emmanuel macron that germany and france hope to make progress on ideas to reform the euro zone by march were realistic
"manila (reuters) - at least 26 people were killed while several residents were missing in an island province in central philippines after tropical storm kai-tak brought heavy rains that triggered landslides
"london (reuters) - princess charlotte
"valletta (reuters) - a second magistrate in less than a week has recused herself from hearing court evidence in malta against three men accused of the murder of anti-corruption blogger daphne caruana galizia. the double abstention has jeopardized the launch of judicial proceedings against the three men and underscored the interwoven nature of public life on the mediterranean island of malta - the smallest nation in the european union. the initial magistrate assigned to the case stood down last thursday after defense lawyers complained that she knew one of caruana galizia s sisters and had sent her condolences following the oct. 16 killing. on monday
"new delhi (reuters) - india s ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) was set to win an election in prime minister narendra modi s home state on monday
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s army declared an end on monday to the military intervention that ousted robert mugabe
" oscow (reuters) - russia will be the only country to take part in rebuilding syrian energy facilities
"stockholm (reuters) - rakhmat akilov
"london (reuters) - an interim review into uk building regulations commissioned after the grenfell tower social housing block fire in london which killed 71 people in june
"beirut (reuters) - a lebanese taxi driver with a previous arrest for drug use has confessed to killing a british woman who worked at the british embassy in beirut
"helsinki (reuters) - finnish police searched a reporter s home and seized her computer after she tried to destroy the hard drive to protect sources linked to a security story
"beijing (reuters) - china s air force carried out another round of long-range drills on monday
"mogadishu (reuters) - somali security forces have arrested a former minister and outspoken government critic after clashing with his bodyguards during an overnight raid on his home
"brussels (reuters) - the belgian trial of a key suspect in the november 2015 islamic state attack on paris was postponed on monday for seven weeks
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel said on monday she hoped to conclude exploratory talks with the social democrats (spd) on forming a government by mid-january so that both parties can launch official negotiations on renewing their alliance. merkel made the comments after she was asked if comments by french president emmanuel macron that he hoped to make progress with germany on ideas to reform the euro zone by march were realistic.       we want to build a stable government
"kuala lumpur (reuters) - malaysian prime minister najib razak on monday likely gained ground ahead of national elections next year when the court of appeal ruled that the election commission can go ahead with a controversial redrawing of voting boundaries. critics have called out the government over what they describe as skewing the borders in najib s favour in the redelineation process as he seeks to win a third term in an election that must be held by august. the government denies the charge. opponents of the redrawing process say it does not address an imbalanced distribution of voters
"dhaka (reuters) - hundreds of people rushed to a bangladeshi community centre prayer meeting to get free food packets on monday
"berlin (reuters) - germany on monday said its continued support for iraq and the semi-autonomous kurdistan regional government was contingent on peaceful efforts by both sides to resolve their differences. the german government has provided more than 1 billion euros  ($1.2 billion) in humanitarian
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish authorities issued detention warrants on monday for 106 people believed to have worked as matchmakers for a network accused of orchestrating last year s failed military coup
"moscow (reuters) - a u.s. tip-off about a planned attack in st. petersburg helped save many lives and russia and the united states should try to cooperate in the same way in future
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov and his iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif discussed the middle east and iran s nuclear deal in a phone conversation
"berlin (reuters) - germany expects to work closely together with austria s new government
"yangon (reuters) - a group of myanmar journalists said they would begin wearing black t-shirts on saturday in protest at the detention of two reuters reporters accused of violating the country s official secrets act
"johannesburg (reuters) - voting for the new leader of south africa s ruling anc ended on monday about ten hours after delegates began casting ballots for either deputy president cyril ramaphosa or nkosazana dlamini-zuma
 two children
"manila (reuters) - the philippine congress approved a bill that removes a proposed 900 million pesos ($17.87 million) for the police war on drugs
"new delhi (reuters) - a dozen arab ambassadors have asked india to clarify its position on the u.s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - the organization of american states (oas) said late on sunday that honduras should hold new presidential elections
 firing on security forces"
"lima (reuters) - neither of peru s two vice presidents would open the door to new elections by resigning if president pedro pablo kuczynski was forced from office
"moscow (reuters) - russian deputy foreign minister sergei ryabkov said moscow hopes that the united states and north korea will start a dialogue
"milan (reuters) - the remains of victor emmanuel iii
"sydney (reuters) - australian prime minister malcolm turnbull will reshuffle his cabinet within a day
"addis ababa (reuters) - at least 61 people have been killed in clashes between different ethnic groups in ethiopia s oromiya region
"manila (reuters) - maoist rebels attacked soldiers delivering relief aid to parts of the central philippines where a typhoon killed at least 32 people
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump will lay out a new u.s. national security strategy on monday based on his  america first  policy and will
 including president's sister"
"asuncion (reuters) - paraguayan senator mario abdo benitez
"santiago (reuters) - conservative sebastian pinera won chile s presidential election by a wider-than-forecast margin on sunday
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduran center-left candidate salvador nasralla said on sunday it was clear there had been fraud  before
 russia say"
 china lavishes aid on pakistan town"
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may will pitch her plan for a brexit transition period with unchanged access to european union markets when she briefs lawmakers on monday about her latest negotiating trip to brussels. may secured an agreement last week to move previously-deadlocked talks forward onto the topic of interim and long-term trading arrangements. on monday she will report back to parliament on those talks
"geneva (reuters) - the top u.n. human rights official has said he would not be surprised if a court one day ruled that acts of genocide had been committed against the rohingya muslim minority in myanmar
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s anc delegates started voting early on monday to elect a leader to succeed president jacob zuma as head of a party that has ruled since the end of apartheid but has faced scandals and corruption allegations. whoever emerges at the helm of the african national congress
"tripoli (reuters) - gunmen fatally shot the mayor of libya s third-largest city
"bauchi
"santiago (reuters) - center-left presidential candidate alejandro guillier conceded the chilean presidency to billionaire conservative sebastian pinera on sunday
"santiago (reuters) - billionaire former president sebastian pinera will likely win chile s presidential election on sunday
"santiago (reuters) - conservative sebastian pinera took an early lead of more than seven percentage points in chile s presidential election on sunday
"paris (reuters) - the military campaign against islamic state in syria should be completed in february following the end of fighting against the militant group in iraq
 renewables to help french co2 reduction goals
"london (reuters) - iranian state television broadcast on sunday what it described as the confessions of an iranian academic with swedish residency who it said had provided information to israel to help it assassinate several senior nuclear scientists.  his wife
"bogota (reuters) - colombia s leftist eln rebels said on sunday they are willing to extend a ceasefire set to expire next month if there is sufficient progress at peace talks with the government. the national liberation army (eln) and the government have been in public peace talks in quito for 10 months
"washington (reuters) - u.s. intelligence agencies provided advanced warning to russia about a major terrorist plot in st. petersburg
"milan (reuters) - the leader of italy s main opposition party said he was keeping the option of a referendum on the euro open in the event his party won elections and failed to convince brussels of the need to change some of the euro zone s economic rules. in comments made on state tv on sunday
 hints may run in elections"
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico s national human rights commission (cndh) may take legal action against a bill that would enshrine into law the use of the army in the country s long war against drug cartels
"bucharest (reuters) - thousands of romanians protested in freezing weather across the country on sunday against attempts by the ruling social democrats to overhaul the judiciary
"beirut/london (reuters) - a female british embassy worker has been found strangled near a highway outside beirut
"united nations (reuters) - the united nations security council is due to vote on monday on a draft resolution calling for the withdrawal of u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel
"bethlehem
"berlin (reuters) - germany s social democrats (spd) leader martin schulz wants chancellor angela merkel s conservatives to leave the powerful finance ministry to his center-left party in coalition talks
"colombo (reuters) - fifty couples from china tied the knot in the sri lankan capital on sunday in a mass wedding ceremony
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey intends to open an embassy in east jerusalem
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian police clashed with backers of opposition leader mikheil saakashvili on sunday and prevented them from forcing their way into kiev s october palace after a rally against president petro poroshenko. the confrontation
"vatican city (reuters) - tens of thousands of people
 dlamini-zuma formally nominated to run for president of anc"
 killing nine"
"london (reuters) - iran on sunday criticized french president emmanuel macron over his tough stance toward tehran and said paris would soon lose its international credibility if it  blindly follows  u.s. president donald trump. tensions between iran and france have risen in recent months after macron said tehran should be less aggressive in the middle east
"bangkok (reuters) - armed insurgents stopped and torched a bangkok-bound passenger bus on a highway in southern thailand on sunday
"kandahar
"cairo (reuters) - islamic state claimed an attack on a church in the pakistani city of quetta on sunday which killed at least five people
"amman (reuters) - sabih al masri
"algiers (reuters) - a small christmas market has opened in algeria s capital
 in about-face
 russian
 newspaper reports"
"libreville (reuters) - an attacker wielding a knife and crying  allahu akbar  has wounded two danish journalists in gabon s capital libreville
 says may ahead of crunch cabinet meetings"
"taipei (reuters) - at least one chinese air force yun-8 transport plane conducted a long-haul flight near taiwan on sunday
"melbourne (reuters) - australian police said on sunday they had arrested a man accused of working on the black market to sell missile components and coal on behalf of north korea
"jakarta (reuters) - tens of thousands of muslims marched from the main mosque in indonesia s capital to a square in jakarta on sunday to protest against u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel. it was the biggest protest in indonesia since trump s controversial move earlier this month to reverse decades of u.s. policy. police estimated the number attending the rally
"beijing (reuters) - a second prototype of china s home-built c919 passenger jet took off for a test flight in shanghai on sunday
"seoul (reuters) - south korea s foreign minister will visit japan this week to meet her japanese counterpart
 at least 15 missing"
"united nations (reuters) - the united nations security council is considering a draft resolution that would insist any decisions on the status of jerusalem have no legal effect and must be rescinded after u.s. president donald trump recognized the city as israel s capital.  the one-page egyptian-drafted text
"toronto (reuters) - canadian police are investigating the mysterious deaths of pharmaceuticals billionaire barry sherman
"brasilia (reuters) - brazil s leftist workers party (pt) approved a resolution on saturday formally supporting the candidacy of former president luiz inacio lula da silva
"edinburgh (reuters) - britain must strike a strong trade deal with the european union after brexit and avoid becoming a subordinate state of the bloc
"edinburgh (reuters) - a poll has found that 51 percent of britons would now keep european union membership while 41 percent want to leave the bloc
"lima (reuters) - brazilian builder odebrecht [odbes.ul] said saturday that its recently-disclosed business ties to embattled peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski were not part of the corrupt deals it struck with politicians that it has acknowledged to prosecutors. the assertion might strengthen kuczynski s bid to survive a vote to remove him from office on thursday in the opposition-ruled congress over allegations he took bribes from odebrecht
"vienna (reuters) - austria is set to become the only western european country with a far-right party in government after the anti-immigration freedom party and sebastian kurz s conservatives struck a coalition deal to share power almost equally. in an early policy pronouncement
"vienna (reuters) - austrian conservatives and the anti-immigrant freedom party (fpo) have agreed to expand voter participation in legislative matters in their coalition deal to bring the state closer to the citizens
"vienna (reuters) - the leader of austria s main conservative party
"(reuters) - several countries
"amman (reuters) - sabih al-masri
"zurich (reuters) - austria s new coalition government of conservatives and the far-right freedom party will be sworn in on monday at 11 a.m. (1000 gmt)
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron celebrates his 40th birthday this weekend in the grounds of a former royal palace
"tripoli (reuters) - libya s coastal guard has rescued more than 250 illegal migrants trying to leave the north african country in small boats bound for italy
"vienna (reuters) - the austrian far-right freedom party (fpo) has agreed to rule out a referendum on austria leaving the european union as part of a coalition deal with conservatives led by sebastian kurz
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s government plan to offer free higher education for students from poor and working class households will be implemented in a  fiscally sustainable manner 
"buenos aires (reuters) - argentina fired the head of its navy a month after a submarine disappeared in the south atlantic with 44 crew members onboard
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian presidential hopeful ahmed shafik apologized on saturday to supporters who were arrested this week and called on authorities to resolve the situation. police arrested three members of shafik s egyptian national movement on wednesday and charged them with spreading false information harmful to national security
"vienna (reuters) - austria s newly formed conservative far-right coalition government said on saturday it would be a reliable partner in a european union it seeks to reform to return more power to national governments.  we will contribute as an active and reliable partner to the further development of the eu
"johannesburg (reuters) - south african president jacob zuma said on saturday allegations of private businesses wielding undue influence in his government will be investigated by a judicial commission of inquiry. the country s high court ruled on wednesday that zuma must set up a judicial inquiry into state influence-peddling within 30 days
"vienna (reuters) - austria s center-right people s party (ovp) led by sebastian kurz and the anti-immigration freedom party (fpo) have agreed to form a coalition government. the deal marks a major victory for a european far-right party after a flurry of elections this year
"jerusalem (reuters) - nazareth
" ((refiles december 15 story to clarify areas of control in shabwa
"bucharest (reuters) - thousands of romanians lined the streets of bucharest on saturday for the funeral of the country s former king michael
 interior ministries - spokesman"
"vienna (reuters) - insurance executive hartwig loeger will be austria s next finance minister
"johannesburg (reuters) - nkosazana dlamini-zuma is a fierce campaigner against racial inequality whose hostility to big business has rattled investors in south africa. she is also one of two front runners to be the country s next president. the 68-year-old is vying to succeed her ex-husband
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s ruling african national congress elects a new party leader to succeed president jacob zuma at a conference starting on saturday. the winner will be favorite to become president of the country after a 2019 national election. below are the main anc leadership hopefuls. nkosazana dlamini-zuma and cyril ramaphosa are the two front runners. nkosazana dlamini-zuma the former minister and chairwoman of the african union commission has served in the cabinets of every south african president in the post-apartheid era. dlamini-zuma was married to president zuma for over a decade and has four children with him. she is backed by the anc s influential women s and youth leagues
"johannesburg (reuters) - the nearly man of south african politics
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov and his french counterpart jean-yves le drian discussed the situation in syria and other issues during a phone conversation on dec. 14
"sydney (reuters) - australia s conservative coalition government regained its razor-thin parliamentary majority on saturday after inner sydney voters re-elected a former professional tennis player in a special poll triggered by a constitutional crisis. the liberal party victory in the blue-ribbon sydney seat of bennelong is a much-needed relief for prime minister malcolm turnbull
"rome (reuters) - the united states has denied suggestions it undermined an investigation into a massive data breach at the italian cybersecurity firm hacking team
"bangkok (reuters) - thai authorities have arrested a local tour guide for indecent behavior at a temple after she posted a photograph online that showed her standing on a pagoda
 kills three"
"lima (reuters) - president pedro pablo kuczynski s chances of surviving the political crisis gripping peru faded on friday after congress passed a motion to start  presidential vacancy  procedures with enough votes to unseat him within a week. the opposition-controlled congress voted 93-17 on friday to seek his removal from office over graft allegations
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s african national congress said on saturday its executive committee had decided that anc officials barred by courts from attending its leadership conference this weekend would not take part in voting.  we had a special (committee meeting)
 opposition fail to reach deal"
"mexico city (reuters) - the front-runner in mexico s 2018 election has embraced a small
"new delhi (reuters) - indian police arrested a christian priest and were questioning  members of a seminary after a hardline hindu group accused them of trying to convert villagers to christianity by distributing bibles and singing carols
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa will raise subsidies to universities to 1 percent of gross domestic product over the next five years from nearly 0.7 percent at present as recommended by a commission on higher education funding
"melbourne (reuters) - a papua new guinea court has given hundreds of asylum-seekers who were held for years in a controversial australian detention center the right to sue the png government for compensation
"toronto (reuters) - canadian police said they were investigating the mysterious deaths of barry sherman
"seoul (reuters) - a north korean soldier who suffered critical gunshot wounds during a defection dash across the border to south korea has been transferred to a military hospital
"united nations (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on friday urged north korea to carry out a  sustained cessation  of weapons testing to allow the two countries to hold talks about pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs. tillerson s remarks were a retreat from his position earlier this week when he offered to begin direct talks with north korea without preconditions
"mexico city (reuters) - human rights activist juan carlos soni fears a new security law passed by mexico s congress on friday could mean his death after he suffered beatings
"united nations/yangon (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on friday that the united states was demanding  the immediate release  of two reuters reporters arrested in myanmar  or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance.  the united states joined mounting demands for the reporters to be freed. the united nations
"united nations (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on friday that the u.s. government has demanded the release of two reuters reporters being held in myanmar.  our local representatives at the mission in myanmar
"(reuters) - several countries
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on friday that analysis continued on north korea s most recent missile test
"washington/yangon (reuters) - the united states has identified one person it might impose sanctions on over the brutal crackdown in myanmar against minority rohingya muslims and is examining others
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - over two dozen people were injured in clashes on friday between honduran security forces and protesters demanding a vote recount for last month s contentious and still unresolved presidential election
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s president emmerson mnangagwa told members of his ruling zanu-pf party on friday they would have to start fixing the economy if they wanted a chance of winning next year s vote. mnangagwa spoke at a party congress that drew a line under the rule of ousted veteran leader robert mugabe by formally expelling his wife grace and her allies from the organization and by endorsing mnangagwa as party chief and candidate.  we will only win at the ballot box if we can show signs that we are reviving our economy and at the same time we will only be able to make economic gains if we can secure re-election
"dakar (reuters) - air traffic controllers ended a strike at senegal s main airport on friday
"buenos aires (reuters) - argentina s lower house of congress will try on monday to debate the government s pension bill
"mexico city (reuters) - the powerful former leader of mexico s largest teacher s union
"washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president mike pence will underscore the u.s. partnership with israel during a trip to the middle east next week while seeking to shore up u.s. relations with the arab world after president donald trump recognized jerusalem as the capital of israel. pence
"lima (reuters) - president pedro pablo kuczynski s chances of surviving the political crisis gripping peru faded on friday after congress passed a motion to start  presidential vacancy  procedures with enough votes to unseat him within a week. the opposition-controlled congress voted 93-17 on friday to seek his removal from office over graft allegations
"berlin (reuters) - germany has tightened security at christmas markets across the country a year after a deadly truck attack on a berlin christmas market
"united nations (reuters) - united nations secretary-general antonio guterres told the security council on friday it was time to immediately re-establish and strengthen communication channels with north korea
"jerusalem/london (reuters) - an iranian blogger granted asylum in israel has been questioned by its shin bet internal security service on suspicion of illegal communication with iran
 a fake bomb belt
"vienna (reuters) - austria s conservative people s party (ovp) and the far-right freedom party (fpo) reached a coalition deal on friday
"amsterdam (reuters) - a dutchman wielding a knife was shot by military police on friday at amsterdam s schiphol airport and taken into custody
 merkel urges quick action"
"vienna (reuters) - austrian conservatives led by sebastian kurz have reached a coalition deal with the anti-immigration freedom party
"washington (reuters) - the united states on friday urged supporters of the syrian government to press it to  participate fully  in negotiations with the opposition
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s robert mugabe may have been deposed as president
"johannesburg (reuters) - the african national congress (anc)
"brasilia (reuters) - brazil s government has secured between 270 and 280 of the 308 votes needed to approve a bill to overhaul the country s bloated social security system in february
"budapest (reuters) - about a thousand hungarians protested on friday against a crackdown on the main opposition party jobbik which has been  threatened by a record political campaign fine that the party leader describes as a  death sentence  for democracy. despite the gloomy rhetoric and jobbik saying it was fighting for survival
"brussels (reuters) - soccer leagues such as england s premier league and germany s bundesliga won a reprieve on friday when eu ambassadors agreed to exclude them from the scope of a copyright reform that would help make content more easily available online. the entertainment and sports industries have been fiercely lobbying against the european commission s proposed reform of eu copyright law to make films and tv program more available across borders
"united nations (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on friday said the united states would not accept any preconditions for diplomatic talks with north korea
"brussels (reuters) - the european union agreed on friday to move brexit talks onto trade and a transition pact but some leaders cautioned that the final year of divorce negotiations before britain s exit could be fraught with peril. eu leaders
"washington (reuters) - north korea s ambassador to the united nations on friday ignored a u.s. call for a cessation of weapons testing to allow for talks with pyongyang on its nuclear program and said his country would not pose a threat to any state
"ankara (reuters) - turkey s justice minister has told his u.s. counterpart that a former turkish police investigator who testified at the trial of a turkish banker in new york this week is wanted by ankara and should be swiftly returned
"sydney (reuters) - australia should introduce a law forcing religious leaders to report child abuse
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon has set a date of may 6 next year to hold its first legislative election in nearly a decade
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico s congress on friday approved a law that enshrines the use of the army in the country s long war against drug cartels
"brussels (reuters) - european union leaders appealed for unity in a last-ditch effort to break their deadlock on sharing out refugees by june
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico s senate on friday named the country s new top prosecutor for election-related crimes
 wound 160 in protests over jerusalem"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump s u.s. middle east peace negotiator jason greenblatt will return to israel next week for talks related to the peace efforts
"london (reuters) - britain s prince harry and his american fianc e
"the hague (reuters) - dutch judges jailed a onetime aide to ethiopia s former communist ruler mengistu haile mariam for life on friday for war crimes carried out during ethiopia s  red terror  purges of the 1970s
 bus collision"
"united nations (reuters) - japan s foreign minister taro kono told the united nations security council on friday that north korea was  nowhere near ready  to abandon its nuclear and missile programs and was not interested in a meaningful dialogue.  he noted that north korea s intercontinental ballistic missile launch last month came 75 days after its previous tests.  some optimistic views labeled 75 days of silence as a positive signal. however
"ankara (reuters) - turkey is launching an initiative at the united nations to annul a decision by the united states to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"paris (reuters) - france reacted cautiously on friday to u.s. evidence which allegedly proved iran supplied weapons to houthi militia in yemen
"kampala (reuters) - south sudan s president has given top jobs to three generals facing u.n. sanctions over alleged violations during a four-year-old civil war. campaign group human rights watch called the promotions  a slap in the face of justice  - but the presidency said the three men were good officers who had been falsely accused.   in a decree read out on state radio late on thursday
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations human rights office is seriously concerned about the shelling of residential areas in iraq s northern town of tuz khurmatu in which civilians were killed
 u.n. syria talks only viable peace effort
"islamabad (reuters) - pakistan s supreme court cleared opposition leader imran khan on friday of accusations of failing to declare assets
"colombo (reuters) - the united nations on friday urged the sri lankan government to urgently implement reforms to end war-time arbitrary detention and strengthen independent monitoring of tough legislation. sri lanka has used the 1979 prevention of terrorism act (pta) to pursue a tough line to prevent aiding and abetting terrorism in the island nation s long conflict with tamil tiger rebels. that legislation gives wide powers to police to arrest a suspect without informing the immediate family
 russia securing position as assad presses war"
"moscow (reuters) - former russian economy minister alexei ulyukayev was found guilty of soliciting a $2 million bribe and sentenced to eight years in jail on friday
"brussels (reuters) - if european leaders earned points for the amount of time they spend at summits
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said on friday that washington hoped to receive more help from russian president vladimir putin in efforts to convince north korea to abandon its missile and nuclear weapons program.  the primary point was to talk about north korea
"kuala lumpur (reuters) - muslim-majority malaysia s former prime minister mahathir mohamad on friday called u.s. president donald trump an  international bully  and a  villain  for his move to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital. trump last week reversed decades of u.s. policy by recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said a possible breakdown of the iran nuclear deal would send the wrong signal when it came to trying to resolve the situation around north korea
 racism"
"brussels (reuters) - the belgian trial of one of the suspects behind the 2015 islamist attacks in paris has been postponed
 el salvador's ex-gang members seek peace"
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi shi ite paramilitary groups who took part in the war against islamic state militants should be incorporated into state security bodies
"rome/tripoli (reuters) - italy wants libya s coastguard to take responsibility within three years for intercepting migrants across about a tenth of the mediterranean even as libyan crews struggle to patrol their own coast and are accused of making deadly mistakes at sea. six years after the revolution that overthrew muammar gaddafi
"geneva (reuters) - a 30-year prison sentence for a woman in el salvador who said her child was stillborn is appalling
"berlin (reuters) - more emphasis should be placed on the holocaust in integration courses for migrants
"berlin (reuters) - leaders of germany s social democrats have voted unanimously to begin exploratory talks with chancellor angela merkel s conservatives about forming a coalition government
"copenhagen (reuters) - an italian woman who ordered the murder of her boyfriend through a website and paid a hitman in bitcoin digital currency was sentenced on friday to six years in a danish jail. the 58-year-old woman ordered the murder - which was never carried out - in march
"brussels (reuters) - european union leaders gave a green light to the main phase of brexit negotiations on friday after applauding prime minister theresa may s efforts to settle divorce terms for britain s withdrawal in march 2019. but despite a surge in optimism that the coming year can set a smooth glide path to a free trade pact via a seamless period of transition
"brussels (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron said on friday he hoped to make progress with germany on ideas to reform the euro zone by march
 return to brasilia"
"vienna (reuters) - austria s conservatives and far-right freedom party (fpo) could complete coalition talks as soon as friday evening and be sworn in on monday
 opposition sounds alarm"
 russian military pushes into foreign policy"
"madrid (reuters) - an election in catalonia will fail to conclusively resolve a political crisis over an independence drive in the region
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations human rights office is  appalled  at the hanging of 38 prisoners in iraq
"moscow (reuters) - russia s fsb security service said on friday it had detained seven members of an islamic state cell who had been planning attacks in public places
"frankfurt (reuters) - germany s thyssenkrupp
"brussels (reuters) - european union leaders gave their formal approval on friday to the opening of a second phase of brexit negotiations with britain
 businessman accused by france of tax charges"
"brussels (reuters) - nato allies on friday publicly raised concern about a russian cruise missile system that the alliance says may break a cold war-era pact banning such weapons
"beijing (reuters) - winter is bringing a frigid existence and an uncertain future for migrant workers in beijing deprived of electricity and heating as they resist a month-long campaign to evict them from the city s urban villages. a deadly fire in a hamlet of ramshackle dwellings on the capital s southern fringes last month prompted a fire safety blitz by the authorities
"cairo (reuters) - swapping new cars for cheaper models
"warsaw (reuters) - changes to poland s electoral code approved by parliament on thursday threaten the election process by introducing large new powers of the interior minister in overseeing elections
 china continues south china sea buildup: think tank"
"brussels (reuters) - the second phase brexit negotiations will be significantly harder than an already difficult first phase of talks
"brussels (reuters) - european union leaders will agree on friday to move forward with britain s exit negotiations to prepare a future trade deal
"london (reuters) - britain and its nato allies must defend deep sea cables against a potentially catastrophic attack by the russia navy that could disrupt trillions of dollars in financial transactions
"moscow (reuters) - the upper house of the russian parliament voted on friday to set march 18 as the date of next year s presidential election. the decision was approved by the russian senators unanimously
"moscow (reuters) - russia is open to working with the united states to try to solve the crisis in libya
"moscow (reuters) - russian deputy prime minister arkady dvorkovich said on friday that russia and egypt were still in talks to decide on the date that russia would resume regular flights to egypt
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodian prime minister hun sen encouraged the united states and european union on friday to freeze the assets of cambodian leaders abroad in response to his government s crackdown on the opposition and civil society. hun sen
"beijing (reuters) - the crisis over north korea s weapons programs must be resolved through talks
"moscow (reuters) - russian deputy foreign minister igor morgulov said on friday that russia was not ready to sign up to new sanctions on north korea that would strangle the asian country economically
"lima (reuters) - peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski has lost support of senior cabinet officials after it emerged he had business links to scandal-plagued brazilian company odebrecht
"hong kong (reuters) - an american serving a life sentence in a hong kong jail for the 2003  milkshake  murder of her merrill lynch banker husband made a fresh challenge against her sentence on friday. nancy kissel
"bangkok (reuters) - the chief u.s. negotiator for north korea said on friday the united states should engage in direct diplomacy with pyongyang alongside sanctions imposed over its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes. u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson offered on tuesday to begin direct talks with north korea without pre-conditions
"moscow (reuters) - russian deputy foreign minister igor morgulov said moscow had not had high-level contacts with the new north korean leadership but they were possible
 u.s. presents its evidence of iran weaponry from yemen"
"dubai (reuters) - a spokesman for yemen s houthi group on thursday dismissed u.s. accusations that iran had supplied a missile fired at saudi arabia last month
 political rights than ever before"
"lima (reuters) - peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski said late on thursday that he would not resign over a scandal involving payments that brazilian builder odebrecht paid a decade ago to a company he controlled while holding public office. in a televised address to the nation flanked by members of his cabinet
"tokyo/yangon (reuters) - the arrest of two reuters journalists in yangon this week was a signal that press freedom is shrinking in myanmar and the international community must do all it can to get them released
"tokyo (reuters) - japan will impose additional sanctions on north korea following repeated threats by pyongyang s missiles and nuclear program
"beijing (reuters) - china s naval chief has told his australian counterpart that his country s actions on the south china sea run counter to the general trend of peace and stability in the disputed waterway. australia
"santiago (reuters) - chile s presidential hopefuls ended their campaigns in downtown santiago on thursday ahead of an uncertain runoff election whose outcome will determine whether the world s top copper producer turns to the right or maintains its center-left track. voters on sunday will choose between billionaire conservative sebastian pinera and center-left senator and journalist alejandro guillier. during the november first-round election
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president trump spoke by phone on thursday with russian president vladimir putin and the two leaders  discussed working together to resolve the very dangerous situation in north korea
"rome (reuters) - the leader of italy s far-right northern league said on thursday he was suspending contacts with his main political ally
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president trump spoke by phone on thursday with russian president vladimir putin and a statement about their conversation will be released later in the day
"buenos aires (reuters) - argentina s lower house on thursday suspended a vote on president mauricio macri s pension reform plan
"paris (reuters) - four adolescents were killed when a train smashed into a school bus on a level crossing outside the town of perpignan in southwestern france on thursday. images from the scene showed the bus split in two
"brussels (reuters) - poland s new prime minister said on thursday he expected the european commission to launch an unprecedented punishment procedure against warsaw next week after months of wrangling over the rule of law. several thousand people gathered in poland s largest towns on thursday evening to protest against a judiciary system overhaul
 gender equality: trudeau"
"new york (reuters) - two nephews of venezuela s first lady were sentenced to 18 years in prison on thursday following their convictions in new york on u.s. drug trafficking charges. u.s. district judge paul crotty sentenced the two men
"mexico city (reuters) - the leftist front-runner for mexico s 2018 presidential election on thursday proposed a moderate u.s.-trained economist for finance minister
 may wins brexit cheer in brussels"
"brussels (reuters) - what a difference a year makes. a year ago
 several wounded in stabbing in southern dutch city maastricht: police"
 seeks new ideas"
"belfast (reuters) - a leader of a british far-right group
"geneva (reuters) - the international community must do more to persuade the syrian government to negotiate in u.n.-led talks
"(reuters) - four people were killed on thursday when a helicopter belonging to utility hydro one crashed in central ontario
"bogota (reuters) - colombia s government is urgently working with congress on a law that would lay out terms of surrender for crime gangs such as the gulf clan
"brussels (reuters) - european union leaders agreed on thursday to prolong for another six months the bloc s economic sanctions on russia
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian president petro poroshenko said on thursday the eu s decision to extend economic sanctions on russia was  an important political decision  on behalf of his country. the eu announced the six-month extension earlier in the day of the sanctions imposed in retaliation for russia s annexation of ukraine s crimean peninsula in 2014 and backing of separatist rebels in ukraine s eastern donbass region.  (it is) an important political decision by the leaders of the european union to continue economic sanctions against russia for violating ukraine s territorial integrity and unwillingness to stop hybrid aggression against our country
"dubai (reuters) - families are being torn apart by the rift between qatar and three other gulf arab states which began six months ago
"nairobi (reuters) - the united states is suspending food and fuel aid for most of somalia s armed forces over corruption concerns
"ikom
"washington (reuters) - two u.s. f-22 fighter aircraft fired warning flares on wednesday after two russian su-25 jets entered an agreed upon deconfliction area in airspace east of the euphrates river in syria
"brasilia (reuters) - the lower house of brazil s congress will delay a vote on a bill trimming social security benefits until feb. 19
 u.s. stand on iran's missile supplies to houthis: agency"
"washington/amman (reuters) - a pentagon-backed rebel group and the u.s.-led coalition fighting islamic state killed more than 20 islamic state fighters and detained a number of militants in the southern syrian desert near a base
"calgary
"brussels (reuters) - european union nations
"nairobi (reuters) - in the run-up to kenya s august presidential election
"santiago (reuters) - center-left senator alejandro guillier and conservative billionaire sebastian pinera will go head to head in a runoff for chile s presidency on sunday
 leader tells gaza rally"
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel s supreme court ruled on thursday that the state could not keep the bodies of palestinian gunmen for use as bargaining chips to get back its own dead unless it enacted legislation permitting it to do so. a three-justice panel ruled in favor of militants  families who petitioned to force israeli authorities to return to them for burial the bodies of militant relatives killed in attacks on israelis. the court gave the state six months to enact legislation if it wanted to keep the bodies.  israel has said it was holding the bodies to help it effect the return the remains of the two israeli soldiers killed in the gaza strip in 2014 and two israeli civilians
 on track for easy re-election
 praises trump"
"moscow/warsaw (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said he was tired of hearing allegations from warsaw that a 2010 plane crash that killed then polish president lech kaczynski was the result of a russian conspiracy
"brussels (reuters) - the president of the european parliament on thursday called on myanmar to protect media freedoms and urged its government to release two reuters journalists arrested this week.  i hope the authorities in myanmar will free them as soon as possible
"baghdad (reuters) - the commander of iraq s biggest shi ite muslim paramilitary group told its fighters on thursday to take their orders from the national military and cut their ties with the group s political wing. hadi al-amiri
"united nations (reuters) - iran rejected as unfounded a u.s. accusation on thursday that it supplied a missile fired at saudi arabia from yemen on nov. 4
 putin proposes writing off part of russians' debts"
"vienna (reuters) - coalition talks between austria s far-right freedom party and conservatives led by sebastian kurz are drawing to a close and have laid down guarantees that the next government will be pro-european
"washington (reuters) - the head of u.s. forces in africa has ordered an additional investigation into an august raid in somalia by somali and american forces
"el-bireh
 saudis and u.n. as peace talks end"
 saudi ended up with islamic state
"london (reuters) - one of the  chennai six  group of ex-british soldiers jailed in india was dragged to a psychiatric hospital and force-fed anti-psychotic tablets during his time in jail
"abuja (reuters) - nigerian state governors on thursday approved the release of $1 billion from the country s excess oil account to the government to help fight the boko haram islamist insurgency. the account holds foreign reserves from excess earnings from sales of crude. it currently totals $2.3 billion
"bucharest (reuters) - a fresh row over judicial changes in romania broke out on thursday with prosecutors and the political opposition warning that proposed amendments to the criminal code would weaken the fight against corruption and other crimes. a parliamentary commission will start next monday to debate the changes which have been introduced by the ruling social democrats. under the proposals
 grenfell fire survivors weep at london memorial"
"london (reuters) - while 2017 saw the tide of the military conflict in syria seemingly turn against islamic state forces
"brussels (reuters) - twenty-five eu governments have agreed a defense pact to mark a new era of greater european military integration after britain s decision to quit the bloc. below is a list of dates in european defense cooperation: 1949 - the united states
"jerusalem (reuters) - nazareth
"london (reuters) - britain has expressed grave concerns to the government of myanmar over the arrest of two reuters journalists
"new delhi (reuters) - indian prime minister narendra modi s ruling group will sweep an election in his home state of gujarat
"rome (reuters) - italy s senate passed into law on thursday a bill allowing severely ill people to refuse treatment that would prolong their lives. the bill passed 180 votes to 71 in the face of opposition from right wing parties. it allows all adults to prepare a document to express their preferences on how to be treated if they lose the faculty to choose or express their choice. some 10 years after legislation on patients  rights to choose what care to receive at the end of their lives was first proposed
"brussels (reuters) - nato chief jens stoltenberg welcomed greater cooperation between the western military alliance and european union on thursday
" singapore/new delhi (reuters) - when a 17-year-old bollywood actress took to social media this week alleging she was sexually assaulted on an airplane
"brussels (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel said on thursday she believed there was a good chance that the next phase of brexit negotiations could begin.  progress has been made regarding the exit of great britain
"singapore (reuters) - former zimbabwe president robert mugabe visited a hospital in singapore this week apparently for medical checks
"harare (reuters) - new president emmerson mnangagwa on thursday called for the removal of western sanctions on members of zimbabwe s ruling elite and said elections due in 2018 were  nearer than you expect .  the united states maintains a travel and economic embargo on several zanu-pf party officials
"berlin (reuters) - german police investigating four people suspected of planning an islamist-motivated attack raided nine locations in berlin and the eastern state of saxony anhalt on thursday
 blocks aid despite appeal for cash"
"brussels (reuters) - luxembourg s prime minister on thursday said british counterpart theresa may s ability to negotiate her country s withdrawal from the european union is complicated by her need for parliament s approval at home.  this is not good for theresa may because the agenda is not going to move
 vows action"
"washington (reuters) - since mid-2016
"brussels (reuters) - the new prime ministers of poland and the czech republic vowed not to give any ground on the divisive issue of hosting refugees as they arrived in brussels on thursday for their first summit of european union leaders. more than two years after a massive influx of refugees and migrants from the middle east and africa created deep divisions in the eu
"rio de janeiro (reuters) - brazil s most wanted arms trafficker
"pristina (reuters) - a kosovo prosecutor withdrew his bid on thursday to extradite a turkish citizen accused by turkey of being part of a group linked to a failed coup there in 2016
 ahead of election
"vienna (reuters) - tuesday s blast at austria s baumgarten gas hub
"baghdad (reuters) - iraq hanged 38 sunni muslim militants on thursday after they were sentenced to death on terrorism charges
"beijing/seoul (reuters) - south korean president moon jae-in will unveil an array of tv talent and k-pop celebrities at events
"paris (reuters) - a saudi-backed islamic military coalition will provide logistical
"moscow (reuters) - stronger ties between russia and china are good for everyone
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on thursday that  spymania  had been artificially whipped up between russia and the united states
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on thursday that a strike on north korea by the united states would have catastrophic consequences and that he hoped to work with washington eventually to resolve the crisis on the korean peninsula. russia does not accept north korea s nuclear status
"mogadishu (reuters) - a suicide bomber disguised as a policeman blew himself up inside a police training camp in somalia s capital mogadishu on thursday and killed at least 18 officers
 mediator says"
 official says"
"beijing (reuters) - war must never be allowed to take place on the korean peninsula and the issue must be resolved via talks
"cairo (reuters) - islamic state threatened attacks on u.s. soil in retaliation for the trump administration s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesia s constitutional court on thursday narrowly rejected a petition by a conservative group to make extramarital sex illegal
"nairobi (reuters) - several dozen women in kenya said police officers attacked them during this year s election season and some said they were raped by men in uniform
 saudi arabia sign atomic energy cooperation roadmap"
 davis says"
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin
"new delhi (reuters) - a hindu man in india tried to raise money for a campaign against minority muslims by issuing an appeal for donations with a video he took and posted online showing him killing a muslim
"moscow (reuters) - moscow s arbitration court on thursday rejected a claim by germany s siemens that the sale of its turbines which were delivered to crimea was invalid. in august
"cairo (reuters) - egypt s aviation minister will travel to russia to sign protocol agreements as early as friday to allow the resumption of russian flights that were suspended after the 2015 bombing of a tourist jet
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s president jacob zuma has filed an appeal against a court ruling that his appointment of a state prosecutor to decide whether to reinstate corruption charges against him was not valid
"beijing/taipei (reuters) - china accused the united states on thursday of interfering in its internal affairs and said it had lodged a complaint after u.s. president donald trump signed into law an act laying the groundwork for possible u.s. navy visits to self-ruled taiwan. tensions have risen in recent days after a senior chinese diplomat threatened china would invade taiwan if any u.s. warships made port visits to the island which china claims as its own territory. on monday
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican senate committees on wednesday approved a controversial security bill that human rights groups say risks granting excessive power to the armed forces in their already checkered role in combating organized crime in the country. the bill
"stockholm (reuters) - sweden will raise the minimum age at which workers can take their state pension over the coming years
"sydney (reuters) - china summoned australia s ambassador to lodge a complaint last week over canberra s allegation that beijing had sought to interfere in australian politics
 cairo may sign deal on friday to resume russian flights to egypt: tass"
beijing (reuters) - china said on thursday it had complained to the united states about the signing into law of an act which authorizes the possibility of mutual visits by navy vessels between self-ruled taiwan and the united states. chinese foreign ministry spokesman lu kang told a daily news briefing that china was firmly opposed to the taiwan content in the act. 
"tokyo (reuters) - u.n. secretary-general antonio guterres
 north korea discuss bilateral 2015 treaty: russian embassy"
 north korea military commission starts first meeting in pyongyang: ria"
"sydney (reuters) - australia s population is expanding at the fastest pace in the developed world as skilled migrants flock to the resource-rich nation
 face official secrets charges"
"beijing (reuters) - china marked the 80th anniversary of the nanjing massacre on wednesday with a call to work with japan for peace
"lima (reuters) - brazilian builder odebrecht transferred $4.8 million to companies linked to peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski between 2004 and 2012
"london (reuters) - heathrow airport announced a public consultation on the proposed development of a third runway at europe s biggest airport
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may s government was defeated on wednesday
 and more time after that
"geneva (reuters) - an independent u.n. human rights investigator said on wednesday that he had information about an inmate being tortured at the u.s. guantanamo bay detention facility
"toronto (reuters) - some u.s.-bound flights from toronto s main international airport were delayed on wednesday afternoon due to an incident that prompted authorities to require some passengers to go through customs a second time
 white house says not right time for north korea talks"
"quito (reuters) - an ecuadorean court on wednesday sentenced vice president jorge glas to six years in jail after finding him guilty of receiving bribes from brazilian construction company odebrecht [odbct.ul]  in return for handing the scandal-ridden firm state contracts. a close ally of leftist ex-president rafael correa
"istanbul (reuters) - muslim leaders on wednesday condemned u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel and called on the world to respond by recognizing east jerusalem as the capital of palestine. turkish president tayyip erdogan
 but spd still coy on german government talks"
"washington (reuters) - the state department said wednesday that the united states would be open to talking to north korea  when the time is right  but that it could not happen now because pyongyang has shown no sign of a willingness to halt its missile and nuclear testing. despite u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson s offer on tuesday to start talks with north korea without pre-conditions
"ottawa (reuters) - canada said on wednesday that defense contractors would be allowed to sell weapons such as automatic firearms and electric stun guns to ukraine
 promises more weapons"
"london (reuters) - the u.s. embassy in london moves next month to a new billion-dollar home overlooking the river thames   just as u.s. president donald trump s actions have placed strains on the  special relationship  between britain and the united states. britain s closest ally will leave behind an imposing 1960 stone and concrete embassy in london s upmarket grosvenor square   an area known as  little america  during world war two
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish police summoned a federal bureau of investigation (fbi) official on wednesday over statements made in a u.s. court by a former turkish police investigator who fled the country last year
"brasilia (reuters) - brazilian president michel temer had minor surgery on wednesday for a narrowing of his urethra and the operation was successful
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabia s king salman bin abdulaziz said on wednesday his government was determined to confront corruption with  justice and decisiveness 
"bucharest (reuters) - romania s lower house of parliament approved on wednesday legislation to overhaul its justice system
"rome (reuters) - italy s parliament will be dissolved between christmas and the new year
"london (reuters) - british lawmakers defeated prime minister theresa may s government on wednesday
"london (reuters) - the british government is disappointed by a vote in parliament to change prime minister theresa may s brexit blueprint
 same builders rehired to replace dangerous cladding
"la celle-saint-cloud/paris (reuters) - a french-backed west african military force to tackle islamist militants must secure its first victories by the middle of 2018 to prove its worth and ensure more concrete support from the united nations
"dublin (reuters) - an irish parliamentary committee on wednesday recommended that an abortion referendum due next year should offer the choice of allowing terminations with no restrictions up to 12 weeks into a pregnancy
"goma
 urges world scrutiny"
"lima (reuters) - a public prosecutor in peru is seeking the pre-trial detention of luis figari
"beirut (reuters) - the united states
300 unfilled jobs
"brussels (reuters) - rivals from the two sides of the european union s migration  dispute will meet in brussels on thursday in a goodwill gesture just as the bloc reopens a bitter feud over hosting refugees. prime minister paolo gentiloni of italy
"lisbon (reuters) - a portuguese court has handed long prison sentences to six members of a bogus religious cult that sexually abused boys
 say security sources
"abuja (reuters) - a bill proposed by nigerian lawmakers to regulate non-governmental organizations (ngos) threatens freedoms by handing the government sweeping powers over civil society
"bras lia (reuters) - brazilian police raided the offices and homes of two members of congress on wednesday in the country s latest corruption probe as the government makes a last-ditch effort to vote on an overhaul of the national pension system. dubbed  operation  pia
 when the time comes"
"london (reuters) - russian-based operatives placed three adverts on facebook in the run-up to britain s 2016 referendum on eu membership
"prague (reuters) - czech prime minister andrej babis
"paris (reuters) - the leaders of the european union s remaining 27 member states are very likely to approve this week the deal struck by their chief negotiator with britain and move to a second phase of exit talks
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe takes its next step into the post-mugabe era soon
"zurich (reuters) - the gotthard road tunnel under the alps in switzerland was closed for hours on wednesday after a truck and a passenger car collided
 says nationalists will bounce back"
"berlin (reuters) - jewish groups in germany are pressing the authorities to crack down on anti-semitic acts following the burning of jewish symbols and israeli flags at protests. the american jewish committee berlin
 south african top court orders influence-peddling inquiry"
" (this version of the december 12th story corrects headline and paragraph one to remove references to corruption) by camillus eboh abuja (reuters) - nigeria s court of appeal on tuesday dismissed 15 charges against the senate president related to alleged false declarations of assets
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey s president tayyip erdogan said on wednesday that the united states could no longer be a mediator in efforts to end  israeli-palestinian conflict after its decision to recognize israel as the capital of israel.   from now on
"washington/seoul (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson offered to begin direct talks with north korea without pre-conditions
"moscow (reuters) - the russian foreign ministry said on wednesday that deputy foreign minister gennady gatilov had held talks with china s ambassador to russia li hui about moscow and beijing coordinating action on north korea at the u.n. security council. the officials exchanged views on  joint steps
"istanbul (reuters) - a draft declaration prepared for a summit of muslim leaders on wednesday said they considered washington s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel as a sign of u.s. withdrawal from its role as a sponsor of middle east peace.  the draft statement said leaders
"cairo (reuters) - palestinian president mahmoud abbas said on wednesday the palestinians will  go to the united nations security council  over full u.n. membership after the u.s. decided to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital. abbas
 macron shifts focus away from euro reform"
"athens (reuters) - greece s top court cleared the way on wednesday for the extradition to the united states of a russian man
"prague (reuters) - the czech government will seek a vote of confidence on jan. 10
"dubai (reuters) - saudi-led coalition aircraft struck a military police camp in the houthi-controlled yemeni capital sanaa on wednesday
"moscow (reuters) -  muscle flexing  by u.s. armed forces in south korea is fraught with grave consequences for the entire region
"strasbourg (reuters) - the european parliament urged eu leaders on wednesday to allow the next phase of brexit negotiations to start
 other aid groups to close"
"frankfurt (reuters) - one of sweden s most notorious criminals appeared in a court in germany on wednesday
"warsaw (reuters) - poland s new prime minister faces a difficult balancing act trying to repair bruised relations with the european union without alienating the eurosceptic government s core voters. a western-educated former banker who is fluent in german and english and was sworn in on monday
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said on wednesday that the  final brexit withdrawal agreement will be put to a vote in both houses of parliament.  we will put the final withdrawal agreement between the uk and the eu to a vote in both houses of parliament before it comes into force
"maputo (reuters) - mozambican president filipe nyusi has sacked four ministers
"rome (reuters) - italy s parliament will be dissolved between christmas and the new year with national elections likely set for march 4
"amsterdam (reuters) - the dutch government said on wednesday it is joining austria s lawsuit against germany at the european court of justice over plans for a road toll for foreign drivers. the toll would apply to foreign-registered cars using german highways at a cost of up to 130 euros ( 116.5) a year. german drivers will be able to recover the costs through tax deductions.  at the heart of the dutch objection is that the german toll plan is in violation of european rules
"istanbul (reuters) - iranian president hassan rouhani said on wednesday all muslim nations should work together to defend the rights of palestinians following donald trump s decision last week to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital. rouhani
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesian prosecutors charged a former parliament speaker on wednesday in connection with a $170 million graft scandal after he held up proceedings for hours at the opening of his trial
"geneva (reuters) - life has stopped in its tracks in myanmar s northern rakhine state where an estimated 180
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel and her conservative bavarian allies meet the leader of the centre-left social democrats (spd) on wednesday to start exploring the possibility of governing together. the two groups have ruled in a  grand coalition  for the last four years
"beijing (reuters) - chinese authorities have collected dna and other biometric data from the whole population of the volatile western region of xinjiang
pretoria (reuters) - south africa s high court ruled on wednesday that an inquiry into alleged state influence-peddling in president jacob zuma s government should be established as recommended by the anti-graft watchdog in a report released a year ago. zuma had challenged the right of the report s author to call for a judicial inquiry and the appointment of a judge to head it by the chief justice. zuma said it was his prerogative to set up such an inquiry. 
"manila (reuters) - philippine lawmakers on wednesday overwhelmingly backed president rodrigo duterte s plan to extend martial law for all of next year in mindanao
"juba (reuters) - south sudan needs $1.7 billion in aid next year to help 6 million people   half of its population   cope with the effects of war
"istanbul (reuters) - iranian president hassan rouhani said on wednesday all muslim nations should work together to defend the rights of palestinians against donald trump s decision last week to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital. speaking in an emergency meeting of muslim leaders in turkey s istanbul city
"moscow (reuters) - russia will keep a naval and an air base in syria capable of carrying out strikes against insurgents if required after a partial military pull-out announced by president vladimir putin
 its holy sites"
"moscow (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron will be a guest of honor at an economic forum to be held in russia s second-largest city st. petersburg next year
"beijing/taipei (reuters) - taiwan will fail to get foreign support for its cause
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on wednesday that u.s. allegations it was involved in a new generation of warfare
"seoul (reuters) - hoping a thaw in relations with china will reopen opportunities after a diplomatic spat earlier this year cost many of them business
"cairo (reuters) - palestinian president mahmoud abbas said on wednesday
"phnom penh (reuters) - the united states has called on cambodia to reverse steps that  backtracked on democracy  before a general election next year
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan called on world powers to recognize jerusalem as the capital of palestine on wednesday and said the united states should reverse a decision recognizing the city as israel s capital. addressing a summit of muslim leaders in istanbul
"moscow (reuters) - russia welcomes u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson s statement that washington is ready to begin direct talks with north korea
"moscow (reuters) - russia is ready to consider easing an arms embargo for libya
"pyeongchang
"lahore
"warsaw (reuters) - the united states criticized a decision by poland s media regulator to slap a $415
"sydney (reuters) - australian prime minister malcolm turnbull said on wednesday his government s future was at risk if it lost a sydney by-election this weekend and failed to regain its one-seat majority
beijing (reuters) - china s foreign ministry on wednesday said it welcomed all efforts to ease tension on the korean peninsula after u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson offered to begin direct talks with north korea without pre-conditions. ministry spokesman lu kang made the comment at a daily news briefing in the chinese capital.  
"hong kong (reuters) - three judges in hong kong s court of appeal are set to decide the fate of a former british banker who was jailed for life last year for the murder of two indonesian women he tortured and raped after his appeal hearing closed on wednesday.    rurik jutting
"kabul (reuters) - one afghan and three turkish teachers linked to an organization regarded with suspicion by the turkish government were detained by afghan intelligence officials on tuesday
"moscow (reuters) - a russian defense ministry delegation has arrived in the north korean capital of pyongyang
"warsaw (reuters) - poland s new government led by prime minister mateusz morawiecki won a vote of confidence in parliament just before midnight on tuesday
"ankara/istanbul (reuters) - turkey criticized what it said was a feeble arab reaction to the u.s. decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"manila (reuters) - a joint session of the philippine congress on wednesday approved a one-year extension of martial law on the southern island of mindanao
"beijing (reuters) - a fire in a southern neighbourhood of beijing early on wednesday killed five people
"tokyo (reuters) - a window fell from a u.s. helicopter onto a school sports field near a u.s. marines air base on okinawa on wednesday
 assembly laws"
"tokyo (reuters) - japan and the united states are in  100 percent  agreement that  pressure should be maximized on north korea over its weapons and nuclear program
"seoul (reuters) - the south korean army said on wednesday it conducted a successful air-to-air missile firing drill from apache helicopters which was designed to respond to  any provocation from the enemy . it was the first time the south korean army test-fired stinger missiles from apache attack helicopters
"tokyo (reuters) - the leader of the small constitutional democratic party of japan
"united nations (reuters) - united nations political affairs chief jeffrey feltman said on tuesday that senior north korean officials did not offer any type of commitment to talks during his visit to pyongyang last week
"brasilia (reuters) - a brazilian appeals court on tuesday said it would decide on jan. 24 on an appeal by former president luiz inacio lula da silva against a corruption conviction that could bar him from running in the 2018 presidential race. despite the conviction and four other charges of corruption
"washington (reuters) - the united states is voicing skepticism about russian president vladimir putin s announcement of a major withdrawal of russian troops from syria and is arguing that his declaration of victory against islamic state was premature. putin
"bogota (reuters) - a colombian judge sentenced a former vice-minister of transport to five years and two months in prison on tuesday after the ex-official admitted to taking millions of dollars in bribes from brazilian construction giant odebrecht. gabriel garcia morales
 macron says"
" ((this dec. 9 story corrects year in 2nd paragraph to 2011 from 2012)) by jane chung and michelle nichols seoul/united nations (reuters) - the united nations political affairs chief told senior north korean officials during a visit to pyongyang this week that there was an  urgent need to prevent miscalculations and open channels to reduce the risks of conflict
"washington (reuters) - there are no signs that a blockade of yemen s ports by a saudi-led military coalition has eased to allow aid to reach communities increasingly at risk of starvation
" ((this dec. 5 story corrects year in 2nd paragraph to 2011 from 2012)) by michelle nichols and david brunnstrom united nations/washington (reuters) - united nations political affairs chief jeffrey feltman arrived in north korea on tuesday for a rare visit that some analysts and diplomats hope could spark a u.n.-led effort to defuse rising tensions over pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs. the former senior u.s. state department official is the highest-level u.n. official to visit north korea since 2011. during a four-day visit he is due to meet foreign minister ri yong ho to discuss  issues of mutual interest and concern.   this is broadly a policy dialogue with (north korea). i think we have to wait and see what comes out
"cairo (reuters) - an egyptian court jailed a little-known singer for two years on tuesday for inciting debauchery
 bangladesh"
"washington (reuters) - secretary of state rex tillerson said on tuesday that the united states was willing to begin direct talks with north korea without pre-conditions
 formalizes bid"
"warsaw (reuters) - poland should defend its national identity and interests at a time when the european union is debating its own future
"jerusalem (reuters) - less than an hour after u.s. president donald trump recognized jerusalem as israel s capital
washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on tuesday that visa restrictions imposed on gambia earlier this year will be lifted as of dec. 12 after banjul took steps to ensure its citizens ordered to leave the united states are re-admitted to the west african country. 
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela said on tuesday it would start a criminal investigation into powerful former oil czar rafael ramirez
"paris (reuters) - french cement group lafarge paid close to 13 million euros ($15.2 million) to armed groups including islamic state militants to keep operating in syria from 2011-2015
"hanoi (reuters) - a former chairman of state-run vietnam rubber group (vrg) and four other officials from its units have been issued with prosecution and probation orders for alleged violations of state rules
 still split on hosting refugees"
 energy market"
"beirut (reuters) - iran s supreme court has upheld a death sentence against an iranian academic with swedish residency convicted of espionage
 green energy in future"
"brussels (reuters) - the european union plays down talk by britain s brexit minister that last week s interim accord is not binding and will launch new talks on friday that are  david davis-proof 
"johannesburg (reuters) - nkosazana dlamini-zuma is a fierce campaigner against racial inequality whose hostility to big business has rattled investors in south africa. she is also one of two front runners to be the country s next president. the 68-year-old is vying to succeed her ex-husband
"paris (reuters) - france s foreign minister criticized iran s regional ambitions
"brussels (reuters) - nato allies extended jens stoltenberg s term as secretary-general of the western military alliance until late 2020 on tuesday
"brussels (reuters) - the european parliament will insist on quickly making the deal reached between the european union and britain on divorce terms legally binding
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may s divorce deal with the european union is the strongest signal since the shock 2016 brexit referendum that the united kingdom is heading towards an orderly departure that preserves very close trade ties. may rushed to brussels before dawn on friday to secure the european commission s agreement that  sufficient progress  had been made to begin talks about trade and a two-year brexit transition period that will start when britain leaves the eu on march 29
"monrovia (reuters) - liberia will hold a delayed presidential run-off vote on dec. 26
 israeli military denies it carried out an attack"
"geneva (reuters) - syrian refugees could again seek to reach europe in droves if aid programs are not sustained in five neighboring countries hosting the bulk of them
"brussels (reuters) - european governments are complicit in grave human rights violations in libya through their support for authorities there who often work with people smugglers and torture refugees and migrants
"brussels (reuters) - european council president donald tusk warned on tuesday that completing a brexit treaty and agreeing on future relations with britain would be a  furious race against time  where eu states would have to stick together to avoid economic disruption. writing to national leaders ahead of a summit he will chair in brussels on thursday and friday
"sofia (reuters) - bulgaria has frozen assets and property and bank accounts belonging to businessman and media owner ivo prokopiev
"warsaw (reuters) - poland s new prime minister
 frame refugees"
"brussels (reuters) - there is  no possibility  that britain and the european union can conclude a free trade agreement by the time britain leaves in march 2019
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron on tuesday told dozens of world leaders and company bosses gathered at a climate summit in paris that  we are losing the battle  against climate change.  we re not moving quick enough. we all need to act
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s ruling african national congress holds an election this weekend to replace jacob zuma as party leader in a closely fought contest whose winner is likely to emerge as the nation s next president.  the front runners are deputy president cyril ramaphosa
"johannesburg (reuters) - south african president jacob zuma has rejected local news reports that his office has started drafting regulations for a state of emergency
"johannesburg (reuters) - the nearly man of south african politics
"gaborone (reuters) - a transgender woman has won a legal battle against botswana s government to be recognized as female in a landmark victory for the rights of the lesbian
 some in spd say"
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s ruling african national congress elects a new party leader to succeed president jacob zuma at a conference starting on saturday. the winner will be favorite to become president of the country after a 2019 national election. below are the main anc leadership hopefuls. nkosazana dlamini-zuma and cyril ramaphosa are the two front runners. nkosazana dlamini-zuma the former minister and chairwoman of the african union commission has served in the cabinets of every south african president in the post-apartheid era. dlamini-zuma was married to president zuma for over a decade and has four children with him. she is backed by the anc s influential women s and youth leagues
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s political parties want to give voters another two months to sign up for next year s election after political turmoil disrupted the registration process
 moves envoy to riyadh: agencies"
"vienna (reuters) - an austrian former finance minister went on trial on tuesday accused of bribery and embezzlement in one of the biggest corruption cases in the country s recent history. karl-heinz grasser and 15 former high-ranking politicians
 reject syria's assad: u.s. official"
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron is hosting dozens of world leaders along with global companies and movie superstars at a summit in paris to accelerate efforts to combat climate change.    the  one planet  summit will not announce internationally binding commitments
" (corrects paragraph 7 to show trump issued a warning on travel to cuba
"paris (reuters) - president emmanuel macron s labor reforms will be slow to bear fruit but eventually have a massive impact on france s stubbornly high unemployment
"london (reuters) - british brexit minister david davis said on tuesday that he and the european parliament s negotiator guy verohfstadt agreed about the importance of last week s deal between britain and the eu to move divorce talks to the next phase. earlier verhofstadt had said it will insist on quickly making the deal reached between the european union and britain on divorce terms legally binding
"copenhagen (reuters) - demands from the nationalist danish people s party (df) that  syrian refugees be sent home as soon as possible are threatening to bring down the country s centre-right minority government. the government depends on the right-wing df to pass budget and tax legislation
"paris (reuters) - france s government on tuesday ruled out major concessions towards autonomy sought by corsica s nationalists after they won a regional election
"moscow (reuters) - former militants from  bandit units  in syria are now a real threat after the defeat of islamic state
 murdered iranian activist's daughter tells european exiles"
"bnei brak
 al shabaab suspected"
"donetsk
"beijing (reuters) - a young chinese climbing enthusiast s fatal fall from a skyscraper while making a selfie video on a $15
"phnom penh (reuters) - the european union has suspended funding for cambodia s 2018 general election because the vote cannot be credible after the dissolution of the main opposition party
"moscow (reuters) - russia will offer turkey partial financing for ankara s purchase of s-400 surface-to-air missile systems
"moscow (reuters) - tweets by u.s. president donald trump are viewed in moscow as his official position and read by his russian counterpart vladimir putin
 russia will meet to finalize s-400 defense deal in coming week"
"denpasar
"hong kong (reuters) - three judges in hong kong s court of appeal are set to decide the fate of a former british banker who was jailed for life last year for the murder of two indonesian women he tortured and raped after his appeal hearing closed on wednesday.    rurik jutting
"sydney (reuters) - a prominent australian opposition senator
 stealth fighters near korean peninsula"
"juba (reuters) - the death toll from inter-clan fighting in south sudan s great lakes region last week - a new source of violence in a country devastated by a four-year civil war - has reached at least 170
 ahead of u.s. envoy's visit"
 first trip since ouster"
 china's xi to talk north korea
"beijing (reuters) - china s air force has conducted more  island encirclement patrols  near taiwan
"mexico city (reuters) - the wife of a detained former mexican governor is living in britain and has demanded back artwork
 venezuela socialists eye presidency race"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department on monday condemned venezuelan president nicolas maduro s threat to ban opposition parties from participating in next year s presidential elections.  the venezuelan people deserve the right to express their views and consent to governance through a free and fair democratic process that is open to all candidates
"(reuters) - uk prime minister theresa may s conservative party is leading in polls for the first time since the june election
 itv says"
"paris (reuters) - right-wing heavyweight xavier bertrand quit france s main conservative party
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may hailed  a new sense of optimism  in brexit talks
"brussels/cairo (reuters) - prime minister benjamin netanyahu took his case to europe to ask allies to join the united states in recognizing jerusalem as israel s capital
"ottawa (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson plans to meet canadian prime minister justin trudeau next week for talks on how to address the crisis over north korea s nuclear weapons program
"beirut (reuters) - donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital will hasten the country s destruction
"ankara (reuters) - russia and turkey agree that a u.s. decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel is destabilizing the situation in the middle east
"jerusalem (reuters) - a palestinian stabbed an israeli security guard at jerusalem s main bus station on sunday
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian opposition figure mikheil saakashvili was freed from detention on monday
"warsaw (reuters) - mateusz morawiecki was sworn in as poland s new prime minister on monday and european council president donald tusk called on the new leader to pursue european unity. poland s ruling law and justice party (pis) is at odds with the eu over immigration
"mexico city (reuters) - two-thirds of mexicans reject offering an amnesty to members of criminal gangs as a way of reducing violence in the country
 istanbul to rally region over jerusalem"
 in syria
"moscow (reuters) - russian defence minister sergei shoigu said on monday that elements of moscow s military contingent to syria had already begun returning to russia
"berlin (reuters) - the german defence ministry said on monday that the european fighter jet was the leading candidate to replace its tornado jets
"geneva (reuters) - warring sides must let more aid get through to 8.4 million people who are  a step away from famine  in yemen
"beirut (reuters) - iran will treat a british-iranian aid worker as an iranian citizen and she will serve her sentence as determined by the judiciary
"brasilia (reuters) - brazil s planning minister on monday acknowledged the possibility of delaying a key vote on a bill cutting social security spending to 2018 but said its approval would be difficult then
"united nations (reuters) - top united nations officials warned the security council on monday that its sanctions on north korea over the country s nuclear and missile programs may be harming the delivery of humanitarian aid to the impoverished
 directors and movie chains rejoice"
"paris (reuters) - french state-controlled utility edf (edf.pa) wants to take part in saudi arabia s plans to build nuclear power reactors
 social democrats seek clarity on coalition talks"
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish warplanes hit kurdistan workers party (pkk) targets in northern iraq on monday and killed 29 of the group s militants
"ottawa (reuters) - canada will make an announcement about fighter jets at 1 pm et (1800 gmt) on tuesday
"dubai (reuters) - a detained saudi billionaire who led the collapsed saad group is seeking to repay part of a multi-billion dollar debt to creditors under a deal that could allow his release
"london (reuters) - british foreign secretary boris johnson said on monday he urged iran to release detained dual nationals during a visit to the islamic republic.  i urged their release
"mogadishu (reuters) - a somali television journalist was killed in a car bombing in the capital mogadishu on monday
 brits unimpressed with brexit talks"
"london (reuters) - british police on monday said they had arrested a man who tried  to climb a wall at queen elizabeth s buckingham palace home in central london
"nairobi (reuters) - burundi plans to raise money for an election in 2020 by deducting part of civil servants  salaries and taking contributions directly from citizens
"bucharest (reuters) - romania s lower house of parliament
"manila (reuters) - as she announced in january 2016 that the philippines would immunize one million children with a new dengue vaccine
"barcelona (reuters) - protesters clashed with police trying to reclaim disputed religious artefacts from a museum in catalonia on monday
"beirut (reuters) - the leader of lebanon s hezbollah group
 japan and south korea drills"
"mumbai (reuters) - indian police have filed a sexual assault case against an airline passenger after a 17-year-old bollywood actress said the male passenger had molested her during a new delhi-mumbai flight
"ajaccio
"budapest (reuters) - hungary is not planning to move its israeli embassy to jerusalem
 egypt's sisi discuss restart of flights
"london (reuters) - the british government will grant lawmakers more oversight of the process of severing ties with the european union
"bangkok (reuters) - the european union will resume political contact  at all levels  with thailand
 asks european support"
"dubai (reuters) - kuwait replaced its oil
"beirut (reuters) - a magnitude 6.0 earthquake hit western iran on monday
"abuja (reuters) - a police official defended a unit of the nigeria police force that has been accused of human rights violations
"dubai (reuters) - emirates and flydubai have resumed using iraqi airspace for flights to other countries
"boa vista
"london (reuters) - britain said on monday it would create a new national economic crime center to crack down harder on money laundering by drug dealers and people traffickers who are expected to net 90 billion pounds ($120.3 billion) this year. as a unit of the existing national crime agency (nca)
 some uzbek imams turn on loudspeakers for call to prayer"
 police say"
"cairo (reuters) - russia is ready in principle to resume direct passenger flights to egypt and an agreement is expected to be signed in the near future
"london (reuters) - bae systems and qatar have entered into a contract  valued at around 5 billion pounds ($6.7 billion) for the country to buy 24 typhoon combat aircraft
"dubai (reuters) - former saudi intelligence chief prince turki al-faisal has criticized u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital
 passengers disembarked"
"sofia (reuters) - bulgaria has asked russian aircraft corporation mig to overhaul and maintain its 15 aged mig-29 fighter jets in a four-year deal worth up to 81.3 million levs ($49 million)
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesian anti-terrorism police have detained 18 people with links to militant groups in a bid to cut the risk of attacks during christmas and the new year in the world s biggest muslim-majority country
"new delhi (reuters) - russia threw its weight behind china s massive belt and road plan to build trade and transport links across asia and beyond
"srinagar
"(reuters) - reuters photographers witnessed the biggest stories of 2017   from donald trump s first year as u.s. president to the flight of rohingya refugees from myanmar
"new delhi (reuters) - india s main opposition congress party on monday elevated rahul gandhi
 egypt's sisi to sign nuclear power station deal - kremlin"
"amsterdam (reuters) - the international criminal court (icc) said on monday it would refer jordan to the u.n. security council for failing to arrest sudanese president omar al-bashir when he visited amman in march. the court issued arrest warrants for bashir in 2009 and 2010 over his alleged role in war crimes including genocide in sudan s darfur province. jordan
"hanoi (reuters) - vietnam s crackdown on high level corruption has led to the arrest of dozens of officials from state oil firm petrovietnam and the banking sector. as well as shedding light on graft
 iraqi army coordinate at border: sdf"
 eu says"
"beijing (reuters) - chinese officials trying to hide dishonest spending with tricks such as throwing extravagant parties in private will be targeted in a sustained campaign to root out hedonism
 duterte says militants regrouping"
"benghazi
"manila (reuters) - philippine public officials showed  reckless disregard of processes  in carrying out a program to immunize hundreds of thousands of children
 erdogan says"
"skopje (reuters) - former macedonian prime minister nikola gruevski
"jakarta (reuters) - the speaker of indonesia s parliament
300 places for refugees from libya"
"zurich (reuters) - the swiss government urged voters on monday to keep the annual license fee that finances public broadcasters
000 buy-outs to reduce army size: documents"
"ljubljana (reuters) - a centre-left party that has no seats in slovenia s parliament and is led by a former comedian topped an opinion poll published by daily newspaper delo on monday
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s national prosecuting authority (npa) said on monday it had extended the deadline for president jacob zuma to submit arguments on why he should not be prosecuted for corruption.  they must submit their representation on the 31st of january
"kiev (reuters) - several thousand people marched through central kiev on sunday to protest against the detention of ukrainian opposition figure mikheil saakashvili and call for the impeachment of president petro poroshenko. saakashvili
"moscow (reuters) - the situation on the korean peninsula risks to move into a  hot phase 
 whatever outcome of brexit talks - davis"
 taiwan spar over chinese diplomat's invasion threat"
 u.s.
"manila (reuters) - philippines president rodrigo duterte will ask congress to extend martial law in the volatile southern island of mindanao to quell an insurgency
"berlin (reuters) - germany s intelligence service has published the details of social network profiles which it says are fronts faked by chinese intelligence to gather personal information about german officials and politicians. the bfv domestic intelligence service took the unusual step of naming individual profiles it says are fake and fake organizations to warn public officials about the risk of leaking valuable personal information via social media.  chinese intelligence services are active on networks like linkedin and have been trying for a while to extract information and find intelligence sources in this way
 israeli flags over trump's jerusalem move"
 minister says after israeli flags burned"
"dubai (reuters) - a bahraini civil society group has defended sending a delegation to israel as a gesture of tolerance and coexistence
"beijing (reuters) - china s prosecutor began on monday formal legal proceedings against disgraced senior politician sun zhengcai
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela s ruling socialist party won at least 90 percent of the 335 mayorships contested in sunday s local elections
"caracas (reuters) - the candidate for venezuela s ruling socialist party
"oslo (reuters) - the leader of the group that won this year s nobel peace prize on sunday urged nuclear nations to adopt a united nations treaty banning atomic weapons in order to prevent  the end of us . the international campaign to abolish nuclear weapons (ican) was awarded this year s nobel peace prize by a nobel committee that cited the spread of nuclear weapons and the growing risk of an atomic war.   ican is a coalition of 468 grassroots non-governmental groups that campaigned for a u.n. treaty on the prohibition of nuclear weapons
"beijing (reuters) - australian media reports on chinese interference in australia are racist and paranoid
"amman (reuters) - the syrian army and iranian-backed militias backed by russian air power stepped up a military campaign against rebels in eastern hama province in a push towards the rebel stronghold of idlib province in northwestern syria
"stockholm (reuters) - three people were arrested early on sunday after an attempted arson attack at a synagogue in the swedish city of gothenburg
"baghdad (reuters) - an iraqi military parade in baghdad s heavily fortified green zone celebrated final victory over islamic state on sunday
"baghdad (reuters) - the united states is committed to helping iraq recover from three years of war against islamic state despite president donald trump cutting the foreign aid budget
"berlin (reuters) - there is no reason to suspect that two bags of bullets found near a christmas market and mosque in western berlin have anything to do with terrorism and the find was related neither to the market nor to the mosque
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduras  electoral tribunal said on sunday that a partial recount of votes from the disputed presidential election showed broadly the same result as previously
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican opposition leader ricardo anaya said on sunday he would seek to win the presidency in a left-right alliance after stepping down as head of the conservative national action party (pan). anaya resigned as leader of the pan on saturday
"paris (reuters) - in his first seven months in office
"west palm beach
"bucharest (reuters) - thousands of romanians rallied in the capital bucharest and other cities on sunday
"nairobi (reuters) - kenya s opposition said on sunday it had postponed plans to swear in its leader raila odinga as an alternative president
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron told israel s prime minister benjamin netanyahu on sunday that he needed to make gestures to the palestinians to enable to break the impasse between the two sides.    netanyayu was in paris ahead of a meeting with eu foreign ministers on monday when they will try present a unified front after u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel.  while condemning all acts of terrorism against israel
"cairo (reuters) - egypt s president abdel fattah al-sisi has invited palestinian president mahmoud abbas to cairo on monday to discuss u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital
"dubai/london (reuters) - british foreign secretary boris johnson held almost an hour of talks with iranian president hassan rouhani on sunday after flying to tehran to seek the release of a jailed british-iranian aid worker.  both spoke forthrightly about the obstacles in the relationship and agreed on the need to make progress in all areas
 uk aims for trade deal with eu that tops canada pact"
 says minister"
"islamabad (reuters) - more than 300 baloch separatist militants have surrendered over the past few months
 says erdogan"
 most likely next pm
"barcelona (reuters) - catalonia s independence movement could suffer a serious setback in elections this month
"beirut (reuters) - lebanese security forces fired tear gas and water canons at protesters near the u.s. embassy in lebanon on sunday during a demonstration against president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel. protesters
"cairo/gaza (reuters) - palestinian president mahmoud abbas will not meet u.s. vice president mike pence during pence s visit to the region this month in a snub over the u.s. recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital
 iraqi kurds"
"milan (reuters) - pope francis on sunday called on world leaders to work in favor of nuclear disarmament to protect human rights
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli forces on sunday destroyed a  significant  cross-border attack tunnel from the gaza strip
"dubai (reuters) - yemen s houthi group has buried the body of former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh in sanaa
 western envoys skeptical"
"dubai (reuters) - u.s president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital could provide a lifeline to militants after the setbacks they suffered this year
"jakarta (reuters) - thousands protested outside the u.s. embassy in the indonesian capital on sunday against u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli defence minister avigdor lieberman said on sunday he hoped the violence that erupted in palestinian protests against president donald trump s decision to recognise jerusalem as israel s capital was abating.  our hope is that everything is calming down and that we are returning to a path of normal life without riots and without violence
"tokyo (reuters) - a japanese man wielding a sword killed his sister
"cairo (reuters) - arab foreign ministers late on saturday urged the united states to abandon its decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"cairo (reuters) - arab foreign ministers on sunday urged the united states to abandon its decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"berlin (reuters) - senior members of german chancellor angela merkel s conservatives on saturday rejected the vision for a  united states of europe  put forward by the social democrats (spd)
 corruption"
"buenos aires (reuters) - argentina blocked two european activists from entering the country on the eve of the world trade organization s ministerial meeting in buenos aires
"washington (reuters) - two minor tremors were detected on saturday from near north korea s nuclear test site and were probably aftershocks from the country s massive nuclear test in early september
"united nations (reuters) - united nations officials have found that missiles fired at saudi arabia by yemen s houthi rebels appear to have a  common origin
"brasilia (reuters) - the centrist brazilian social democracy party
"dubai (reuters) - british foreign secretary boris johnson flew to tehran on saturday to seek the release of a jailed british-iranian aid worker. the foreign office said johnson spoke  frankly  with his iranian counterpart javad zarif about  consular cases of dual nationals  such as nazanin zaghari-ratcliffe
"lima (reuters) - peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski acknowledged that he worked as a financial adviser for an irrigation project owned by the brazilian builder odebrecht [odbes.ul] on saturday
"baghdad (reuters) - prime minister haider al-abadi declared final victory over islamic state on saturday after iraqi forces drove its last remnants from the country
"oslo (reuters) - norway s liberal party will launch formal negotiations to join the right-wing cabinet of prime minister erna solberg
"london (reuters) - britain s foreign minister boris johnson is expected to meet iranian president hassan rouhani on sunday to discuss bilateral and regional issues
"hanoi (reuters) - vietnam s state-run news agency apologized on saturday for issuing what it said was a false report that two more officials of state energy firm petrovietnam were to be prosecuted over financial losses. the original report had also been carried on the government s official website. vietnam news agency said in a statement that it had apologized to phung dinh thuc and do van hau over the false report. it also apologized to their families and to police. the news agency said it had failed to verify its information  carefully enough  before publication. petrovietnam is at the heart of a sweeping high-level corruption crackdown in the communist state. former petrovietnam chairman dinh la thang
"paris (reuters) - hundreds of pro-palestinian activists on saturday staged a protest in paris against israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu s planned visit to france on sunday.  protestors carried palestinian flags and photos of french president emmanuel macron marked  accomplice  for hosting netanyahu following the u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel. netanyahu
"beirut (reuters) - the head of an iran-backed iraqi shi ite militia has visited lebanon s border with israel accompanied by hezbollah fighters
"tripoli (reuters) - libya s u.n.-backed government agreed with italy on saturday to establish a joint operations room for tackling migrant smugglers and traffickers as part of efforts to curb migrant flows toward europe
"cairo (reuters) - palestinian president mahmoud abbas will not meet u.s. vice president mike pence during his visit to the region and there will be no communication between u.s. and palestinian officials foreign minister riyad al-maliki said on saturday. maliki comments were made before an arab league meeting in cairo to discuss president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital and after abbas said washington could no longer be a peace broker.  we will seek a new mediator from our arab brothers and the international community
"moscow (reuters) - russia said on saturday it was fully committed to a cold war-era pact with the united states banning intermediate-range cruise missiles
 north korea to negotiate"
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey s tayyip erdogan and france s emmanuel macron will work together to try to persuade the united states to reconsider its decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel
"cairo (reuters) - egypt s coptic church has rejected a meeting requested by u.s. vice president mike pence during his visit later this month in protest against washington s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
 say deal reached with government"
"berlin (reuters) - german foreign minister sigmar gabriel on saturday denied a report that said the social democrat
"london (reuters) - british voters will be able to change the terms of the country s relationship with the european union after leaving the bloc if they don t like the final brexit deal
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe has named a former diplomat as the head of its intelligence agency
"manama (reuters) - a senior united arab emirates (uae) official said on saturday that u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel was a boon to extremists.  these issues are a gift to radicalism. radicals and extremists will use that to fan the language of hate
"prague (reuters) - the designated czech prime minister andrej babis said that the european union should not push czechs over their refusal to shelter asylum-seekers
 palestinian president defiant"
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduras  two main opposition parties on friday presented formal requests to annul the results of the still-unresolved presidential election
"surendranagar
"kathmandu (reuters) - a leftist alliance between nepal s former maoist rebels and moderate communists appeared to be heading for a victory in elections aimed at completing a transition to democracy after the abolition of the monarchy and end to civil war. early tallies from thursday s vote show the leftists lead in 63 out of 80 constituencies where counting has begun. nepal has seen 10 government changes in as many years. instability has given rise to corruption
"hanoi (reuters) - vietnamese police on friday arrested a former top communist party official suspected of misconduct while he was chairman of the main state energy firm
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico s newest political force formally emerged on friday when a right-left coalition presented its official request with the electoral institute to compete in next year s presidential election.  the coalition
"united nations (reuters) - britain
 thailand"
"seoul (reuters) - u.n. political affairs chief jeffrey feltman
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese police arrested three crew of a north korean boat on saturday for stealing a generator from a hut on an uninhabited island
"san francisco (reuters) - uber technologies inc and a woman who accused top executives of improperly obtaining her medical records after a company driver raped her in india have agreed to settle a civil lawsuit the woman filed against uber in june
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican president enrique pena nieto on friday asked senate lawmakers to include civil society s views in their discussion of a divisive bill that critics say would give the military greater powers and deepen its role in the country s drug war. the bill
 u.s. warned saudis of threats in congress"
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian police recaptured the former president of georgia mikheil saakashvili on friday
 u.s. warned saudis of threats in congress"
"copenhagen (reuters) - the populist danish people s party (df)
"washington (reuters) - the united states is reviewing military options
"goma
"gaza (reuters) - israel s military said its aircraft bombed militant targets in gaza on friday and the palestinian health ministry said at least 25 people were wounded in the strikes
"male (reuters) - the maldives government signed a free trade agreement with china during a visit to beijing by its leader
"brasilia (reuters) - brazilian president michel temer accepted the resignation on friday of his minister of political affairs
 defying eu
 saudis seen on board with u.s. peace efforts"
"douala (reuters) - a celebrated cameroonian writer who wrote a piece critical of the government s handling of a separatist crisis in its anglophone region was detained at douala airport on thursday
"sofia (reuters) - bulgaria s foreign ministry said on friday any discussion about a revision of the treaty defining the borders of its neighbors greece and turkey would not help stability in the region. the statement comes a day after turkish president tayyip erdogan said during a visit to greece that some details in the treaty of lausanne
"warsaw (reuters) - poland s lower house of parliament on friday approved changes to the country s national judiciary council
"gaza (reuters) - the united states cannot broker the israeli-palestinian peace process
"cairo (reuters) - palestinian chief negotiator saeb erekat told al jazeera tv on friday that the palestinians will not talk to the united states until president donald trump has reversed his decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"warsaw (reuters) - poland will continue fighting tax evasion
"colombo (reuters) - sri lanka s parliament approved on friday a raft of tax concessions for a chinese-led joint venture which will handle the southern port of hambantota under a $1.1 billion deal that has sparked public anger and concerns in india and elsewhere. the deal
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s high court ruled on friday that president jacob zuma s appointment of a state prosecutor to decide whether to reinstate corruption charges against him was not valid and should be set aside immediately. the court also ruled that zuma should not make a new appointment and that deputy president cyril ramaphosa should appoint a new public prosecutor within 60 days. the ruling is a stinging rebuke for zuma
 palestinians: haley"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. military said on friday it carried out airstrikes on nov. 20 in yemen s al bayda province that killed five militants from al qaeda s affiliate there
"berlin (reuters) - a senior member of germany s social democrats (spd) said her party would start talks next week with chancellor angela merkel s conservatives on forming a governing coalition
"paris/brussels (reuters) - france said on friday the united states had sidelined itself in the middle east by recognizing jerusalem as israel s capital
"jerusalem/gaza (reuters) - the islamist group hamas urged palestinians on thursday to abandon peace efforts and launch a new uprising against israel in response to u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as its capital. palestinian factions called for a  day of rage  on friday
 venezuela mayoral vote will strengthen maduro"
 corruption on traditional feast day"
"brussels (reuters) - the european commission said on friday that enough progress had been made in brexit negotiations to allow a second phase of talks on future relations to begin. the following is a summary of a joint eu-uk report showing the agreements on three key topics: refers to british citizens
"geneva (reuters) - british opposition leader jeremy corbyn said on friday he wanted to see much more information about the brexit divorce deal struck between prime minister theresa may s government and the european commission. may sealed the deal after a pre-dawn dash to brussels
"paris (reuters) - in his first seven months in office
"paris (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on friday questioned some of saudi arabia s recent moves in the middle east
"kiev (reuters) - ukraine s neighbors have a right to criticize a new ukrainian law banning schools from teaching in minority languages beyond primary school level
"zurich (reuters) - the swiss government proposed on friday allowing house arrest for people seen as posing a security threat even if they are not suspected of a specific crime. the step is part of an anti-terrorism package the country is drawing up to plug what it sees as gaps in its legal system when it comes to people it calls  potential threats .  at the moment police and justice officials have their hands tied in acting effectively against such people as long as no criminal investigation is under way
 turkey's erdogan woos crowds in northern greece"
"juba (reuters) - at least 45 people have died in fighting between ethnic groups in south sudan s northern state of western lakes
 eu clinch brexit 'breakthrough' with move to trade talks"
"cairo (reuters) - one of egypt s top muslim leaders
 burn u.s. flags: tv"
"geneva (reuters) - the u.n. migration agency called on social media giants on friday to make it harder for people smugglers to use their platforms to lure west african migrants to libya where they can face detention
warsaw (reuters) - poland s president andrzej duda designated finance minister mateusz morawiecki as the country s new prime minister after beata szydlo tendered her resignation. the ruling conservative law and justice (pis) party decided on thursday to swap szydlo for morawiecki as they gear up for a series of elections due in the next three years. 
 red tape linger in brexit citizens' deal"
 judicial reforms under macri worry argentina opposition"
" (corrects source in headline and first paragraph of dec. 5 story; adds source in third paragraph) by vladimir soldatkin moscow (reuters) - russia has communication channels with north korea open and moscow is ready to exert its influence on pyongyang
 source says"
 iran to stop interfering in lebanon"
"dubai (reuters) - a day before they killed yemen s former president
"sao paulo (reuters) - brazilian president michel temer said on friday that the pension reform bill that is  indispensable  to reduce the nation s budget deficit must be voted on this year in the lower house of congress before the 2018 election year. speaking at a chemical industry event
"london (reuters) - britain s theresa may won a temporary reprieve from rival factions within her own party on friday by striking a overnight agreement with the european union that some business leaders hope will increase prospects of an orderly exit from the bloc. after all-night negotiations and an early morning dash to brussels by may
"moscow (reuters) - iranian defence minister amir hatami plans to visit russia soon
"jerusalem (reuters) - an israeli cabinet minister said on friday the phrasing of u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital suggested an openness to eventual palestinian control of part of the city
"gaza (reuters) - israeli soldiers shot dead a palestinian man on friday near the gaza border in clashes over u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital
 putin to discuss syria
"vienna (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on friday that the recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital by the united states runs counter to common sense.  this announcement runs counter to common sense
"budapest (reuters) - hungary s main opposition jobbik party has launched a crowd funding campaign to raise money for a state audit authority fine that it said could cripple it in the run-up to 2018 elections. hungarians will vote for a new parliament in april and prime minister viktor orban s populist fidesz party is far ahead in the polls
"geneva (reuters) - britain s opposition labour party wants a close relationship with the rest of europe after brexit
"vilnius/kiev (reuters) - ukrainian president petro poroshenko denied on friday  interfering with the work of law enforcement bodies investigating corruption and he urged such agencies to refrain from playing politics.  ukrainian authorities this week have faced accusations of  deliberately sabotaging anti-corruption reforms
"geneva (reuters) - peace and stability must be restored in myanmar s northern rakhine state before any rohingyas can return from bangladesh
 activists say"
"moscow (reuters) - serbia has embarked on a pro-european course but it has no plans to join the nato defence alliance
"hanoi (reuters) - vietnamese police on friday arrested a former top communist party official suspected of misconduct while he was chairman of the main state energy firm
"brussels (reuters) - the european union should be ready to start negotiating details of a post-brexit transition period with britain early in the new year
"warsaw (reuters) - the venice commission
"kabul/jakarta (reuters) - thousands of protesters in muslim-majority countries in asia rallied on friday to condemn the u.s. decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"san cristobal/maracaibo
"the hague (reuters) - a dutch businessman convicted in april of selling weapons to ex-liberian president and warlord charles taylor was arrested in south africa on a dutch warrant
"london (reuters) - britain and the european union struck a divorce deal on friday that paves the way for talks on trade
 foreign powers urged to maintain non-interference policy"
"berlin (reuters) - ten people went on trial in germany on friday for alleged  failures in planning the  love parade  music festival in 2010 when 21 people were killed and more than 650 injured in a  stampede. prosecutors have charged the defendants
"ankara (reuters) - a high-level defector from kurdish-led forces that captured the syrian city of raqqa from islamic state has recanted his account of the city s fall
"berlin (reuters) - germany regards friday s joint report on progress made in the negotiations on britain s departure from the european union as a step forward but believes much work remains even if the initial stage of brexit talks is concluded
 china urges calm"
"montreal (reuters) - the united nations aviation agency is not considering the  creation of a  no-fly  zone around north korea because the direction of pyongyang s tests are not predictable
vienna (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on friday that military drills held by the united states and south korea seemed to have aimed at provoking north korea to hold more missile tests. he also said moscow condemns north korea s missile tests. 
 playing for north korea under shadow of missile crisis"
"brussels (reuters) - the future free trade agreement between the european union and britain will have to be along the same lines as the one the eu has with canada
"brussels (reuters) - britain estimates the ultimate cost of meeting its financial obligations to the european union on brexit at 40 to 45 billion euros
"harare (reuters) - a zimbabwean court has postponed to jan. 4 the trial of a u.s. citizen accused of attempting to undermine the authority of former zimbabwean president robert mugabe s government. martha o donovan
"beijing (reuters) - china said on friday it had lodged a complaint with australia after its prime minister
"london (reuters) - british foreign secretary boris johnson
"beijing (reuters) - china on friday warned its nationals in pakistan of plans for a series of imminent  terrorist attacks  on chinese targets there
"kuala lumpur (reuters) - malaysia s ruling party united behind scandal-tainted prime minister najib razak as he prepares for a general election due by august by deciding on friday that he could stand unopposed in a party leadership contest due some time next year. najib is hoping to win a third term despite the multi-billion dollar corruption scandal at 1malaysia development berhad (1mdb) that has dogged his premiership for the last two years. najib has consistently denied any wrongdoing at the state fund
"brussels (reuters) - the european union s chief brexit negotiator michel barnier said on friday it was not possible to put a concrete figure on the amount of money britain will have to pay the eu upon exiting the bloc because numbers may change in the future.  i have never quoted any figures and will not start today ... because they can change
"hanoi (reuters) - vietnam s government has promised a full review of charges at a toll gate on a new road after protests there posed a rare challenge to the communist authorities and showed signs of spreading. charges at the cai lay toll road in southern vietnam were suspended by the government on monday after protesting drivers caused long tailbacks by paying fees in bundles of tiny denomination bills. there is little tolerance of dissent in vietnam and the government is acutely sensitive to any sign of public disaffection
 or sooner
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron called on all foreign powers to stop interfering in lebanese politics and urged all lebanese sides to fully implement a pact to keep out of regional conflicts.  for lebanon to be protected from regional crises it s essential that all lebanese parties and regional actors respect the principle of non-interference
"tokyo (reuters) - japan is to acquire medium-range
"dublin (reuters) - the brexit transition period of around two years envisaged in eu draft guidelines on friday is a  decent amount of time  but a longer period could be needed to ratify a future trade deal
"brussels (reuters) - britain s withdrawal agreement from the european union must be ready by october
"london (reuters) - british minister michael gove
 watchdog agency says"
"paris (reuters) - common sense is prevailing in brexit negotiations between britain and the european union
"kiev (reuters) - the head of the international monetary fund
"london (reuters) - brexit minister david davis said britain had taken a big step forward in delivering the country s departure from the european union on friday
"brussels (reuters) - the chairman of european union leaders
"london (reuters) - the divorce deal agreed by london and brussels on friday is a boost to the british economy
"edinburgh (reuters) - scotland s first minister nicola sturgeon said that if britain is leaving the european union then single market and customs union membership were  the only sensible option 
"dublin (reuters) - the brexit agreement on the irish border that assures northern ireland will remain aligned with the european union s customs union and single market  puts a floor  under what is possible in negotiations on trade after britain leaves the eu
"london (reuters) - brexit campaigner nigel farage said britain was now ready to  move on to the next stage of humiliation  after prime minister theresa may agreed the terms of britain s divorce from the european union.   a deal in brussels is good news for mrs may as we can now move on to the next stage of humiliation
"moscow (reuters) - russia s foreign ministry said on friday it was ready for talks with the united states to try to keep a landmark arms control treaty that helped end the cold war alive and that moscow would comply with its obligations if the u.s. did. the ministry was referring to the intermediate-range nuclear forces (inf) treaty
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said on friday she would continue to govern in the interests of all northern ireland and uphold the agreement that ended decades of sectarian violence in the province. the statement comes as an impasse over the future of the irish border once britain leaves the european union looked to have been resolved.   this government will continue to govern in the interests of the whole community in northern ireland and uphold the agreements that have underpinned the huge progress that has been made over the past two decades
 eu agree on divorce bill
"dublin (reuters) - the agreement reached by brexit negotiators early on friday fully guarantees that there can be no hard border on the island of ireland once britain leaves the european union
"brussels (reuters) - britain will  maintain full alignment  after brexit with the european union s single market and customs union rules that support peace
"brussels (reuters) - european union chief executive jean-claude juncker said on friday that brexit talks would move on to the second phase to talk about trade after he judged that  sufficient progress  had been made on the divorce deal.   the commission has just formally decided to recommend to the european council that sufficient progress has now been made on the strict terms of the divorce
 says northern ireland's dup leader"
"brussels (reuters) - martin selmayr
 lobby for jailed aid worker"
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduras  election tribunal will re-count 4
"tokyo (reuters) - japan s oxford-educated crown prince
"brussels/dublin (reuters) - the united kingdom and ireland could reach agreement in hours on how to run their post-brexit irish land border
"brussels (reuters) - britain s prime minister theresa may and european commission president jean-claude juncker may meet early on friday to reach a deal on the irish border after brexit
"dublin (reuters) - brexit negotiators in brussels
"tunis (reuters) - thousands of tunisians protested in several cities on thursday against u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital and decision to move the u.s. embassy there
"washington (reuters) - when president donald trump told the palestinian president of his intention to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
 peru villagers spurn shiny new town"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson will meet lebanese prime minister saad al-hariri in paris on friday
"shanghai (reuters) - china has jailed 21 people for their roles in a deadly fire that killed 39 elderly people at a private nursing home two years ago
 threaten strike after estacio layoffs in brazil"
 arrest sought"
 congressional leaders delay brazil pension vote"
"dubai (reuters) - a western-backed saudi-led coalition scored its first major gains in yemen since former president ali abdullah saleh was killed on monday when local fighters captured an area on the red sea coast from houthi rebels
"cox s bazar (reuters) - dawn hues of pink and purple reveal a dusty valley in bangladesh s southern hills quilted with a dense settlement of red tents home to more than 230 women and children grieving for lost husbands and fathers. they are among more than 625
"warsaw (reuters) - poland s ruling conservatives named in an expected move finance minister mateusz morawiecki as the country s new prime minister on thursday as they gear up for a series of elections in the coming years. morawiecki
"lima (reuters) - peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski said on thursday that authorities leading an expanding graft investigation into brazilian builder odebrecht had gone too far by raiding the offices of the rightwing opposition party that rules congress. the attorney general s office has spent the past year working to identify the recipients of bribes that odebrecht has admitted paying to secure contracts over a decade-long period in peru
"charleston
"brussels (reuters) - nearly 50
"monrovia (reuters) - liberia s supreme court cleared the way for a presidential run-off election
"tripoli (reuters) - libya s internationally recognized government has appealed to the united states to drop or ease a travel ban imposed on its citizens by u.s. president donald trump
 europe
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian lawmakers on thursday shelved a draft law that critics say would have undermined the independence of anti-corruption institutions
"london (reuters) - britain said on thursday that talks about moving the brexit process forward were  ongoing  after prime minister theresa may spoke to irish prime minister leo varadkar and european commission president jean-claude juncker.  the prime minister has this evening spoken with taoiseach leo varadkar and european commission president jean-claude juncker in separate telephone calls
"jerusalem (reuters) - the israeli military said on thursday that an aircraft and a tank had targeted two posts belonging to militants in the gaza strip after three rockets were launched at israel. sirens sounded in israel at various locations on a day of heightened tension following demonstrations in the coastal enclave and the occupied west bank as palestinians protested at u.s. president donald trump s announcement on wednesday that he was recognizing jerusalem as israel s capital. two rockets launched at israel from the gaza strip fell short inside the palestinian enclave earlier in the evening and a third
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday it believed that saudi arabia would allow a blocked port in yemen to open after president donald trump urged riyadh to lift a blockade to let humanitarian aid reach the yemeni people. the saudi-led military coalition fighting the iran-aligned armed houthi movement in yemen s civil war started blockading ports a month ago after saudi arabia intercepted a missile fired toward its capital riyadh from yemen. although the blockade later eased
"athens (reuters) - greece and turkey squared up over old disputes on thursday during a state visit to athens by president tayyip erdogan that quickly descended into verbal sparring over a list of historical grievances. designed to boost relations between the two nations
"brussels (reuters) - european council president donald tusk will make a statement on brexit early on friday
 calls for reform"
"gaza (reuters) - a senior palestinian official in president mahmoud abbas s ruling fatah party said on thursday that u.s. vice president mike pence
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on thursday it was not aware of any other country that planned to follow president donald trump s lead and recognize jerusalem as israel s capital.  i m not aware of any countries that we anticipate that happening at any point soon
 reversing longtime u.s. policy"
 gaza"
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on thursday that north korea wants direct talks with the united states to seek guarantees on its security from washington
"kiev/chisinau (reuters) - the powerful head of moldova s ruling party vlad plahotniuc on thursday accused russian authorities of harassing him and other officials with dozens of bogus legal cases
"berlin (reuters) - germany s social democrats (spd) voted on thursday to hold talks with chancellor angela merkel s conservatives on forming a government after their leader made an impassioned plea for a free hand to work for a social  united states of europe . the vote clears the way for talks that could resolve the impasse into which europe s economic powerhouse was plunged after merkel and the spd shed support in a september election
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s hezbollah group joined calls on thursday for a new palestinian uprising in response to the u.s. recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital. u.s. president donald trump s decision amounted to an act of  blatant aggression  against the arab and muslim world
"harare (reuters) - a zimbabwean judge freed ousted finance minister ignatius chombo on bail on thursday in a ruling that underlined judicial independence just three weeks after the army helped depose robert mugabe. chombo
"tirana (reuters) - albania is planning to try to lure five-star hotel brands with tax breaks
"berlin (reuters) - german social democratic party (spd) members voted overwhelmingly on thursday to allow their party s leadership to enter talks with chancellor angela merkel s conservatives on forming a government. the party congress s vote means leaders can discuss options including a renewed  grand coalition 
 putin say u.s. decision on jerusalem will have negative impact on region: sources"
"geneva (reuters) - the mediator of u.n.-led syrian peace talks in geneva will assess next week whether either side is trying to sabotage the process
 pope say in phone call attempts to change jerusalem's status should be avoided: turkish sources"
"quetta
"berlin (reuters) - german voters are punishing the pro-business free democrats (fdp) for walking out of three-way coalition talks last month as a poll showed on thursday support for the party falling and the popularity of its leader christian lindner tumbling. the fdp in mid-november quit exploratory talks to form a coalition government with chancellor angela merkel s conservatives and the environmentalist greens. lindner said back then it was better not to govern than to govern the wrong way. some observers speculated that the fdp had planned the move well in advance to boost its standing among voters from the center-right political spectrum and to show the party puts policy principles before power. but the monthly deutschlandtrend survey
 escalation of 'resistance'"
"johannesburg (reuters) - the south african author of a book critical of president jacob zuma said on thursday he had been summoned by police
 says tillerson"
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov told his u.s. counterpart rex tillerson that u.s. pressure on russian diplomats and media was unacceptable
"jerusalem (reuters) - an israeli siren phone application sounded that rockets were fired at israel at various locations near the gaza strip on thursday but there was no initial confirmation of any hits in israel
 merkel says germany sticking to u.n. resolutions"
 ngo laws
"belfast (reuters) - talks between democratic unionist party and the british government to secure a deal on the post-brexit future of the region s border continued on thursday
"ankara (reuters) - the jailed leader of turkey s pro-kurdish opposition was remanded in prison for at least two more months on thursday at the opening of his trial on terrorism-related charges.  selahattin demirtas
 calls for action"
"sydney (reuters) - australia became the 26th nation to legalise same-sex marriage on thursday
 but risks remain"
"dhaka (reuters) - rohingya refugees continue to flee myanmar for bangladesh even though both countries set up a timetable last month to allow them to start to return home
"lesbos
"moscow (reuters) - opinion polls show vladimir putin is already a shoo-in to win a fourth presidential term. but a ban on russia taking part in the winter olympics is likely to make support for him even stronger
"moscow (reuters) - russian prime minister dmitry medvedev said on thursday that a decision by the international olympic committee (ioc) this week to ban the russian team from next year s winter olympics had been deliberately taken to sour the pre-election mood. medvedev was referring to a march presidential election in which incumbent vladimir putin is standing for re-election.  this is politics
"jeju
"athens (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan said on thursday that u.s. president donald trump s  unfortunate  decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel was  trampling on international laws . erdogan speaking in athens after talks with prime minister alexis tsipras
"bangkok (reuters) - a thai court issued arrest warrants against five people on thursday over the discovery of a cache of weapons
"harare (reuters) - a white zimbabwean farmer kicked off his property at gunpoint in june has been told he will be going home within days
"warsaw (reuters) - poland is ready to defend its decision in the european union s top court to refuse to accept migrants from africa and the middle east under an eu plan to redistribute them
"doha (reuters) - qatar will buy fighter jets and armored vehicles as part of 12 billion euros worth of commercial contracts it agreed with france on thursday
 islamic state defeated in syria"
"budapest (reuters) - hungary s main opposition party would be unable to compete at an election next april if state auditors impose a heavy fine in a campaign finance case
 defends western policy"
"ankara (reuters) - the united states has primed a bomb in the middle east with its decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"brussels (reuters) - the eu s top diplomat pledged on thursday to reinvigorate diplomacy with russia
"amsterdam (reuters) - a man with a palestinian flag yelling  god is great  was detained by police in the netherlands on thursday after smashing the windows of a kosher jewish restaurant in amsterdam. the violent outburst came a day after u.s. president donald trump recognized jerusalem as the capital of israel
"istanbul (reuters) - a former turkish beauty pageant winner may face up to a year in prison over a tweet referring to last year s failed military coup that cost her  miss turkey  title
"vienna (reuters) - a 25-year-old bosnian man has been arrested in the austrian city of graz on suspicion of planning an attack on its christmas market
"moscow (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel has complicated the situation in the middle east and is causing a split in the international community
"tunis (reuters) - more than 90 mayors from across libya s political divides are meeting for the first time in an effort to shore up their role in tackling conflict-linked crises and promote themselves as a unifying movement. local councils are one of the few parts of the vast north african state still functioning in a country where rival camps have split the government and major institutions as they vie for power and a share of shrunken oil revenues.  when a citizen grumbles or complains about a service
london (reuters) - british foreign secretary boris johnson said on thursday u.s. recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital was  not helpful  and that the world would like to see some serious announcements from president donald trump on how to resolve middle eastern issues. 
"moscow (reuters) - russia will criticize u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel in the united nations security council
"moscow (reuters) - the decision by the united states to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel risks aggravating the israeli-palestinian conflict
 summons ambassador"
 israel"
 kenya attorney general says"
"bangkok (reuters) - thai police have arrested four members of a hells angels biker gang accused of drug crimes
"tokyo (reuters) - a japanese cosmetic surgeon criticized for praising nazis and playing down japan s wartime atrocities won an auction for a memoir by emperor hirohito that chronicles the nation s slide into world war two
"athens (reuters) - greek president prokopis pavlopoulos on thursday ruled out a revision of an international treaty defining the borders of greece and turkey.  the treaty of lausanne defines the territory and the sovereignty of greece and of the european union and this treaty is for us non-negotiable.   it has no flaws
 says sovereignty sacred"
"qatar (reuters) - france and qatar signed commercial contracts worth around 12 billion euros  ($14.15 billion) on thursday
"moscow (reuters) - former russian economy minister alexei ulyukayev
"london (reuters) - britain s electoral commission said on thursday it was investigating campaign group momentum - which backed the opposition labour party at a june election - over whether it breached campaign finance rules. momentum is closely associated with left-wing labour leader jeremy corbyn and has helped the party attract new voters
"baghdad (reuters) - iraq s senior shi ite cleric grand ayatollah ali al-sistani condemned on thursday u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital.  this decision is condemned and decried
"seoul (reuters) - a u.s. b-1b bomber on wednesday joined large-scale u.s.-south korean military exercises that north korea has denounced as pushing the peninsula to the brink of nuclear war
" (in this dec. 6 story
"gaza (reuters) - the powerful palestinian islamist group hamas called on thursday for a new uprising against israel after u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as the israeli capital.  we should call for and we should work on launching an intifada in the face of the zionist enemy
"jerusalem (reuters) - the israeli military said it was reinforcing troops deployed in the occupied west bank on thursday as palestinians protested against the u.s. recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital. several new army battalions would be deployed and other forces put on standby
"beijing (reuters) - china expressed  strong dissatisfaction  with india on thursday over the recent crash of an indian drone in chinese territory
"brussels (reuters) - britain will guarantee rights for as yet unborn children who join eu parents after brexit and accept eu judges  rulings on such rights
"dublin (reuters) - irish prime minister leo varadkar s fine gael party surged into an 11-point lead in a poll on thursday
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said on thursday many countries would follow the united states in recognising jerusalem as israel s capital and contacts were underway. wednesday s announcement by u.s. president donald trump reversed decades of peace-making policy on jerusalem
"beirut (reuters) - syrian president bashar al-assad s negotiating team is set to arrive in geneva on sunday to participate in peace talks
"(reuters) - two u.s. b-1b bombers took part in joint u.s.-south korean military drills on thursday
 militia says troops a target"
"london (reuters) - britons who have joined the islamic state militant group in syria and iraq should be hunted down and killed
"baghdad (reuters) - a prominent iraqi militia backed by iran
"dubai (reuters) - the united arab emirates has denounced the u.s. decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel
ankara (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan said on thursday the united states  decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital completely disregarded a 1980 united nations resolution regarding the status of the city. erdogan also said the decision would throw the region into a  ring of fire . he was speaking to supporters at the airport in ankara before departing to greece for an official visit. 
 pulling no surprises
 palestinians condemn"
"amman (reuters) - jordan on wednesday rejected the u.s. decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel
"ramallah
cairo (reuters) - the kingdom of saudi arabia on thursday condemned the decision by u.s. president donald trump to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel.  the saudi royal court issued a statement saying that the kingdom followed  with deep sorrow  trump s decision and warned of  dangerous consequences of moving the u.s. embassy to jerusalem . the statement also urged the u.s. administration to reverse its decision and adhere to international will.       saudi arabia described the decision as an  unjustified and irresponsible step  and said it represents  a bias against rights of palestinian people .  saudi arabia also said the move represents  a big step back in efforts to advance the peace process  and said it was  a violation of the u.s. neutral position regarding jerusalem .  
"new delhi (reuters) - indian prime minister narendra modi was in the final phase of campaigning on thursday to retain power in his home state and stave off the most serious challenge yet from a combined opposition. the election for a new legislature in the western state of gujarat this weekend is turning out to be a greater challenge for modi than anticipated
"paris (reuters) - iter
 najib rallies muslims over jerusalem"
"bogor
"mexico city (reuters) - a group of mexican opposition senators proposed a constitutional reform on wednesday that would enable a sitting president to face trial for corruption for up to three years after leaving office
"kuala lumpur (reuters) - malaysian prime minister najib razak called on muslims everywhere to strongly oppose any recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital. president donald trump reversed decades of u.s. policy and recognized jerusalem as the capital of israel
"seoul (reuters) - north korea s vice foreign minister met visiting u.n. political affairs chief jeffrey feltman on wednesday in the north korean capital
"kathmandu (reuters) - nepalis began voting in the final round of parliamentary elections on thursday
"washington/phnom penh (reuters) - the united states said on wednesday it would restrict entry to people involved in the cambodian government s actions to undermine democracy
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - the organization of american states (oas) said on wednesday it may call for new honduran elections if any  irregularities  undermine the credibility of results in last month s disputed vote that has sparked a crisis in the central american nation. in a statement
"mexico city (reuters) - seven latin american governments said on wednesday that they supported the decision by honduras  electoral tribunal to proceed with a total recount of disputed ballots in the country s nov. 28 election.  argentina
"washington (reuters) - the united states is asking israel to temper its response to the u.s. recognition of jerusalem as its capital because washington expects a backlash and is weighing the potential threat to u.s. facilities and people
"(reuters) - a somali national has been convicted in an ontario court for his role in the 2008 kidnapping of canadian amanda lindhout
"washington (reuters) - an intense and sustained push by u.s. evangelicals helped drive president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital and eventually relocate the u.s. embassy there
"houston (reuters) - venezuela s former oil czar rafael ramirez said on wednesday the government would make one of its  worst political moves  if investigators target him in an anti-corruption purge
"sihanoukville
 not western policy
"london (reuters) - britain will fail to agree a free trade deal with the eu before it plans to leave the bloc in 2019 and should seek a transition period to avoid a worst-case scenario of crashing out without an agreement
"united nations (reuters) - the united nations security council will meet on friday at the request of eight states on the 15-member body over u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump called for saudi arabia on wednesday to immediately allow humanitarian aid to reach the yemeni people
"berlin (reuters) - the premier of germany s most populous state has become the most senior member of chancellor angela merkel s conservative bloc to throw his weight behind french president emmanuel macron s proposals for deepening and reforming the european union. in an article for thursday s frankfurter allgemeine newspaper
"tunis (reuters) - algeria is deeply concerned about a u.s. decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
(reuters) - the organization of american states (oas) on wednesday called for an immediate return of constitutional rights in honduras and said it may call for new elections if irregularities mean it is impossible to be sure of the results of a disputed nov. 26 vote. the honduran government suspended some rights to free movement by imposing a curfew last week when protests erupted over irregularities in the way results were released from the presidential election. 
"panama city (reuters) - panama recalled its ambassador to the eu from brussels for consultations after the central american country was included on a european union blacklist of countries deemed as tax havens
 rallies to protest trump jerusalem move"
"new york (reuters) - japan s emperor hirohito did not veto his advisers  decision to declare war on the united states in 1941 because he feared triggering an internal conflict that would destroy his country
"washington (reuters) - the collapse of islamic state s self-proclaimed caliphate has not diminished the militant group s ability to inspire attacks on western targets via the internet
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department on wednesday advised u.s. citizens to delay or cancel unnecessary travel to mainland honduras  due to ongoing political protests and the potential for violence.  the travel alert
"athens (reuters) - greek police fired teargas on wednesday at youths marching in athens to mark the ninth anniversary of the killing of a teenager by police in an incident that sparked the worst riots for decades in a country with a history of street violence. before wednesday s march
 irish pm says"
"amman (reuters) - protests broke out on wednesday in areas of jordan s capital amman inhabited by palestinian refugees in response to u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital
 irish pm says"
 anti-facist demonstrations"
"mexico city (reuters) - an opposition alliance in mexico wants to launch a universal basic wage to combat the poverty that blights the lives of almost half the population
"valletta (reuters) - maltese investigators believe a man charged with murdering an anti-corruption journalist set off the car bomb which killed her via sms from a cabin cruiser out at sea
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may disagrees with the u.s. decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel because it is unlikely to help efforts to bring peace to the region
"berlin (reuters) - germany does not support the trump administration s decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"rome (reuters) - former italian prime minister matteo renzi
 says france's macron"
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s president michel aoun said on wednesday that u.s. president donald trump s jerusalem decision was dangerous and threatened the credibility of the united states as a broker of the peace process in the region.  he said the decision had put back the peace process by decades
 summons u.s. charge d'affaires"
"brussels (reuters) - the european union expressed serious concern on wednesday after u.s. president donald trump recognized jerusalem as the capital of israel
"beirut (reuters) - the palestinian cause will stay alive among arabs until the establishment of a palestinian state with jerusalem as its capital
"london (reuters) - britain has not conducted formal sector-by-sector analyses of the impact that leaving the european union will have on the economy
 turkish president discuss regional developments after u.s. embassy move decision: agency"
"london (reuters) - hours after a brexit deal collapsed
"beirut (reuters) - iran  seriously condemns  the u.s. decision to move its embassy to jerusalem and its recognition of the city as israel s capital
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico s foreign ministry said on wednesday that it will keep its israeli embassy in tel aviv
 dismisses u.s. peace role"
"cairo (reuters) - egypt s president abdel fattah al-sisi received a phone call from palestinian president mahmoud abbas to discuss the repercussions of the u.s. decision to move its embassy to jerusalem
 calls for protests"
"doha (reuters) - qatar s foreign minister said on wednesday u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel was a death sentence for all who seek peace
"ramstein air base
"washington (reuters) - the following is the text of an address made by president donald trump announcing the recognition by the united states of jerusalem as israel s capital. the president: thank you. when i came into office
"brussels (reuters) - belgian police commissioner catherine de bolle has been nominated to become the next head of europe s police agency
"gaza (reuters) - palestinian islamist group hamas said u.s. president donald trump s recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital and decision to move the u.s. embassy to the city was a  flagrant aggression against the palestinian people . in a speech in washington
"cairo (reuters) - egypt rejected the u.s. decision to move its embassy to jerusalem
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey s foreign ministry on wednesday condemned a decision by the united states to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel as  irresponsible  and called on washington to reconsider the move. several hundred protesters gathered outside the u.s. consulate in istanbul
"united nations (reuters) - united nations secretary-general antonio guterres said on wednesday that there was no alternative to a two-state solution between israel and the palestinians and that jerusalem was a final-status issue that should be resolved through direct talks.  i have consistently spoken out against any unilateral measures that would jeopardize the prospect of peace for israelis and palestinians
"gaza (reuters) - influential exiled palestinian politician mohammed dahlan said on wednesday palestinians should reject any future peace talks and halt security coordination with israel over u.s. plans to move its embassy in israel to jerusalem. dahlan was speaking via his twitter account shortly before trump confirmed in a speech that washington was breaking with longstanding u.s. policy by recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel and moving the u.s. embassy to the city from tel aviv. palestinian leaders have denounced the planned move and said it could have dangerous consequences
"algiers (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron said on wednesday he did not support u.s. president donald trump s  unilateral  decision to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital and called for calm across the region.  this decision is a regrettable decision that france does not approve of and goes against international law and all the resolutions of the u.n. security council
"cairo/amman/beirut (reuters) - arabs denounced president donald trump s plan to move the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem as a slap in the face but few thought their governments would do much in response. trump phoned allies in the middle east late on tuesday to tell them the united states would acknowledge jerusalem as the capital of israel on wednesday and prepare to move its embassy there.  it incites feelings of anger among all muslims and threatens world peace
"brussels (reuters) - former catalan leader carles puigdemont
" jerusalem (reuters) - president donald trump announced on wednesday that the united states recognizes jerusalem as the capital of israel and that it will move its embassy to the holy city.  in doing so
"dublin (reuters) - ireland is open to adding to a tentative irish border agreement that collapsed on monday but movement will be needed by the end of the week if brexit talks are to move onto the next phase this year
"adu dhabi (reuters) - saudi arabia is interested in reaching a civilian nuclear cooperation agreement with washington
000 soldiers to slim down military"
"astana (reuters) - kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev threatened on wednesday to sack his cabinet if they failed to make large state companies bring back cash held abroad. nazarbayev
"brussels (reuters) - the european commission proposed on wednesday ideas for deeper euro zone integration in an effort to help unite the broader european union
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian supporters of former georgian president mikheil saakashvili freed him from a police van on tuesday after his detention on suspicion of assisting a criminal organisation led to clashes with police in kiev. once freed
 but not with iran"
 other drugmakers bet on post-brexit uk science"
"london (reuters) - no fuel shipments have reached yemen s largest port for a month
 west bank to december 20"
"yaounde (reuters) - cameroon s government has ordered thousands of villagers to leave their homes in the anglophone southwest region as it deploys troops to root out armed separatists who have vowed to loosen president paul biya s long grip on power. the deployment marks an escalation of biya s year-long crackdown on peaceful protests in the english-speaking northwest and southwest regions that has killed dozens of civilians and forced thousands to flee their homes in fear of reprisals. now
 france urge russia to 'deliver' assad delegation to syria peace talks"
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on wednesday a complete victory had been achieved over islamic state militants on both banks of the euphrates river in syria. in comments released by the kremlin
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on wednesday his decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel is long overdue.  i think it s long overdue. many presidents have said they want to do something and they didn t do it
"london (reuters) - britain s government has not yet decided what it wants from a final brexit deal because it is still waiting to clear preliminary talks with brussels
"ankara (reuters) - a sacked turkish professor who has been on hunger strike for almost nine months and is barely half her original weight said on wednesday she had appealed a court ruling that linked her to a banned far-left group and handed her a six-year jail sentence. nuriye gulmen
"ankara (reuters) - president tayyip erdogan s spokesman said on wednesday the u.s. judge hearing the trial of an executive at turkey s state-owned halkbank had taken part in events organized by a cleric ankara blames for last year s failed military coup.  the issue has gone beyond a legal case
 residents in capital stay indoors"
"geneva (reuters) - a blockade of yemen s key ports appeared to have been broken on wednesday as ships arrived with food and fuel for the desperate population
"kiev (reuters) - dozens of ukrainian police in riot gear raided a protest camp outside parliament on wednesday in a failed attempt to detain former georgian president mikheil saakashvili
" (removes erroneous reference to montreal as quebec s capital in this dec. 5 story) by sonya dowsett and allison lampert madrid/montreal (reuters) - a flight by businesses from catalonia s independence crisis has drawn comparisons with quebec
"tripoli (reuters) - libyan electoral officials announced on wednesday the opening of a two-month voter registration period
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s ruling african national congress (anc) is doing everything possible to avoid a split in the party after elections for a new leader this month
"jerusalem (reuters) - palestinian president mahmoud abbas will deliver a televised speech on wednesday in response to u.s. president donald trump s anticipated announcement that washington recognizes jerusalem as israel s capital
"jerusalem (reuters) - palestinians seethed with anger and a sense of betrayal over u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize the disputed city of jerusalem as the capital of israel. many heard the death knell for the long-moribund u.s.-sponsored talks aimed at ending the israeli-palestinian conflict and establishing a palestinian state alongside israel. they also said more violence could erupt.  trump wants to help israel take over the entire city. some people may do nothing
"maiduguri
 official says shabaab targeted"
 open to peacekeepers"
"jerusalem (reuters) - in the 50 years since israel captured jerusalem
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin said on wednesday he would decide very soon whether to run for re-election next year
"mexico city (reuters) - former mexico finance minister jose antonio meade
"beirut (reuters) - russian air strikes killed 21 people in a village on the eastern side of the euphrates river in east syria
"bangkok (reuters) - a thai court sentenced a 62-year-old man to 27 years in prison on wednesday for planting a bomb at a bangkok hospital that wounded 21 people. the explosion hit the phramongkutklao hospital in the thai capital
"prague (reuters) - czech billionaire businessman andrej babis was appointed prime minister on wednesday after his ano party came first in an october election
"marseille
"cairo (reuters) - the arab league is to hold an emergency meeting on saturday on u.s. plans to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel
"brussels (reuters) - the european commission proposed on wednesday a package of legislative and non-binding measures to reform the euro zone and make it more resilient to future crises.  below are the main proposals: the euro zone bailout fund
"dubai (reuters) - the crown prince of abu dhabi offered his condolences to the son of slain former yemen president ali abdullah saleh at his residence in abu dhabi
"london (reuters) - a british man posted a picture of prince george
"london (reuters) - a 20-year-old man appeared in court on wednesday accused of plotting to kill british prime minister theresa may by first detonating an explosive device to get into her downing street office. naa imur rahman
"athens (reuters) - greece s supreme court will decide on dec. 13 whether to extradite a russian to the united states where authorities want to put him on trial for laundering $4 billion via a bitcoin platform. alexander vinnik
"budapest (reuters) - a hungarian european parliament member who belongs to the nationalist opposition jobbik party has been charged with spying on european union institutions for russia
 progress made in talks - spokesman"
"london (reuters) - a spokesman for british prime minister theresa may warned on wednesday against the idea that discussions with northern ireland s democratic unionist party to resolving a brexit row could involve the northern irish budget.  i d warn you against speculating in that direction
"paris (reuters) - france accused the syrian government on wednesday of obstructing u.n.-led peace talks with its refusal to return to geneva and called on russia not to shirk its responsibilities to get damascus to the negotiating table. talks on ending the war in syria resumed on wednesday
"london (reuters) - mayor of london sadiq khan called on the british government on wednesday to make a formal apology for the 1919 jallianwala bagh massacre in which nearly 400 sikhs were shot dead by british indian army soldiers. during a visit to the golden temple at amritsar in northern india
"berlin (reuters) - germany s social democrats (spd) will do everything in their power to ensure that berlin embraces the european ideas of french president emmanuel macron
 trump to recognize jerusalem as israel's capital"
 says its status should be determined by negotiation"
"tokyo (reuters) - an increasing number of fishing boats from north korea has been appearing off japan - some in distress
 says pope in response to trump move"
"berlin (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump is undermining international stability with his decision to recognise jerusalem as israel s capital and move the u.s. embassy there
 woman at the centre of britain's biggest sex scandal
 several people injured"
"sydney (reuters) - australia faces a series of by-elections that could topple the government
"london (reuters) - a man appeared in a london court on wednesday on suspicion of plotting to kill prime minister theresa may. a prosecution lawyer told westminster magistrates court that the plot was to detonate an explosive device at the gates of downing street
"brussels (reuters) - u.s. recognition that jerusalem is israel s capital would be important for israel even if it delayed moving its embassy there
 iran's leader says"
"brussels (reuters) - britain s foreign secretary boris johnson called on the united states on wednesday to present its proposal to revive the middle east peace process  as a matter of priority.  before a meeting with u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson at nato
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on wednesday that russia was concerned that the conflict between israel and the palestinian authorities could be aggravated further by u.s. president donald trump s plans to move the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem.  however
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu did not comment on the planned u.s. recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital on wednesday during his first public remarks since the white house confirmed the new policy. in his 21-minute speech to a jerusalem diplomatic conference
"beijing (reuters) - china expressed concern on wednesday about u.s. president donald trump s reported intention to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital and relocate the u.s. embassy to the ancient city
 turkey seek closer ties with erdogan visit
 u.n. says"
"brussels (reuters) - turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu said on wednesday that it would be a  grave mistake  for the united states to move its embassy in israel to jerusalem and that he had warned u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson. before a bilateral meeting with tillerson at nato headquarters
"zimbabwe (reuters) - a zimbabwean court has postponed to thursday the bail hearing of former finance minister ignatius chombo
 france warn citizens in jerusalem amid planned u.s. recognition"
"ankara (reuters) - the turkish government s spokesman on wednesday said that the united states  decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel will plunge the region and the world into  a fire with no end in sight .  declaring jerusalem a capital is disregarding history and the truths in the region
"beirut (reuters) - the syrian government on wednesday condemned u.s. president donald trump s decision to recognize the city of jerusalem as the capital of israel and to move the u.s. embassy there from tel aviv
 drawing line under crisis"
"london (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump would effectively be making a declaration of war if he recognizes jerusalem as israel s capital
"london (reuters) - british foreign secretary boris johnson said on wednesday that he was concerned about reports that u.s. president donald trump s would recognize jerusalem as israel s capital.  lets wait and see what the president says exactly. but
 near afghan border"
"moscow (reuters) - the state duma lower house of russia s parliament voted on wednesday to bar correspondents of u.s. mass media
"beijing (reuters) - china said on wednesday it hopes relevant parties can exercise restraint over north korea
"beirut (reuters) - iran s foreign ministry denied on wednesday u.s. accusations that the islamic republic is playing a destabilizing role in the region
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodia s exiled opposition leader sam rainsy has committed treason by inciting soldiers to defy orders
 customs union option open after transition"
"beijing (reuters) - the official newspaper of china s ruling communist party has lavished unusually high levels of praise on president xi jinping s signature leadership
"melbourne (reuters) - china accused australia of hysteria and paranoia on wednesday  after prime minister malcolm turnbull vowed to ban foreign political donations in a move to curb external influence on its domestic politics. foreign powers were making  unprecedented and increasingly sophisticated attempts to influence the political process  in australia and the world
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican authorities said on tuesday they will aim to identify some 3
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - the honduran opposition battling president juan orlando hernandez over a disputed presidential election proposed on tuesday that a run-off be held if authorities would not recount the entire vote. tv star salvador nasralla
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican soldiers arbitrarily executed two people after an illegal raid last year
"beijing (reuters) - south korean president moon jae-in will visit china from dec. 13-16
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi told u.s. president donald trump on tuesday there was no need to  complicate  matters in the middle east after trump phoned him to talk about his decision to move the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem
"vancouver (reuters) - high-rolling gamblers will face more stringent anti-money-laundering standards in british columbia casinos
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on tuesday that the killing of former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh would
"london (reuters) - britain will need a  new paradigm  to sell financial services to the european union after brexit as existing trade deals the eu has with foreign countries do not go far enough
"dublin (reuters) - ireland might consider adding elements to the text of an agreement on the post-brexit future of northern ireland s border as long as they do not undermine those already contained in the deal
"valletta (reuters) - a magistrate on tuesday charged three men with murder over a car-bomb blast that killed anti-corruption journalist daphne caruana galizia
"tunis (reuters) - the united nations migration agency is stepping up the rate at which it flies migrants home from libya
"beirut (reuters) - a bomb blast killed eight people and injured 16 others on a bus in syria s homs on tuesday
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump spoke separately on tuesday with five middle east leaders about  potential decisions regarding jerusalem  amid reports he plans to move the u.s. embassy to the city
"asuncion (reuters) - paraguay s congress passed a bill on tuesday creating a state-sponsored system to import marijuana seeds and grow the plant for medical uses
 government says"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday will deliver remarks about his decision on whether to move the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem from tel aviv
"caracas/houston (reuters) - venezuela s powerful former oil czar rafael ramirez said on tuesday he resigned from his job as u.n. envoy on orders of the president
"houston (reuters) - venezuela s former ambassador to the united nations
"washington (reuters) - united nations envoy jeffrey feltman
"jerusalem (reuters) - the u.s. consulate in jerusalem instructed employees on tuesday to stay away from the occupied west bank and parts of jerusalem after president donald trump told middle east leaders he planned to move the u.s. embassy in israel to the holy city.  the decision breaks with decades of u.s. policy and risks fuelling violence in the middle east. palestinian factions in gaza and the west bank issued calls on tuesday for protests against trump s expected moves on jerusalem.  with widespread calls for demonstrations beginning dec. 6 in jerusalem and the west bank
" ((this december 4 story has been corrected to change  last year  to 2015 in sixth paragraph
"amman (reuters) - jordan s king abdullah told u.s. president donald trump on tuesday that any move by the united states to declare jerusalem the capital of israel would have  dangerous repercussions  for regional stability
"simi valley
"lagos (reuters) - lawmakers in the upper house of nigeria s parliament voted on tuesday to launch an investigation into alleged acts of brutality by a specialist unit of the police. the move follows a social media campaign calling for the special anti-robbery squad (sars) to be scrapped. the campaign
"brussels (reuters) - theresa may must deliver her offer on a brexit divorce package this week if she wants european union leaders to grant britain s request for talks on future free trade when they meet next week
"brussels (reuters) - here is a timeline of the coming few days that will determine whether britain avoids further costly delays in giving business assurances of a smooth exit from the european union and of free trade with its biggest market in the future:  may wants the eu to open the second phase of brexit negotiations concerning relations after britain s withdrawal on march 30
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabia s public prosecutor said on tuesday most of the people detained in a sweeping anti-corruption campaign launched last month have agreed to settlements to avoid prosecution while the rest could be held for months. in a statement
"dubai (reuters) - saudi king salman told u.s. president donald trump that any decision to move the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem before a permanent peace settlement is reached will inflame the feelings of muslims
"moscow (reuters) - russia designated radio free europe/radio liberty (rfe/rl) and voice of america (voa) as  foreign agents  on tuesday
 france's macron breaks 50 percent popularity rating"
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel s mayor of jerusalem nir barkat said on tuesday that moving the u.s. embassy in israel from tel aviv to the holy city can take  two minutes . senior u.s. officials have said president donald trump is likely on wednesday to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital while delaying relocating the embassy from tel aviv for another six months
 oic meetings over trump's jerusalem moves: foreign minister"
"madrid (reuters) - spain s supreme court on tuesday withdrew an international arrest warrant for catalonia s former leader
"kuwait (reuters) - qatar s emir said on tuesday he hoped a summit of the gulf cooperation council (gcc) in kuwait would help maintain stability in the region
 replace with finance minister: sources"
000 is fighters remain in iraq and syria"
"sanaa/dubai (reuters) - the powerful exiled son of yemen s slain ex-president ali abdullah saleh vowed on tuesday to lead a campaign against the houthi movement that killed his father after he switched sides in the civil war. the intervention by ahmed ali saleh
"moscow (reuters) - six russian long-range bombers struck islamic state targets in syria s deir al-zor province
 world powers
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin phoned palestinian president mahmoud abbas on tuesday to tell him moscow backs a resumption of talks between israel and palestinian authorities
"london (reuters) - a suicide attack at a pop concert in manchester that killed 22 people in may might have been prevented if the security services had responded differently to intelligence in the months before the attack
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump spoke with palestinian president mahmoud abbas on tuesday amid reports the united states is planning to formally recognise jerusalem as the capital of israel
 seeks access
"amsterdam (reuters) - dutch politicians gave each other high-fives when they won a contest to host the european medicines agency last month
"london (reuters) - britain s opposition labour party called on prime minister theresa may on tuesday to put post-brexit membership of the single market and the customs union under discussion in talks with the european union.  what an embarrassment - the last 24 hours have given a new meaning to the phrase  coalition of chaos
 24 others in palermo dragnet"
"london (reuters) - the northern irish party that props up prime minister theresa may said it only got the text of the draft brexit deal late on monday morning and that the party told the british government that the terms were unacceptable.  despite several briefings over the course of the last few weeks
"jerusalem (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump informed palestinian president mahmolud abbas on tuesday that he intends to move the u.s. embassy to jerusalem
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi federal and kurdish regional judiciaries are violating the  rights of islamic state suspects with flawed trials
 jordan king
"baghdad (reuters) - iraq is opposed to the united states recognising jerusalem as israel s capital and moving its embassy there
"madrid (reuters) - spain has made its largest cocaine bust in 18 years
"ankara (reuters) - turkey is investigating reports that 11 turkish folk dancers applied for asylum after attending a folk dance festival in the hungarian capital budapest
"cairo (reuters) - arab league secretary general ahmed aboul gheit said on tuesday that the united states should not take any measures that would alter jerusalem s legal and political status
"berlin (reuters) - police raided apartments across germany on tuesday
"istanbul (reuters) - a turkish court on tuesday adjourned for four months the trial of 10 academics who signed a letter to the turkish government last year calling for violence against turkey s kurds to end. the academics are the first group from 148 who are being prosecuted for signing the open letter. they are accused of insulting the turkish government and carrying out propaganda for a terrorist group. in total
"london (reuters) - spanish prime minister mariano rajoy said he expected britain and the european union to progress soon into the next phase of brexit negotiations
"vienna (reuters) - same-sex couples will be allowed to marry in austria from 2019
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations human rights boss called on mexico s senate on tuesday not to adopt a proposed law on internal security
"london (reuters) - the northern irish party which props up prime minister theresa may said on tuesday it would not accept any brexit deal that saw northern ireland diverging either economically or politically from the united kingdom.  we will not allow any settlement to be agreed which causes the divergence politically or economically of northern ireland from the rest of the united kingdom
"stockholm (reuters) - support for the far-right
"monterrey (reuters) - a mexican presidential hopeful and governor of a wealthy border state said he would cut taxes to compete with lower rates in the united states if president donald trump s fiscal reform passes congress
"ankara (reuters) - iranian president hassan rouhani urged muslims on tuesday to disrupt what he called a plot by unnamed countries in the region to build ties with israel. he gave no more details on the states. but an israeli cabinet minister said last month that his government had covert contacts with saudi arabia linked to their common concerns over tehran.  some regional islamic countries have shamelessly revealed their closeness to the zionist regime (israel)
 drawing line under crisis"
 saleh funeral expected"
 400 wounded: icrc"
 tillerson offers eu strong u.s. support"
" (this november 28 story has been corrected to clarify in headline
"sydney (reuters) - several lawmakers filed family history documents in australia s parliament to meet a government deadline on tuesday to try to prove their citizenship and stem a crisis that has so far claimed nine mps and cost the government its majority.     australia s 116-year-old constitution bans dual citizens from holding national office and the high court adopted a strict interpretation of it in october in a country where half the population were either born overseas or have a parent who was. the crisis may yet plunge prime minister malcolm turnbull s liberal-national coalition into minority rule
"bucharest (reuters) - romania s former king michael died in switzerland at the age of 96 on tuesday
"berlin (reuters) - germany should be more assertive in setting foreign policy according to its own interests rather than to those of the united states
"berlin (reuters) - german police on tuesday arrested an afghan citizen on suspicion of smuggling migrants by sea from turkey to greece resulting in the death of several dozen people when the boat sank
"london (reuters) - london police said an item that had prompted a security alert in the financial district of the city on tuesday morning was non-suspicious
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabia has expressed hope the united states would not recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel and warned such a decision would have serious implications
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish police have detained 17 people as part of an investigation related to gold trader reza zarrab
"beirut (reuters) - a bomb blast killed eight people and injured 16 others on a bus in syria s homs on tuesday
"cairo (reuters) - former egyptian interior minister habib al-adly has been arrested after failing to attend his sentencing in a trial over corruption charges
"helsinki/moscow (reuters) - finland s defense ministry said on tuesday it suspected a russian aircraft had violated finnish airspace over the baltic sea earlier in the day. the ministry said a tupolev tu-154
"luxembourg (reuters) - britain s rejection of a transgender woman s claim for a women s state pension because she was still married to her spouse from before her transition is discriminatory
"geneva (reuters) - myanmar told the united nations on tuesday that it was finalizing terms for a joint working group with bangladesh that will launch the process of safe and voluntary return of hundreds of thousands of rohingya refugees within about two months. htin lynn
 u.s. kick off large-scale air exercise amid north korean warnings"
 citing concerns over china
"berlin (reuters) - germans see u.s. president donald trump as a bigger challenge for german foreign policy than authoritarian leaders in north korea
"ankara (reuters) - president tayyip erdogan said on tuesday turkey could go as far as breaking off diplomatic ties with israel if the united states formally recognizes jerusalem as the israeli capital
 britain's may to speak to northern irish party"
"brussels (reuters) - britain s chancellor of the exchequer philip hammond said on tuesday he was confident the eu and britain could reach a brexit deal in talks this week.  we re very confident that we will be able to move this forward
ankara (reuters) - president tayyip erdogan said on tuesday that turkey will  very soon completely destroy  those in syria linked to kurdish militants. turkey has been angered by u.s. support for syrian kurdish ypg fighters who have spearheaded the western-backed military campaign against islamic state. ankara says the ypg is an extension of the outlawed kurdistan workers party (pkk). 
"moscow (reuters) - moscow expects new complications in its relationship with the united states in early 2018 because of possible new u.s. sanctions on russia
"singapore (reuters) - southeast asian countries must step up their fight against religious militancy taking root in their region
"cairo (reuters) - the arab league on tuesday condemned the killing of yemeni ex-president ali abdullah saleh saying his death threatened to cause an  explosion  in the gulf country s security situation
"kabul (reuters) - a top leader of militant group al-qaeda was killed along with 80 people in a joint military operation by afghan army
"manila (reuters) - philippine president rodrigo duterte has ordered the police to actively support the drugs enforcement agency in his war on drugs
"berlin (reuters) - less involvement by the united states in international affairs under president donald trump will have an impact on germany and its european neighbors
 minister says"
 u.s. tillerson to discuss north korea in vienna: ria"
 election protesters rejoice"
 damps fears of protectionism"
"hong kong (reuters) - macau has suspended a pro-democracy lawmaker for alleged  disobedience  after he took to the street instead of staying on a sidewalk during a protest
"united nations (reuters) - the united nations  political affairs chief will visit north korea this week
"tokyo (reuters) - japan is preparing to acquire precision air-launched missiles that for the first time would give it the capability to strike north korean missile sites
"santiago (reuters) - the leader of an influential leftist bloc in chile endorsed center-left presidential hopeful alejandro guillier on monday over conservative sebastian pinera in next week s run-off election. beatriz sanchez
"mexico city (reuters) - the united nations said on monday the mexican government is struggling to keep journalists safe and prosecute their oppressors
 congressman of money laundering: media"
"lima (reuters) - four former and current executives of peruvian construction companies were detained pending trial on monday
"aboard air force one (reuters) - president donald trump will not announce a decision on monday on whether he will again delay moving the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem
"brasilia/rio de janeiro (reuters) - the government of brazil s president michel temer is far from assembling the coalition needed to pass a landmark pension reform
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - observers cannot be certain of the results of honduras  nov. 26 presidential vote due to irregularities
"washington (reuters) - a formal u.s. recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel would be the  kiss of death  to the two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict
"beirut (reuters) - syrian state media on monday said israel had fired missiles at a syrian military facility in the damascus countryside
"berlin/munich (reuters) - the leader of germany s social democrats (spd) said on monday he would launch talks with chancellor angela merkel s conservatives on forming a government next week if members of his center-left party gave him the green light at a congress this weekend. the remarks by martin schulz raised hopes that the two parties that suffered losses to the far right in an election in september could renew an alliance that has ruled germany since 2013 and end the political deadlock in europe s largest economy. merkel turned to the spd after failing to form a three-way alliance with the left-leaning greens and the pro-business free democrats
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron told u.s. president donald trump on monday that he was worried about the possibility that the united states could unilaterally recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel
 heighten tensions"
"zurich (reuters) - switzerland will return to nigeria around $321 million in assets seized from the family of former military ruler sani abacha via a deal signed with the world bank on monday
"washington (reuters) - the united states is calling on all sides in yemen to re-energize political talks to end the country s civil war
"paris (reuters) - lebanese prime minister saad al-hariri will meet ministers from major powers in paris on friday to discuss ways of stabilizing his country a month after his shock resignation plunged it into political turmoil
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s cabinet will meet on tuesday for the first time since the country entered a political crisis a month ago when prime minister saad al-hariri offered his resignation in a broadcast from saudi arabia.  the cabinet s media office said the session would begin at noon at the presidential palace. the meeting is expected to address hariri s resignation which thrust lebanon back into a regional tussle between riyadh and its main regional foe
"johannesburg (reuters) - south african deputy president cyril ramaphosa has received the most nominations for leader of the ruling african national congress (anc) ahead of a party vote this month
"islamabad (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis met pakistan s civilian and military leaders on monday and urged them to  redouble  their efforts to rein in militants accused of using the country as a base to carry out attacks in neighboring afghanistan. mattis
"cairo (reuters) - former egyptian prime minister ahmed shafik
"mogadishu (reuters) - the african union s plan to trim its somalia peacekeeping force (amisom) will hurt the mission unless extra equipment is found to offset the troop decrease
"brussels (reuters) - prime minister theresa may failed to clinch a deal on monday to open talks on post-brexit free trade with the european union after a tentative deal with dublin to keep eu rules in northern ireland angered her allies in belfast. the british leader had sat down to lunch with european commission president jean-claude juncker hoping that a last-minute offer to the irish government of  regulatory alignment  on both sides of a new uk-eu land border would remove a last obstacle to the eu open talks next week on future trade. yet as may and juncker spoke in brussels and the pound rose on prospects of free trade and perhaps a very  soft brexit 
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department has certified that the honduran government has been fighting corruption and supporting human rights
"helsinki (reuters) - finland should remain militarily neutral because it helps ensure security in the baltic sea region
"madrid (reuters) - spain s supreme court refused bail on monday for two catalan pro-independence leaders accused of sedition ahead of regional elections that madrid hopes will defuse the nation s worst political crisis in four decades. the ruling will leave the leaders of catalonia s biggest secessionist groups behind bars during campaigning for the dec. 21 election
"dakar (reuters) - saudi arabia has pledged $100 million to a new regional military force battling jihadist groups in west africa s sahel region
"la paz (reuters) - more than half the ballots cast in bolivia s judicial elections on sunday were spoiled
"brussels (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may failed to secure a breakthrough in brexit talks on monday with european commission president jean-claude juncker.  here is a timeline of the coming 10 days that will determine whether britain avoids further costly delays in giving business assurances of a smooth exit from the european union and of free trade with its biggest market in the future: may wants the eu to open the second phase of brexit negotiations concerning relations after britain s withdrawal on march 30
 wales and london want special brexit deal if northern ireland gets one"
"brussels/dublin (reuters) - british negotiators were locked in last-minute talks with their european union and irish counterparts on monday
 squalid camps"
"brussels (reuters) - ride-hailing app uber [uber.ul] said on monday it was joining a global public transport association to improve mobility in the cities it operates in
"geneva (reuters) - fighting and air strikes have intensified in the yemeni capital of sanaa
"dublin (reuters) - ireland is  surprised and disappointed  that the british government was unable to conclude a deal dublin believed had been agreed on the future of the northern ireland border after brexit
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian security forces killed five suspected militants in a  raid on monday on a desert location being used by the group for training in the nile delta province of sharqiya
"dubai (reuters) - yemeni president abd-rabbu mansour hadi called on yemenis on monday to rise up against the iran-aligned houthis after the death of former president ali abdullah saleh. speaking in a speech carried live on the saudi-owned al-arabiya television
"dakar (reuters) - christian militiamen killed a mauritanian u.n. peacekeeper in an attack on a camp for displaced people in a central african republic diamond-mining town on monday
"athens (reuters) - a greek court on monday ordered the detention of nine turkish citizens pending trial for terrorism-related offences
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump has not yet made a decision on whether to formally recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"berlin (reuters) - german police on monday investigated further suspicious mail packages found around the country as they tried to catch an extortionist who sent a defective parcel bomb to a pharmacy in the city of potsdam last week. that package
"(reuters) - it was an awkward coalition riven by political and sectarian differences
"london (reuters) - britain and the european union have failed to fully agree a deal on brexit
"nairobi (reuters) - a prominent strategist for kenya s opposition who has strongly criticized president uhuru kenyatta and called for some parts of the country to secede was released on monday after being briefly detained on suspicion of inciting violence. kenya s public prosecutor said on twitter that david ndii had been released on police bond and that  appropriate actions  would be taken after investigations are completed.  police had earlier said ndii
"sarajevo (reuters) - bosnia must start making concrete reforms if it wants to join the european union
"belfast (reuters) - the head of the northern irish party which props up the british government spoke to prime minister theresa may on monday shortly after telling supporters she would not allow a brexit deal that creates  regulatory divergence  between the region and britain. democratic unionist party leader arlene foster spoke to may by phone shortly after her statement in belfast
"dakar (reuters) - congolese security officials recruited more than 200 exiled rebel fighters to help suppress protests against president joseph kabila a year ago
 macron unlikely to dwell on past during visit"
"geneva (reuters) - the syrian government s decision to quit peace talks last week was an embarrassment to its main supporter russia
"ajaccio
"moscow (reuters) - russia s justice ministry will start registering some foreign media as  foreign agents  this week
"dublin (reuters) - a statement by irish prime minister leo varadkar on the progress of brexit talks between britain and the european union has been delayed
"budapest (reuters) - hungary remains firmly opposed to illegal immigration and the european union should focus efforts on protecting its external borders
"dubai (reuters) - yemen s steely former president of 33 years
"caracas (reuters) - venezuelan president nicolas maduro looked to the world of digital currency to circumvent u.s.-led financial sanctions
 dup leader foster says"
"edinburgh (reuters) - an agreement to keep northern ireland in  regulatory alignment  with the european union after brexit could be replicated in other parts of the uk
"ankara (reuters) - a formal u.s. recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel would cause catastrophe and lead to new conflict in the middle east
"moscow (reuters) - russian prosecutors on monday sought a sentence of 10 years in jail for ex-economy minister alexei ulyukayev
 gun attack on his car
 party denies"
 germany want iran to reverse ballistic missile program"
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduran president juan orlando hernandez held a lead over his main opposition rival after a partial recount of a disputed nov. 26 presidential vote that has sparked a political crisis
"dublin (reuters) - british and european union brexit negotiators have reached agreement on a deal for all irish issues
"brussels (reuters) - the chairman of european union leaders said on monday he was encouraged by the progress of talks on avoiding a physical border between ireland and northern ireland after britain leaves the eu
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations called on monday for a humanitarian pause in the yemeni capital of sanaa on tuesday to allow civilians to leave their homes
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s new president emmerson mnangagwa swore in his cabinet on monday
"berlin/munich (reuters) - the leader of germany s social democrats (spd) said on monday he would launch talks with chancellor angela merkel s conservatives on forming a government next week if members of his center-left party gave him the green light at a congress this weekend. the remarks by martin schulz raised hopes that the two parties that suffered losses to the far right in an election in september could renew an alliance that has ruled germany since 2013 and end the political deadlock in europe s largest economy. merkel turned to the spd after failing to form a three-way alliance with the left-leaning greens and the pro-business free democrats
"brussels (reuters) - a belgian judge will decide on the exercising of a european arrest warrant for ousted catalan leader carles puigdemont on dec. 14
 yemen casualties growing: icrc"
"amman (reuters) - a state security court in jordan on monday sentenced one syrian militant to death and handed life sentences to three others for their role in a suicide bombing attack on a jordanian military border post that killed seven guards last year. military judge colonel mohammad al-afif said the men
"london (reuters) - britain and the european union have agreed a deal that ensures there will be no hard border between ireland and northern ireland after brexit
"nmadrid (reuters) - catalonia s pro-independence parties were seen losing their parliamentary majority in the regional election on dec. 21
 transport contracts:  presidential source"
 pm says"
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabia has invited u.s. firms to take part in developing its civilian nuclear power program
"london (reuters) - britain s brexit minister david davis said on monday it was vital that european union negotiators agree to move the talks on to discuss trade
"sanaa (reuters) - fighters from yemen s armed houthi movement blew up house the house of ex-president ali abdullah saleh in the center of the capital sanaa on monday
 swiss pin anti-extremism hopes on prevention"
"brussels (reuters) - european council president donald tusk canceled a trip to israel and the palestinian territories planned for this week due to a  critical moment  in brexit negotiations
"moscow (reuters) - russia s communications watchdog roskomnadzor said on monday it would respond in kind to any violations of the rights of russian companies and media abroad
"dublin (reuters) - ireland has made  significant progress  in talks with britain on the future of the northern irish border
"dublin (reuters) - no agreement has yet been reached between britain and ireland on the future of the northern irish border
"munich (reuters) - lawmakers of germany s christian social union (csu)
 russian jets bomb residential areas in eastern ghouta: witnesses
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesian president joko widodo has nominated the chief of staff of the air force to be the new head of the armed forces (tni)
 u.s. kick off large-scale air exercise amid north korean warnings"
"melbourne (reuters) - an australian conservative politician on monday proposed to his long-term partner on the floor of parliament
"beirut (reuters) - france should know that iran s missile program is not an issue that can be negotiated
"beijing (reuters) - chinese foreign minister wang yi said on monday that after two months of relative calm on the korean peninsula
"sydney (reuters) - embattled australian prime minister malcolm turnbull received an unexpected boost from an opinion poll on monday that showed voters want their leaders to govern for their full terms rather than the revolving door that has marked australian politics. three sitting australian prime ministers have been ousted by their own parties since 2010
 no tsunami warning"
 former egypt premier says still mulling election bid"
"paris (reuters) - corsican nationalists won almost half of the vote in the first round of the french mediterranean island s territorial election on sunday
"cairo (reuters) - former egyptian premier ahmed shafik said on sunday he was still considering his presidential bid and exploring the idea further now that he is in egypt
"aden (reuters) - a saudi-led coalition launched air strikes on yemen s capital
 ground assaults in yemen"
 no reason given"
"united nations (reuters) - the united states has quit negotiations on a voluntary pact to deal with migration because the global approach to the issue was  simply not compatible with u.s. sovereignty
"cairo (reuters) - former egyptian prime minister ahmed shafik s lawyer said on sunday she had met with him at a hotel in cairo
"berlin (reuters) - german authorities investigating the delivery of a package containing powerful firecrackers
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations is trying to evacuate at least 140 aid workers from the yemeni capital amid fighting that has cut off the airport road
"buenos aires (reuters) - dozens of relatives of the 44 crew members of an argentine submarine that went missing on november 15 marched from a naval base on sunday
"amman (reuters) - jordan has begun consultations on convening an emergency meeting of the arab league and the organisation of islamic cooperation before an expected move this week by u.s. president donald trump to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said on sunday that a draft bill that sets limits on police investigators should be revised so it does not apply to criminal probes in which he is a suspect. the proposed legislation
 poll finds"
"brussels/berlin (reuters) - on the eve of his trip to europe
"abuja (reuters) - nigeria s atiku abubakar
"doha (reuters) - qatari emir sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani is expected to attend the annual summit of gulf arab heads of state in kuwait on dec. 5 and 6
"washington (reuters) - republican u.s. senator lindsey graham on sunday urged the pentagon to start moving u.s. military dependents
"aboard the papal plane (reuters) - pope francis on saturday defended his strategy of avoiding the term  rohingya  in myanmar
 eight killed"
 fuel: who"
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa and morocco will resume diplomatic ties more than a decade after morocco withdrew its ambassador from pretoria
 juncker to meet meps"
"ankara (reuters) - turkish president erdogan said on sunday that turkey would not succumb to  blackmail  by the united states in the trial of a turkish bank executive being charged with evading u.s. sanctions on iran. already strained ties between nato allies ankara and washington have deteriorated as turkish-iranian gold trader reza zarrab
"beirut (reuters) - the syrian kurdish ypg militia said on sunday it had fully captured deir al-zor s eastern countryside from islamic state with the help of both the u.s.-led coalition and russia.  the ypg spearheads the syrian democratic forces (sdf)
"ankara (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan said on sunday businessmen who attempted to move assets abroad were  traitors 
 uk can agree wording on border by monday"
 injures others"
 france says"
"brussels (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may meets european commission president jean-claude juncker for lunch in brussels on monday for what could be a breakthrough in brexit talks. here is a timeline of the following 10 days that will determine whether britain avoids further costly delays in giving business assurances of a smooth exit from the european union and of free trade with its biggest market in the future: may wants the eu to open the second phase of brexit negotiations concerning relations after britain s withdrawal on march 30
"beijing (reuters) - chinese police have detained 11 people in connection with a deadly skyscraper fire in the northern port city of tianjin
"bama
"dubai (reuters) - the united arab emirates on sunday denied a report that yemen s houthi group had fired a missile toward a nuclear plant in the uae
"dubai (reuters) - yemen s houthi group has fired a cruise missile toward a nuclear power plant in abu dhabi in the united arab emirates
"london (reuters) - all four members of the british government s social mobility commission have quit accusing prime minister theresa may of being too fixated on brexit to improve the prospects of those from poor backgrounds.    may has said she would create an economy which works for all britons
"kabul (reuters) - the commander of the taliban s  special forces  branch
"paris (reuters) - malian soldiers killed by a french military strike in northern mali in october were hostages of islamist militants
"simi valley
"melbourne (reuters) - australia s embattled conservative prime minister malcolm turnbull has shaken off speculation about the security of his leadership
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduran security forces fanned out on saturday to enforce a curfew as sporadic demonstrations continued over a contested presidential election that triggered violent protests that have killed at least three people.  hundreds have been arrested after the tally from last sunday s presidential race stalled without a clear winner. opposition leaders accused the government of trying to steal the election tv star salvador nasralla on saturday accused his rival
 casualties undermine u.s. gains on afghan battlefield"
 corruption"
 new meeting planned dec. 15"
"melbourne (reuters) - australia s former deputy prime minister barnaby joyce will return to parliament after he won an essential by-election for his seat
"aboard the papal plane (reuters) - pope francis on saturday urged world leaders to turn back from the brink of possible human annihilation
"cairo (reuters) - any move by the united states to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital would fuel extremism and violence
"hanover
"paris/baghdad (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron on saturday called on iraq to dismantle all militias
"bucharest (reuters) - romanian protesters clashed with riot police on saturday when they stopped construction workers from building a christmas fair at the site of anti-corruption demonstrations in bucharest. victory square saw big street protests at the beginning of the year following attempts by the ruling social democrats to decriminalize some corruption offences and has been a gathering place for largely peaceful protests since.  further demonstrations have been announced on social media  as parliament gears up to approve a judicial overhaul that has been criticized by thousands of magistrates
"brasilia (reuters) - former brazilian senator and environmental minister marina silva said on saturday that she would seek her party s nomination to run for president next year.  silva announced her plans at a meeting of her sustainability network party
"paracas
 say airport sources"
"rome (reuters) - when italy organized a conference focused on the middle east
"aden (reuters) - former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh said on saturday he was ready for a  new page  in relations with the saudi-led coalition fighting in yemen if it stopped attacks on his country. the call came as his supporters battled houthi fighters for a fourth day in the capital sanaa while both sides traded blame for a widening rift between allies that could affect the course of the civil war. together they have fought the saudi-led coalition which intervened in yemen in 2015 aiming to restore the internationally recognized government of president abd-rabbu mansour hadi after the houthis forced him into exile. the clashes between saleh s supporters and the houthis underscore the complex situation in yemen
 family still in uae"
"aboard a u.s. military aircraft (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on friday that as offensive operations against islamic state in syria entered their final stages
 nuclear program in december"
"ankara (reuters) - courts in the united states cannot put turkey on trial
"bauchi
"dar es salaam (reuters) - police in tanzania have arrested a woman after a video clip showing her kissing and embracing another woman at a party was widely shared online
"sydney (reuters) - australia s former deputy prime minister barnaby joyce cleared the way for his return to parliament on saturday
"(reuters) - zimbabwe s new president emmerson mnangagwa dropped his education minister
"dhaka (reuters) - pope francis ended a diplomatically tricky trip to asia on saturday
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodian prime minister hun sen has pulled back from a threat to close a human rights group founded by the detained opposition leader kem sokha
"dubai (reuters) - former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh on saturday called on the saudi-led coalition to pave the way for an end to nearly three years of war by ceasing attacks and lifting a siege. saleh
"dubai (reuters) - the saudi-led coalition fighting in yemen said on saturday it was confident that leaders of former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh s general people s congress party (gpc) would return to the arab fold. the comments
"denpasar
 many missing"
"beirut (reuters) - israeli missiles struck a military position near damascus and syria s air defence system responded on saturday
"beirut (reuters) - israeli missiles struck a military position near damascus overnight and syria s air defense system thwarted them
"washington (reuters) - backers of a u.s.-russian plan to build nuclear reactors across the middle east bragged after the u.s. election they had backing from donald trump s national security adviser michael flynn for a project that required lifting sanctions on russia
"toronto (reuters) - a canadian judge on friday suspended part of a quebec law banning people from wearing full-face veils when giving or receiving public services
 scores arrested in unrest over delayed honduran vote count"
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela has arrested diego salazar
 a desperate video: inside venezuela's oil industry purge"
 all options open: germany's spd"
"pristina (reuters) - kosovo s prime minister ramush haradinaj was removed from an international arrest warrant issued by serbia
 breakthrough unlikely"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is likely to announce next week that the united states recognizes jerusalem as israel s capital
"amsterdam (reuters) - bosnian croat war crimes convict slobodan praljak used cyanide to kill himself in court after losing his appeal
 freed"
"potsdam
 dutch prosecutors say"
 mourn in sinai mosque amid high security"
"berlin (reuters) - the german government is considering legal changes that would oblige operators of car and house alarm systems to help law enforcement in their efforts to spy on potential terrorists or criminals
"rome (reuters) - saudi arabia s foreign minister said on friday that lebanon had been  hijacked  by hezbollah and could only flourish if the iranian-backed group disarmed.  the shi ite muslim militia was set up by the powerful iranian revolutionary guards (irgc) in the 1980s and has grown steadily in influence
"dublin (reuters) - a breakthrough on the future of the irish border once britain leaves the european union is  doable  before a key eu summit in two weeks time but the negotiating teams are  not there yet 
"dublin (reuters) - the key to british hopes of moving on to talks on trade ties with the european union after it quits the bloc lies in dublin
"new york (reuters) - argentina will not increase defense spending
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduras will publish the final result for last sunday s presidential election at 9 p.m. (0300 gmt) on friday
 but needs to prove critical technology"
"rome (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on friday that a u.s. threat to destroy north korea in the event of a war was  a bloodthirsty tirade  and military action against pyongyang would be a big mistake.  speaking on a visit to italy
"washington/moscow (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump dismissed a chinese diplomatic effort to rein in north korea s weapons program as a failure on thursday
 says russian delegation to pyongyang: ria"
"buenos aires (reuters) - forensic scientists have identified the remains of 88 argentine soldiers buried in anonymous graves on the falkland islands after the country s 1982 conflict with britain
"washington (reuters) - the united states remains committed to the libyan political agreement
 says may not return"
 economy"
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey is to seize the assets of a turkish-iranian gold trader who is a key witness in the trial of a turkish bank executive in the united states over violations of iran sanctions
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations appealed on friday to the saudi-led military coalition to fully lift its blockade of yemen
"madrid (reuters) - a judge will give his ruling on monday on whether eight pro-independence catalan politicians charged with sedition should be released from custody so they can contest a regional election set for dec. 21
"yola
"dublin (reuters) - irish prime minister leo varadkar said on friday that the british government must produce credible
"athens (reuters) - tayyip erdogan will travel to greece on dec. 7-8
 syrian government envoy blames saudis"
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe president emmerson mnangagwa appointed senior military officials to top posts in his first cabinet on friday in what was widely seen as a reward for the army s role in the removal of his predecessor
 says ""rohingya"" for first time"
"nottingham
 farmers demand invisible irish border"
"brussels (reuters) - the next two weeks will determine whether britain avoids further costly delays in giving business assurances of a smooth exit from the european union and free trade in the future. following is a timeline of critical meetings and explanation of the key decisions that need to be taken. british prime minister theresa may wants the eu to open the second phase of brexit negotiations
"amsterdam (reuters) - two men suspected of having fought for an al qaeda-linked group in syria were among four syrian migrants arrested in the netherlands
"riyadh/dubai (reuters) - u.s. firms attracted by saudi arabia s plans to build nuclear reactors are pushing washington to restart talks with riyadh on an agreement to help the kingdom develop atomic energy
"moscow (reuters) - six russian long-range bombers hit islamic state targets in syria s deir al-zor province
"rome (reuters) - egyptian billionaire businessman naguib sawiris condemned on friday a crackdown on graft in saudi arabia
"rabat (reuters) - at least 3 migrants
"peshawar
"ankara (reuters) - turkish authorities have issued an arrest warrant for a former officer of the u.s. central intelligence agency (cia) over suspected links to last year s failed coup
"moscow (reuters) - russian lawmakers are to discuss a proposal to bar representatives of u.s. media organizations from accessing the lower house of parliament
"moscow (reuters) - u.s. ambassador to russia jon huntsman has been forced to cancel a planned trip to russia s far east next week because senior regional officials could not find time to meet him
 press on with autonomy plans"
"harare (reuters) - a zimbabwean court has postponed former finance minister ignatius chombo s bail hearing to next tuesday
 refugees benefit"
"ankara (reuters) - allegations of wrongdoing by turkey s political and financial leaders have transfixed the country this week
"beirut (reuters) - syrian insurgents brought down an army helicopter in southwest syria on friday
"washington (reuters) - germany is withdrawing a third diplomat from its embassy in north korea over increasing concerns about pyongyang s missile program
 destroys homes; no fatalities reported"
 u.s. financier soros clash as elections loom"
"dhaka (reuters) - a 27-year-old rohingya muslim woman refugee from myanmar will meet pope francis on friday in the hope he can help her find justice for the abuse she says she suffered at the hands of myanmar soldiers
"jawzjan
"beijing (reuters) - china will not export its political system
 police chief slowing graft probes"
"london (reuters) - britain s opposition labour leader jeremy corbyn warned morgan stanley that bankers are right to regard him as a threat because he wants to transform what he cast as a rigged economy that profits speculators at the expense of ordinary people. morgan stanley cautioned investors on nov. 26 that political uncertainty in britain was a bigger threat than brexit given the risk of corbyn winning power and then dismantling what was once seen as one of the world s most stable free-market economies.  bankers like morgan stanley should not run our country but they think they do
"vienna (reuters) - austria s new conservative-far right ruling coalition is likely to be sworn in on dec. 20
 police: president"
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi s strongest potential challenger in the country s 2018 election plans to return from exile in the coming weeks
 but she is free to stay"
 germany to develop missile based on nsm technology"
kiev (reuters) - ukrainian president petro poroshenko said at a meeting with businesses on friday that it will become harder to muster votes in parliament for reformist legislation as elections approach. ukraine is due to go to the polls by 2019 at the latest. delays in implementing reforms to modernize the economy and tackle corruption have delayed billions of dollars of aid from the international monetary fund and other foreign backers.  
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations appealed on friday to the saudi-led military coalition to fully lift its blockade of yemen
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on friday it fully understood why the russian lower house of parliament planned to discuss banning representatives of u.s. media organizations in retaliation for what it says is u.s. mistreatment of russian media. russian lawmakers are to discuss a proposal to bar u.s. media from accessing the state duma
"denpasar
"manila (reuters) - a philippine college fraternity used its annual naked run on friday to protest against president rodrigo duterte s brutal war on drugs and the imposition of martial law in the south in the army s fight against islamist militants. the masked and hooded young men sprinted in the nude through their college
"tbilisi (reuters) - a former islamic state fighter suspected of masterminding a deadly attack on istanbul airport in 2016 was killed during a special operation in ex-soviet georgia last week
"seoul (reuters) - the north korean soldier critically wounded when making a dash to the south last month may have cheated death
"buenos aires (reuters) - argentina has given up on rescuing 44 crew members on a submarine that disappeared 15 days ago
 malaysian court told"
 2019"
"madrid (reuters) - eight former catalan cabinet members currently in custody awaiting trial will appear before the supreme court on friday
"dhaka (reuters) - pope francis celebrated a huge outdoor mass on friday to ordain new priests from bangladesh on his first full day in the country where he is due to meet muslim rohingya refugees from myanmar later in the day. more than 100
"(reuters) - a turkish-iranian gold trader on thursday told jurors in a new york federal court that turkish president recep tayyip erdogan authorized a transaction in a scheme to help iran evade u.s. sanctions. reza zarrab is cooperating with u.s. prosecutors in the criminal trial of a turkish bank executive accused of helping to launder money for iran. at the time of the alleged conspiracy
"london (reuters) - ireland wants re-assurance from britain there will be no regulatory divergence between it and northern ireland after brexit
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is considering recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital
 murder: nhk"
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey s vakifbank said on friday it had never had any interest or involvement whatsoever in any of the processes mentioned in the u.s. trial of a turkish bank executive accused of helping to launder money for iran.  vakifbank has always acted in compliance with laws and related legislations and shown utmost care and diligence to act in accordance with the laws and the related legislations
 police clash in growing election crisis"
"beijing (reuters) - a skyscraper fire in the northern chinese port city of tianjin killed 10 and injured five early on friday
"mexico city (reuters) - the european union on thursday condemned the killing of a female mexican prosecutor who specialized in violence against women
"hanoi (reuters) - a vietnamese court on thursday upheld a 10-year jail sentence for a prominent blogger convicted of publishing propaganda against the state
 reconcile with asia"
 spurs protests"
"washington/seoul (reuters) - images released by north korea on thursday appeared to show it has succeeded in developing a missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon anywhere in the united states and it could be only two or three tests away from being declared combat ready
773 cases of smuggling from january-october: paper"
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduran president juan orlando hernandez extended the lead over his rival to just over one percentage point in a seesawing
"london (reuters) - britain s intention to avoid a hard border between ireland and northern ireland after brexit is inconsistent with its plan to withdraw from the european union s single market and customs union
"buenos aires (reuters) - argentina revoked the credentials of some activists who had been accredited by the world trade organization (wto) to attend its ministerial meeting taking place in buenos aires next month
"washington (reuters) - libyan prime minister fayez al-sarraj said on thursday that he was hopeful that a u.n.-imposed arms embargo would be partially lifted against some branches of the country s military. the libyan government is allowed to import weapons and related materiel with the approval of a u.n. security council committee overseeing the embargo imposed in 2011.  ...we hope that this embargo will be partially ended at least against some of the military branches such as the presidential guard and the coast guard
"united nations (reuters) - remnants of four ballistic missiles fired into saudi arabia by yemen s houthi rebels this year appear to have been designed and manufactured by riyadh s regional rival iran
"berlin (reuters) - germany s social democrat (spd) foreign minister said on thursday that his party would not be quick to agree to another grand coalition with chancellor angela merkel s conservatives
"santiago (reuters) - a coalition of chilean leftist parties on thursday challenged presidential contender alejandro guillier to clarify his social and economic policies
 palestinian killed in two violent incidents"
"washington (reuters) - the government of niger has approved the use of armed american drones
 three killed"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. defense secretary jim mattis said on thursday that he still had confidence in diplomatic efforts on north korea and the united states would be  unrelenting  in working through the united nations.  i am not willing to say that diplomacy has not worked. we will continue to work diplomatically
 british minister pledges"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department urged venezuela on thursday to immediately release josh holt
"washington (reuters) - the son of a russian lawmaker was sentenced to 14 years in prison on thursday for his role in a cyber crime ring that stole and sold people s credit card numbers
"caracas (reuters) - venezuelan authorities on thursday arrested two once-powerful officials who had run the oil ministry and state energy company pdvsa as part of a deepening industry purge also seen as a power play by leftist president nicolas maduro. in the highest-profile arrests to date
 not yet into one room"
 presidency not yet on table"
 second in a month"
 detained venezuela oil minister says is 'victim'"
"siena
"paris (reuters) - france has stopped a large shipment of belarus mushrooms contaminated with low-level radioactivity probably from chernobyl and not linked to a radioactive cloud that appeared in southern russia last month
 luxembourg
 downloads of flight recordings"
"brussels (reuters) - the european union has agreed a financial settlement with britain
"ankara (reuters) - turkish lender ziraat bank denied allegations made on thursday by a turkish-iranian gold trader in a new york court who said ziraat sought to take part in an iranian money laundering scheme
 avoids 'rohingya'"
 u.n.
"caracas (reuters) - even by the volatile and violent standards of recent times in venezuela
"rome (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump s policies in the gulf are dangerous and misguided
"mogadishu (reuters) - more than 500 people were killed in twin bomb blasts in mogadishu in october
"amman (reuters) - jordan will not allow israel to reopen its embassy in amman until it has launched legal proceedings against an israeli security guard who shot dead two jordanian citizens in july
 south korea's moon discuss next steps on north korea: white house"
"rome (reuters) - a video appearing to show men auctioned as slaves in tripoli has put a long history of abuses against refugees and migrants there on the international agenda
 hunger
"mexico city (reuters) - the newly unveiled presidential contender of mexico s ruling party
"dublin/brussels (reuters) - ireland needs britain to provide  significantly more clarity  on its plans for the irish border
 swede jailed for rape of children online"
 eu cuts funds for turkey's membership bid"
"madrid (reuters) - a spanish court has ordered the imprisonment of a former el salvadoran army colonel for participating in the murder of five spanish jesuits in 1989 during the central american country s civil war
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron has a reputation for disarming hostile audiences with repartee and humor
"london (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump sparked outrage in britain on thursday with a sharp rebuke of prime minister theresa may on twitter after she criticized him for retweeting british far-right anti-islam videos.   as british politicians lined up to condemn trump for sharing videos originally posted by a leader of a british far-right fringe group
"geneva (reuters) - in a thinly veiled reference to u.s. president donald trump
"jerusalem/gaza (reuters) - israeli tanks and aircraft struck militant positions in the gaza strip on thursday soon after palestinian militants fired mortar shells at an israeli military post close to the territory
"washington (reuters) - more than 400 u.s. marines and their artillery are leaving syria after helping to capture the city of raqqa from islamic state
"piraeus (reuters) - greek authorities on thursday moved a few hundred asylum-seekers from the island of lesbos to the mainland in an effort to ease overcrowding in its camps. thousands of asylum-seekers have become stranded on lesbos and four other islands close to turkey since the european union agreed a deal with ankara in march 2016 to shut down the route through greece.  i came to heaven from hell
"ankara (reuters) - turkish prosecutors said on thursday they were investigating allegations that president tayyip erdogan s family moved millions of dollars abroad to avoid taxes
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations called on world powers on thursday to help arrange the medical evacuation of 500 people
"ankara (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel told turkish president tayyip erdogan on thursday that she would work to speed up the transfer of financial assistance promised by the european union to turkey as part of a migrant deal
"accra (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron fears islamist militants have scored military and symbolic victories in west africa while a regional military force has struggled to get off the ground
 martinez detained"
 but still some things to prove: south korea president"
"vienna (reuters) - austrian finance minister hans joerg schelling said on thursday he would not serve in the next coalition government being put together by the leader of his conservative party
"dhaka (reuters) - bangladesh could start relocating rohingya muslim refugees to a flood-prone island off its coast in the middle of next year
"amman (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said on thursday that u.s. president donald trump was wrong to retweet a video from a far-right british group which she said was  hateful  and spreads division. trump sparked outrage in britain with a sharp rebuke of may on twitter after she criticized him for retweeting anti-islam videos from the deputy leader of britain first.  the fact that we work together does not mean that we re afraid to say when we think the united states has got it wrong
"oslo (reuters) - the nobel peace prize winner s campaign to ban nuclear weapons will not make the world more peaceful
 international sanctions"
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin on thursday called a u.s. decision to withdraw the congressional press credentials of russia s rt broadcaster because of its status as  a foreign agent  in the united states an unfriendly step. kremlin-backed rt on wednesday night published a letter from the executive committee of the congressional radio and television correspondents gallery saying the channel s congressional press credentials had been withdrawn due to its registration as a foreign agent in the united states. that means rt s reporters will not be able to have as much access to congress as other foreign media.  it is a very unfriendly step. we are deeply disappointed
"helsinki (reuters) - a finnish court banned neo-nazi group the nordic resistance movement (pvl) on thursday
"rome/ankara (reuters) - china is financing billions of dollars worth of chinese-led projects in iran
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on thursday welcomed chinese efforts toward north korea amid tensions over pyongyang s nuclear weapons program
"dhaka (reuters) - pope francis on thursday called for  decisive measures  to resolve the political crisis causing mostly muslim refugees from neighboring myanmar to flee to bangladesh. but
 sanctions risk makes putin awkward to know"
"seoul/united nations (reuters) - the united states warned north korea s leadership it would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out after pyongyang test fired its most advanced missile
"amman (reuters) - prime minister theresa may on thursday underlined britain s support for the nuclear deal concluded with iran which came into force in october 2015.  we must stand firm in our support for the ....deal
"london (reuters) - britain s ambassador to the united states discussed a row over retweets sent by president donald trump with senior white house officials on wednesday
 alarming foes"
"moscow (reuters) - russian prime minister dmitry medvedev said on thursday that u.s.-russia ties were the worst he could recall
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey s denizbank said on thursday it did not have any dealings with the shipping group owned by gold trader reza zarrab
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish state lender halkbank on thursday denied allegations that it was involved in illegal transactions designed to help iran avoid u.s. sanctions
"washington (reuters) - china s envoy to north korea appears to have had little impact in addressing tensions with north korea
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on thursday that the main question now is finding a solution to the north korea crisis rather then cutting all ties with pyongyang. u.s. ambassador to the united nations nikki haley on wednesday called for other countries to sever all ties with pyongyang
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on thursday it was confident the united states was using sanctions in an attempt to turn russia s business elite against president vladimir putin.   we are sure that s what it is
"dakar/libore
"johannesburg (reuters) - lawyers for jacob zuma have until midnight to file papers outlining why nearly 800 corruption charges shelved before he became south african president eight years ago but recently reinstated by the courts should not be brought against him. the revival of the charges could increase pressure on zuma to step down before his term ends in 2019 and diminish his influence over who succeeds him when the ruling african national congress (anc) chooses a new leader in december.     the 75-year-old president has faced and denied numerous other corruption allegations since taking office in 2009.  the 783 charges
"london (reuters) - net migration to britain fell by the largest amount on record in the 12 months after the brexit vote
 'did the right thing'
"the hague (reuters) - a u.n. tribunal that was stunned by the courtroom suicide of a bosnian croat war criminal said on thursday it was working with dutch investigators to piece together how he smuggled a fatal dose of poison into the high-security building. slobodan praljak
"washington/london (reuters) - president donald trump on wednesday shared anti-muslim videos posted on twitter by a far-right british party leader
 spokesman says in response to trump"
"moscow (reuters) - russia accused the united states on thursday of trying to provoke north korean leader kim jong un into  flying off the handle  over his missile program to hand washington a pretext to destroy his country. in some of his most robust comments on the subject to date
"tartu
"moscow (reuters) - russian security council secretary nikolai patrushev said on thursday moscow was already preparing to withdraw its military contingent from syria
"copenhagen (reuters) - denmark passed a law on thursday that could allow it to ban russia s nord stream 2 gas pipeline from going through its waters on grounds of security or foreign policy. the measure amends denmark s regulatory framework to allow the authorities to cite security or foreign policy as reasons to block a pipeline. previously these were not valid grounds for objection. denmark has been caught in a geopolitical conflict as russia s gazprom and its european partners have sought to build nord stream 2
" (this november 28 story corrects to add attribution to information in paragraphs 13 and 14) by margarita antidze tbilisi (reuters) - a former islamic state warlord suspected of masterminding a deadly attack on istanbul airport in 2016 is believed to have been killed during a special operation in ex-soviet georgia last week
"seoul (reuters) - on an icy december day in 2011
"pyongyang - north koreans stage a demonstration of devotion to their leader kim jong un at least once a year
"london (reuters) - british interior minister amber rudd said on thursday she hoped britain s condemnation of u.s. president donald trump for retweeting material from a british far-right group would have an impact.   i think we all listen more carefully
 syria: report"
"moscow (reuters) - russia s ruling united russia party will support president vladimir putin if he decides to run for a new term in office
"moscow (reuters) - russian prime minister dmitry medvedev said on thursday allegations that russian athletes used doping during the 2014 sochi olympics were  political manipulations  in a new anti-russian campaign.   that (sochi olympics) was a brilliant victory and no foreign forces can make us believe the opposite ... this angle has become a cornerstone of the political campaign against russia
 armored vehicle sale to qatar"
"moscow (reuters) - russia s government published a draft agreement between russia and egypt on thursday allowing both countries to use each other s air space and air bases for their military planes. the draft deal was set out in a decree
"jerusalem (reuters) - as dark falls
 21 hurt"
"dublin/brussels (reuters) - ireland needs britain to provide  significantly more clarity  on its plans for the irish border
 to meet rohingya group on friday"
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodia has canceled the diplomatic passports of some opposition members weeks after a supreme court ruling dissolved their political party
"tokyo (reuters) - japan s coast guard on thursday boarded a north korean fishing boat near a japanese island where the crew said they had taken shelter from rough seas
"bangkok (reuters) - an election could be a year away in army-ruled thailand
"karangasem
"nairobi (reuters) - the u.s. military did not kill any civilians when it accompanied somali forces on a deadly raid in august
"yangon (reuters) - myanmar must guarantee  equal rights  for everyone in troubled rakhine state as talks on repatriation of more than 620
 killing four"
"yangon (reuters) - pope francis flew to bangladesh on thursday after a visit to myanmar where he made no direct reference to the plight of muslim rohingya people to avoid a diplomatic incident with a buddhist-majority country some have accused of ethnic cleansing. there will be no such balancing act for the pope in bangladesh s capital
"(reuters) - a new york comedian has been compelled to appear before a house intelligence committee investigating suspected russian meddling in the 2016 u.s. election where he will likely face questions about acting as a go-between for wikileaks and an ally of president donald trump.  randy credico
"tokyo (reuters) - emperor akihito will hand over all public duties to his heir  after retiring in what will be japan s first abdication in nearly two centuries
"moscow (reuters) - the actions of u.s. president donald trump s team are similar to the policies of his predecessor barack obama
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduras faced a growing election crisis on wednesday
"beijing (reuters) - china on thursday pledged stiffer oversight of preschool teachers
"ankara (reuters) - the european union does not share turkey s view that the network of u.s.-based muslim cleric fethullah gulen is a terrorist organization and would need to see  substantive  evidence to change its stance
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - salvador nasralla
"united nations (reuters) - the united states has asked china to cut off oil supply to north korea
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump fired back at british prime minister theresa may over her criticism of his retweeting of anti-muslim videos
"buenos aires (reuters) - argentina sentenced 29 people
"denpasar
 south korea not to hold military drills in december"
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduran president juan orlando hernandez on wednesday edged ahead of his tv star rival in a contentious vote count that has dragged on for three days. with 81.77 percent of the ballot boxes counted
"copenhagen (reuters) - iceland s opposition leader katrin jakobsdottir will become the country s new prime minister
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron said on wednesday he would draw up a list of extremist organizations to convey to saudi arabia after its crown prince pledged to cut their funding. saudi arabia finances groups overseen by the mecca-based muslim world league
"united nations (reuters) - united nations political affairs chief jeffrey feltman met with north korea s ambassador ja song nam on wednesday to tell him pyongyang must  desist from taking any further destabilizing steps  after the country launched another ballistic missile.  during the meeting
"gaza (reuters) - rival palestinian factions fatah and hamas agreed on wednesday to delay final transfer of power of the gaza strip from hamas to the western-backed palestinian government by 10 days to dec. 10 to allow time to  complete arrangements 
"ottawa (reuters) - an international meeting in canada on north korea in january is designed to produce  better ideas  to ease tensions over pyongyang s nuclear and ballistic missile tests
"tunis (reuters) - the bodies of 36 men found near the eastern libyan town of al-abyar in october appear to have been summarily executed by armed groups loyal to khalifa haftar s libyan national army (lna)
"cairo (reuters) - former egyptian prime minister ahmed shafiq
"rome (reuters) - lebanese prime minister saad al-hariri indicated on wednesday that he might withdraw his resignation next week
 britain
"washington (reuters) - the united states urged election authorities to review the results of sunday s vote in honduras without undue delay
"berlin (reuters) - a franco-german program to develop a european fighter jet will likely be widened to include other countries to lower costs
 eu must cooperate to end 'horrifying' migrant abuses"
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s prime minister saad al-hariri said on wednesday that matters were  positive  and if that continued
"the hague (reuters) - a former bosnian croat military commander swallowed what he said was poison in a u.n. war crimes courtroom on wednesday and died shortly after losing an appeal against his 20-year prison term. slobodan praljak s apparent courtroom suicide
"dubai (reuters) - four supporters of yemen s former president ali abdullah saleh were killed in clashes with their supposed allies from the houthi movement in the center of the capital sanaa on wednesday
"geneva (reuters) - the u.n. refugee agency on wednesday welcomed a decision by libya to open a transit center for unaccompanied children and other vulnerable refugees from among hundreds of thousands of migrants
"ankara (reuters) - president tayyip erdogan dismissed as lies accusations by turkey s main opposition party that his family has moved millions of dollars into foreign bank accounts to avoid taxes. the republican people s party (chp) filed a parliamentary motion requesting an investigation into its allegations
"dubai (reuters) - former egyptian prime minister ahmed shafiq
 russia to support north korea sanctions"
 finland if attacked: nato official"
 conservatives argue over repatriation of syrian refugees"
"berlin (reuters) - a german court on wednesday ordered the release of an army officer suspected of planning to carry out an attack on politicians and incriminate asylum seekers
"lagos (reuters) - nigeria s president said on wednesday the government had started bringing stranded citizens home from libya after a global outcry over reports that migrants there were being sold into slavery. muhammadu buhari s comments came days after cnn aired footage that appeared to show men being auctioned as farm hands in libya after being smuggled across the sahara. libya s u.n.-backed government has said it is investigating.     the situation in libya
"geneva (reuters) - syria s opposition wants russia and other states to put pressure on president bashar al-assad to engage in peace talks in geneva to produce a political solution within six months
"caracas/houston (reuters) - venezuela has ordered the removal of rafael ramirez
"sofia (reuters) - iran denied access to its airspace to a bulgarian government jet taking a delegation led by prime minister boyko borissov to tehran s regional arch-enemy saudi arabia
"beirut (reuters) - dozens of mortar bombs landed on the last major rebel stronghold near the syrian capital damascus on wednesday
 allow legal migration for africans"
"london (reuters) - the british foreign office said it had summoned the north korean ambassador to condemn wednesday s ballistic missile test.  north korea said it had successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile in a  breakthrough  that put the u.s. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons.  i summoned the north korean ambassador to the foreign office to make clear to him our condemnation of this latest ballistic missile test
"madrid (reuters) - spanish rescue services pulled three drowned men from the strait of gibraltar after rescuing one man from a half-sunken
 eu lawmakers seek 'protection' on malta visit"
 germany's steinmeier discuss improving relations: turkish sources"
"new york (reuters) - venezuela s government has not officially notified the united nations of any changes to its representation at the organization
"yangon (reuters) - the vatican on wednesday defended pope francis s decision not to use the word  rohingya  in public during his visit to myanmar
"berlin (reuters) - the european union s chief brexit negotiator told german industry on wednesday that it was his responsibility to help european companies weather the exit of britain from the eu
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may faced a backlash on wednesday from prominent supporters of brexit after reports that she is ready to pay much of what the european union is demanding to settle the country s  divorce bill  to leave the bloc. the daily telegraph newspaper said the net bill would total 45 billion to 55 billion pounds ($53 billion to $65 billion). a government official cast doubt on those numbers and the european commission declined to comment
"helsinki (reuters) - joining nato would improve finland s security but is unlikely to happen any time soon because of a lack of wider support
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela s vice president said on wednesday that he hopes nicolas maduro will be re-elected as president in 2018
"moscow (reuters) - russia s ambassador to the united nations accused the u.s.-led coalition in syria on wednesday of trying to partition the country by setting up local governing bodies in areas seized from islamic state
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi on wednesday ordered his military command to use all force necessary to secure the sinai peninsula within the next three months following a militant attack on a mosque that killed more than 300 people. no group has claimed responsibility for friday s attack in which authorities say gunmen carrying an islamic state flag opened fire after setting off an explosive. it was the worst militant attack in egypt s modern history. egyptian forces have battled an islamic state affiliate for several years in north sinai
"islamabad (reuters) - gunmen on motorcycles opened fire on worshippers at the entrance of a shi ite muslim mosque in pakistan s capital islamabad on wednesday
"brussels (reuters) - the european parliament s main brexit coordinator expressed  great concern  on wednesday that talks on the role of the eu s top court to ensure eu citizens  rights in britain after brexit have stalled. in a letter to the eu s brexit negotiator michel barnier
"london (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump was wrong to have posted anti-islam videos on twitter that had originally been published by a leader of britain first
"brussels (reuters) - eu governments will study a new proposal aimed at overcoming the deep splits over sharing responsibility for asylum-seekers that has soured relations in the bloc since the migrant crisis of 2015
 abduct women
"north sinai
 opposition slams re-election ruling"
"zagreb (reuters) - croatian prime minister andrej plenkovic said on wednesday he regretted the death of slobodan praljak
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey s military said on wednesday that more than 80 militants were killed in an air strike on monday in northern iraq
"washington (reuters) - the united states plans to impose additional sanctions against north korea very soon
"umm al hawaya
"shanghai/beijing (reuters) - when ryb education inc became enmeshed in allegations of child abuse at one of its beijing kindergartens
"the hague (reuters) - appeals judges at the yugoslav war crimes tribunal upheld on wednesday the convictions of six bosnian croats found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity during the 1990s
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel plans to appoint a new ambassador to jordan in a bid to calm amman s anger over the current envoy s handling of a shooting by an embassy guard in july that has strained relations
"brussels (reuters) - the european union has given prime minister theresa may until monday to raise britain s offer of divorce terms if she wants eu leaders to open talks next month on a future free trade pact.  britain has moved  close  to the eu demands on money
"baghdad (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may met with her iraqi counterpart haider al-abadi in baghdad on wednesday
"singapore (reuters) - chinese president xi jinping told his u.s. counterpart donald trump that it is beijing s unswerving goal to maintain peace and stability in northeast asia and denuclearize the korean peninsula
 after talk with china's xi
 whose leader's posts trump re-tweeted?"
"riyadh (reuters) - senior saudi arabian prince miteb bin abdullah
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on wednesday called on chinese president xi jinping to exert beijing s pressure on north korea after pyongyang said it successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile
 diplomats say"
"athens (reuters) - nine turkish citizens were charged in greece with terrorism-related offences on wednesday
 making way for election winner babis"
"the hague (reuters) - dutch police have declared the courtroom where a bosnian croat war crimes defendant said he drank poison on wednesday during his appeals verdict a crime scene
"copenhagen (reuters) - divers searching waters near copenhagen found a second arm on wednesday that police said probably belonged to swedish journalist kim wall
"berlin (reuters) - a german court ruled on wednesday that a 96-year-old german known as the  bookkeeper of auschwitz  was fit to go to prison
"london (reuters) - british negotiators are still working out a deal with the european union
"harare (reuters) - a zimbabwean court found a pastor not guilty on wednesday of attempting to subvert the government in a case seen as a barometer of judicial independence under new president emmerson mnangagwa. evan mawarire was a strident critic of former president robert mugabe who resigned last week after 37 years in power week under pressure from the army and ruling zanu-pf party. mawarire s #thisflag movement last year organized the biggest protests in a decade against mugabe over a deteriorating economy
"dublin (reuters) - progress is being made in talks between britain and the eu on how to avoid setting up a physical infrastructure on northern ireland s border after the united kingdom leaves the eu in 2019
"berlin (reuters) - european union chief brexit negotiator michel barnier said on wednesday that the bloc had to be
 showed successful warhead re-entry"
"geneva (reuters) - the international committee of the red cross (icrc) said on wednesday it was making a  stop-gap  purchase of fuel so as to provide clean water to one million people in the yemeni cities of hodeidah and taiz for one month. the fuel shortage in yemen has become  critical  under the saudi-led coalition s blockade
"london (reuters) - foreign banks in britain view any attempt to make them convert their branches to subsidiaries after brexit as a  red line  which would likely cause them to rethink their presence in the country
"istanbul (reuters) - deputy prime minister mehmet simsek said on wednesday turkey will do whatever is necessary if its banking sector is affected by the u.s. trial of a turkish bank executive in a case regarding a conspiracy to evade u.s. sanctions against iran. speaking at a conference in istanbul
"manila (reuters) - philippine soldiers have killed 14 maoist guerrillas in an offensive south of the capital
"berlin (reuters) - the european union s chief brexit negotiator michel barnier said on wednesday he was  still working  to reach agreement with britain about its exit from the bloc.   we are still working. (that is) the only comment i can make
"brussels/london (reuters) - britain has offered to pay much of what the european union was demanding to settle a brexit  divorce bill 
 but new north korea missile test a provocative act"
"marea
"sydney (reuters) - australia s upper house senate on wednesday passed a measure to legalize same-sex marriage
"london (reuters) - britain wants to reach an agreement with the european union that would secure a frictionless border between eu member ireland and northern ireland to avoid any need for queues on either side
"seoul (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe is considering attending the winter olympics in south korea in february despite escalating tension after north korea s latest missile test on wednesday
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel
"berlin (reuters) - germany strongly condemns north korea s latest ballistic missile test
"seoul (reuters) - north korea said on wednesday it had successfully tested a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile (icbm)
"seoul (reuters) - when north korean leader kim jong un signed an order for his scientists to test their latest missile
"paris (reuters) - a year ago
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodian prime minister hun sen
"aden (reuters) - assailants detonated a car bomb outside the yemeni finance ministry offices in the southern city of aden on wednesday
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela  systematically  abused anti-government protesters this year
"beijing (reuters) - china expressed  grave concern  on wednesday after north korea fired what appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile (icbm) that landed close to japan.  china hopes all parties act cautiously to preserve peace and stability
"mexico city (reuters) - two human heads were discovered in a cooler outside an office of broadcaster televisa in the mexican city of guadalajara
"denpasar
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish prosecutors have issued detention warrants for 360 people in an operation targeting supporters of u.s.-based cleric fethullah gulen within the army
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - the honduran presidential candidate leading after a partial count of votes said he would review whether to keep a base stationed with u.s. troops if he wins the election
"cairo (reuters) - militant group islamic state claimed responsibility for a car bomb attack outside the offices of the yemeni finance ministry in the southern port city of aden
"cairo (reuters) - militant group islamic state claimed responsibility for a car bomb attack outside the offices of the yemeni finance ministry in the southern port city of aden
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - the result of honduras  presidential election remained in limbo on tuesday
"singapore (reuters) - singapore authorities charged human rights activist jolovan wham on wednesday for organizing public assemblies without a police permit
"seoul (reuters) - north korea successfully launched a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile
"beijing (reuters) - china on wednesday said that any attempt to hype up its decision to jail a taiwanese rights activist for subversion would be futile
"mexico city (reuters) - a newly unveiled presidential contender for mexico s ruling party attacked his main leftist rival on tuesday
"seoul (reuters) - north korea will make an announcement at 0330 gmt
"la paz (reuters) - bolivia s highest court struck down limits on re-election in the country s constitution and election laws on tuesday
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela s new oil czar vowed on tuesday to root out corruption in state oil company pdvsa in a combative two-minute speech during his inauguration
"seoul (reuters) - south korea s president moon jae-in said on wednesday north korea s missile technology seems to have improved
"seoul (reuters) - south korea s joint chiefs of staff said they presume north korea fired a hwasong-14 long-range ballistic missile on wednesday
"honolulu (reuters) - hawaii this week will resume monthly statewide testing of cold war-era nuclear attack warning sirens for the first time in at least a quarter century
"ottawa (reuters) - a planned meeting of foreign ministers to discuss the north korean crisis is not scheduled to take place before the christmas break in late december
"dubai (reuters) - senior saudi prince miteb bin abdullah
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on tuesday that a new law allowing russia s justice ministry to list foreign media outlets as  foreign agents  posed a threat to free press and it urged moscow not to use the measure to tighten control over the media. state department spokeswoman heather nauert said in a statement on tuesday
 japan's abe agree to boost deterrence against north korea: japan government"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department said on tuesday that municipal elections in cuba over the weekend were flawed because authorities used  intimidation
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may will travel to the middle east this week to lend her support to economic reforms in saudi arabia and jordan
 says provocation had been anticipated"
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron condemned on tuesday what appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile test conducted by north korea and called for greater pressure on pyongyang.  i condemn the new ballistic irresponsible trial of north korea. it reinforces our determination to increase the pressure on pyongyang and our solidarity to our partners
 china challenge; higher risk of war"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump said on tuesday that the united states  will take care of  the north korea issue after its latest missile launch
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on tuesday strongly condemned north korea s launch of an apparent intercontinental ballistic missile and urged the international community to take new steps to press pyongyang to halt development of nuclear arms.  in addition to implementing all existing u.n. sanctions
"san salvador (reuters) - an el salvador court on tuesday ruled in a civil case that former president mauricio funes and one of his sons had illegally enriched themselves and ordered them to pay nearly $420
"united nations (reuters) - the united states and japan have requested that the united nations security council meet on wednesday to discuss north korea s latest missile launch
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. general in afghanistan said on tuesday that he had not seen a change in pakistan s support for militants so far
"brussels (reuters) - north korea s latest missile launch undermines regional and international security and pyongyang needs to re-engage in credible dialogue with the international community
"istanbul (reuters) - syrian kurdish pyd forces sprayed a turkish border post with gunfire late on tuesday
"brussels (reuters) - north korea s latest missile launch is a  further unacceptable violation  of its international obligations
"beirut (reuters) - iranian president hassan rouhani said on tuesday that saudi arabia presents iran as an enemy because it wants to cover up its defeats in the region.   saudi arabia was unsuccessful in qatar
"sao paulo (reuters) - the brazilian government is looking at all options
"london (reuters) - a british government official cast doubt on a newspaper report on tuesday that britain and the eu had reached a financial settlement of between 45 billion and 55 billion euros.  i do not recognize this account of the negotiations
 will assume liabilities worth up to 100 billion euros: ft"
"london (reuters) - britain is seeking to build on the  recent momentum  in the brexit divorce talks with the european union before a summit next month
 russia warns against u.n. measures"
 rival odinga promises own inauguration"
"ouagadougou (reuters) - france s president emmanuel macron told african youths on tuesday that he belonged to a new generation of french leaders who would build partnerships with the continent rather than tell it what to do. but a youth protest against him
 aleppo"
 south korea analyzing: south korea military"
"washington (reuters) - u.s. government experts think north korea could conduct a new missile test within days
"washington (reuters) - north korea has fired an unidentified ballistic missile
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon said on tuesday that it had detected a  probable  missile launch from north korea.  we detected a probable missile launch from north korea. we are in the process of assessing the situation and will provide additional details when available
"rome (reuters) - an italian judge ruled on tuesday that a convicted mobster and son of late boss salvatore  toto  riina be detained for a year in a secure labor unit
"abidjan (reuters) - european leaders under pressure from a far-right revival at home hope to avoid a difficult debate about immigration when they meet their african counterparts in ivory coast from wednesday. reports this month of abuses against african migrants in libya have sparked anger across the continent however
"beirut/geneva (reuters) - a syrian government delegation will arrive in geneva on wednesday
"geneva (reuters) - the syrian government has accepted a russian suggestion of a ceasefire in the besieged rebel-held enclave of eastern ghouta
 averting election threat"
"prague (reuters) - czech ano party leader andrej babis said on tuesday he expected his minority cabinet to take power on dec. 13 which would enable him to attend a european union summit as prime minister. after meeting president milos zeman
 deaths of rohingya women"
"berlin (reuters) - germany is best suited to host a new nato military logistics command
 authorities feel the heat as bali volcano keeps airport closed"
"jakarta/candi dasa
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian security forces have killed 11 suspected militants in a shootout near the sinai
 then withdraws comments"
"washington (reuters) - president donald trump is actively considering  when and how  to move the u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem
"shanghai (reuters) - chinese police said late on tuesday some claims of child abuse at a beijing kindergarten run by new york-listed ryb education were unfounded
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may s attempts to keep her brexit plans secret provoked a new row on tuesday when lawmakers criticized her for failing to hand over complete studies on the economic impact of britain leaving the european union. the government had promised to share more than 50 studies on how brexit would affect different economic sectors
000 rohingya refugees"
 nine held over links to banned turkish group"
"united nations (reuters) - france said on tuesday it wanted the united nations security council to consider imposing targeted sanctions on human traffickers operating in libya after a video appearing to show african migrants sold as slaves sparked global outrage. several members of the 15-member security council expressed their horror at the video during a meeting on tuesday
"kandahar
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel scolded a minister on tuesday in a bid to shield talks on forming a coalition government from a dispute between cabinet colleagues over an eu license for a weedkiller. conservative agriculture minister christian schmidt angered the center-left spd on monday by breaking protocol to back a european union proposal to extend the use of glyphosate in the bloc for another five years
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s new president
"paris (reuters) - during his rapid rise to the presidency
 but political kow-towing still abounds"
"madrid (reuters) - imprisoned former vice-president of catalonia oriol junqueras and three other jailed members of his erc party will abide by a ruling giving madrid control over the region
"berlin (reuters) - a senior russia s foreign ministry official on tuesday said he was not worried by the european union s move to integrate european defenses
 says chief"
 feted in india
"tripoli (reuters) - libyan authorities are attempting to negotiate with a group that has cut water supplies to the libyan capital for the second time in two months to press for the release of a jailed ally
 avoids 'rohingya' row"
"beirut (reuters) - shelling killed three people in the last major rebel stronghold near damascus on tuesday
"geneva (reuters) - syrian government and opposition negotiators meeting in geneva this week will have the chance to hold direct talks for the first time
 young russians learn the military way"
"conakry (reuters) - a two-day skirmish between guinean and malian villagers over control of a gold mine that straddles the countries  joint border killed at least 17 people
"berlin (reuters) - the mayor of a small town in western germany known for pursuing liberal migrant policies was stabbed in the neck at a kebab shop on monday evening and seriously hurt in an attack that officials suspected was politically motivated. the conservative mayor of altena
 opposition says"
"istanbul (reuters) - a turkish court has issued detention warrants for two people including a former opposition lawmaker for allegedly providing fake evidence and documents to a court case in the united states
"ouagadougou (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron said on tuesday he would ask european leaders to help evacuate africans in danger in africa after reports appearing to show african migrants being traded there sparked an international outcry.  i will propose that africa and europe come to the rescue of the people trapped in libya
 macron says"
"tokyo/washington (reuters) - japan has detected radio signals suggesting north korea may be preparing another ballistic missile launch
"bogota (reuters) - colombia s lower house of congress late on monday backed a bill to regulate transitional justice under the nation s peace deal with marxist farc rebels
 saying all africans can get visa on arrival"
"singapore (reuters) - indonesian business tycoon hary tanoesoedibjo said on tuesday he was not planning to stand in the country s 2019 presidential election
 bomb making material: statement"
"naypyitaw (reuters) - pope francis said on tuesday that myanmar is suffering from civil conflict and hostilities  that have lasted all too long and created deep divisions 
"london (reuters) - a year after a wave of denial-of-service attacks knocked out major websites around the world
"islamabad (reuters) - when hardline pakistani islamists signed an agreement with the government on monday to end a crippling blockade of the nation s capital
"naypyitaw (reuters) - myanmar leader aung san suu kyi said on tuesday there had been an erosion of trust and understanding between communities of rakhine state
"beirut (reuters) - a syrian government delegation will arrive in geneva on wednesday to attend peace talks this week
 five-year term"
"dublin (reuters) - the two independent cabinet ministers that support prime minister leo varadkar s minority government said the uncertainty over the future of his deputy prime minister was  very grave .  the situation is very grave. we will make our views known to the taoiseach (prime minister) at cabinet this morning
"moscow (reuters) - no firm date has been set yet for a congress of syria s peoples proposed by russia
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico s finance minister resigned on monday to seek the 2018 presidential nomination of the ruling party
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico s outgoing finance minister jose antonio meade said on monday he will seek the presidential nomination of the ruling institutional revolutionary party
 united states 'on same wavelength'
"ankara (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan said on tuesday he would hold another phone call with u.s. president donald trump this week
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations special envoy for syria staffan de mistura has received assurances that the syrian government delegation will attend peace talks in geneva this week
"beijing (reuters) - in xinjiancun
"beijing (reuters) - a prominent chinese general under investigation for corruption has committed suicide
"nairobi (reuters) - burundi s main opposition grouping said it is boycotting peace talks that resumed on tuesday in tanzania
"vienna (reuters) - the european union is increasingly willing to consider western balkan states joining the bloc
"sydney/melbourne (reuters) - police have arrested a 20-year-old man suspected of planning to use an automatic rifle for a mass shooting on new year s eve in downtown melbourne
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabia s shura council
"bangkok (reuters) - thai authorities have arrested 16 people who were protesting against the construction of a coal-fired power plant
"seoul (reuters) - north korea may announce the completion of its nuclear program within a year
 online curbs stay"
"nairobi
"paris (reuters) - a grenade thrown at french soldiers wounded three civilians in the burkina faso capital of ouagadougou shortly before the arrival of french president emmanuel macron
"beijing/taipei (reuters) - china on tuesday sentenced taiwanese rights activist li ming-che to five years in prison for subverting state power
"london (reuters) - britain s prince harry and u.s. actress meghan markle announced on monday they were getting married next year
 prince harry charts love for u.s. actress meghan markle"
"toronto (reuters) - canadian designer line the label shot to prominence on monday after u.s. actress meghan markle wore a coat from the brand in her first public appearance after her engagement to britain s prince harry.  markle appeared in the sunken garden at kensington palace on monday in the late november chill
"karachi
 says tribunal will judge conduct"
"geneva (reuters) - diplomats are searching for ways to prevent the global trade dispute resolution system from freezing up
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - with 70 percent of ballots counted in the honduran presidential election
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel will focus on expanding business ties and trying to regulate migration with africa during an eu-africa summit in abidjan this week
"washington/ankara (reuters) - the pentagon said on monday it was reviewing  adjustments  in arms for the syrian kurdish forces that have angered turkey
"washington (reuters) - the united states plans to reduce military support for groups fighting islamic state in iraq and syria but that does not mean washington will stop all aid to those groups
"brasilia (reuters) - the united nations has asked brazil to send troops to join its peace mission in the central african republic
"baghdad (reuters) - two attackers shot several civilians on monday in the nahrawan area southeast of baghdad before one blew himself up and the other was killed by security forces
"cairo (reuters) - islamic state claimed responsibility for a suicide attack that took place on monday targeting the nahrawan area southeast of baghdad
"beirut (reuters) - a breakthrough in u.n.-backed syria peace talks in geneva this week seems hardly more likely than in seven failed earlier rounds as president bashar al-assad pushes for total military victory and his opponents stick by their demand he leave power.  u.n. syria mediator staffan de mistura said on monday the syrian government had not yet confirmed that it would attend the talks. a syrian newspaper reported that the government delegation would delay its planned tuesday arrival in geneva because of the opposition s insistence assad step down. the opposition s stance is seen by damascus and its allies as divorced from reality after the government s steady march of victories since russia entered the war in 2015. the rebels have been forced from all syria s big cities and their hopes of toppling assad by military means look finished. the opposition has also accused the government of refusing to seriously engage.  the assad regime must not be allowed to play for time while people are being besieged and bombed
"geneva (reuters) - the syrian opposition delegation at peace talks in geneva is aiming for the removal of president bashar al-assad and plans to engage his negotiators in serious and direct talks
"jerusalem (reuters) - the israeli parliament voted on monday in favor of a draft law barring police from publicizing its conclusions in criminal probes   legislation seen as shielding prime minister benjamin netanyahu
"washington (reuters) - the pentagon said on monday it was reviewing  adjustments  in arms for u.s.-backed kurdish forces in syria but stopped short of declaring a halt to weapons transfers
"harare (reuters) - ousted zimbabwe finance minister ignatius chombo
"berlin (reuters) - germany s christmas markets opened on monday at the start of the holiday season
 seeks to trim deficit further"
 urges president to concede"
"beirut (reuters) - president michel aoun held talks on monday with other lebanese political leaders over the future of prime minister saad al-hariri s government
"paris (reuters) - lebanese prime minister saad al-hariri said on monday that the  political and militant group hezbollah must stop interfering in regional conflicts and accept a neutral policy to bring an end to lebanon s political crisis.  the iranian-backed hezbollah
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe president emmerson mnangagwa on monday named patrick chinamasa acting finance minister until a new cabinet has been appointed
"beirut (reuters) - russia proposed a two-day ceasefire on monday in the last major rebel stronghold near the syrian capital damascus
"bosaso
"caracas (reuters) - a general appointed at the weekend to run venezuela s energy sector will name more military officers to senior management posts at state oil company pdvsa as part of a shakeup the government says is aimed at fighting corruption
 causing short circuit"
 other offences"
"london (reuters) - a british teenager was found guilty on monday of planning to drive a car into a crowd in the welsh capital cardiff
"sao paulo (reuters) - brazil s lower house speaker rodrigo maia said on monday he will try to pass a fiscally crucial pension reform bill this year in the chamber
"athens (reuters) - greece s junior coalition party leader on monday faced questioning in parliament and calls for his suspension over a failed deal to sell greek army missiles to saudia arabia. panos kammenos
"berlin (reuters) - chancellor angela merkel piled pressure on monday on the social democrats (spd) to rejoin a  grand coalition  with her conservatives
"dublin (reuters) - ireland s minister for social protection said she expects the government and main opposition party to avoid a snap election that a dispute between the two has left them 24 hours away from triggering.  i think we all know an election is coming but it just isn t right for the country to have that election right now and i do expect us to come back from the brink
"dubai (reuters) - a ship carrying 5
 needs to revisit turkey's future place"
"moscow (reuters) - former russian economy minister alexei ulyukayev
"stockholm (reuters) - sweden will let some migrants who arrived as unaccompanied minors and turned 18 during the process of applying for asylum stay even if their applications are rejected
 macedonian orthodox churches edge closer despite thorny history"
 nine soldiers killed in darfur clashes: suna"
"london (reuters) - britain s prince harry
"london (reuters) - britain s prince harry is engaged to his u.s. actress girlfriend meghan markle with the marriage due to take place in the spring of 2018
"kuwait (reuters) - a kuwaiti court handed several lawmakers jail terms on monday for forcing their way into the parliament building in 2011 - a move that could cause political turbulence in the gulf arab region s most liberal state. protesters burst into parliament in 2011 after lawmakers had been denied the right to question then prime minister sheikh nasser al-mohammad al-sabah about corruption allegations. kuwait s al-qabas newspaper said the court sentenced current mps jamaan al-harbash and waleed al-tabtabai to five years and mp mohammed al-mutair to one year. an outspoken former parliament deputy
 sudanese intelligence agencies catch and return alleged coup suspect: anadolu"
"yangon (reuters) - pope francis held talks on monday with myanmar s military chief at the start of a delicate visit to a majority-buddhist country that the united states has accused of  ethnic cleansing  against its muslim rohingya people. the leader of the roman catholic church will also visit bangladesh
"moscow (reuters) - a russian-backed congress of syrian peoples in the russian city of sochi has been postponed until february
"harare (reuters) - inside state house in harare
"moscow (reuters) - russia s defence ministry denied on monday that russian war planes had carried out deadly air strikes on a village in syria s deir al-zor province that had killed dozens of civilians
"berlin (reuters) - the leader of the germany s social democrats (spd) said nothing had been ruled out ahead of talks with chancellor angela merkel s conservatives on forming a new government
"berlin (reuters) - during germany s election campaign
"paris (reuters) - president emmanuel macron s bold vision for european renewal will be harder to translate into real policy change if france does not have a  strong partner  in germany
"tokyo (reuters) - eight bodies
"panmunjom
"warsaw (reuters) - the president of the european parliament said on monday he would ask poland s prime minister to ensure the security of polish members of the assembly after a far-right protest staged a symbolic hanging of the politicians.  on saturday a few dozen people in the southern polish city of katowice hanged the portraits of politicians who backed a  european parliament resolution calling on the polish government to condemn  the xenophobic and fascist march  held on poland s independence day on nov. 11.  i will write to pm beata szydlo to ensure the security of elected members of the european parliament to express their opinions independently
"denpasar
"copenhagen (reuters) - a 17-year-old danish girl who offered to fight for islamic state was sentenced on monday to eight years in prison by the danish high court for planning bomb attacks on two schools
"berlin (reuters) - germany may need to change its constitution to allow it to strike back at hackers who target private computer networks and it hopes to complete any legal reforms next year
 ireland at odds on border as brexit deadline nears"
"dubai (reuters) - the health of bahrain s top shi ite muslim cleric has deteriorated
"islamabad (reuters) - a hardline pakistani islamist group called off nationwide protests on monday after the government met its demand that a government minister accused of blasphemy resign
 global environment mean germany needs stable government
"geneva (reuters) - the u.n. human rights council is expected to hold a special session on killings
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish academic fikret baskaya was briefly detained on monday as part of an operation targeting members of the kurdistan workers party (pkk) militant group
"new delhi/kochi
"london (reuters) - king edward viii sacrificed his throne and queen elizabeth s sister margaret gave up her one true love
"hong kong (reuters) - four hong kong pro-democracy lawmakers who were ousted from the legislature this year condemned on monday as  political persecution  a demand that they pay back hundreds of thousands  of dollars in expenses. a special legislative commission demanded that the lawmakers each pay up to hk$3.1 million ($397
"bamako (reuters) - mali s government said it has delayed regional elections from december to april amid security concerns caused by the spreading reach of islamist militants. mali has struggled to deal with insurgents and sectarian infighting this year despite international military interventions and a 2015 peace deal
"beirut (reuters) - the syrian government delegation has postponed its departure to u.n.-backed peace talks that are due to resume on tuesday in geneva
"beirut (reuters) - the syrian government welcomes the formation of a committee that will discuss the current constitution and is expected to be formed at a congress to be convened by russia in sochi
 amid reshuffles
"sydney (reuters) - australian police on monday used metal cutters to remove five protesters who had chained themselves to the gate of the prime minister s official residence over the treatment of asylum seekers detained in papua new guinea. papua new guinea police last week expelled about 400 protesting asylum-seekers from a shuttered australian-run detention camp on manus island. the united nations decried the crackdown as  shocking . the manus island detention camp
"madrid (reuters) - barely a quarter of catalans want to continue with a plan to claim independence from spain in the wake of dec. 21 regional elections
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on monday that ramzan kadyrov
 cause unknown"
"rome (reuters) - silvio berlusconi has suggested a carabinieri (military police) general could be italy s next prime minister if his center bloc wins national elections slated for early 2018. berlusconi
"harare (reuters) - new zimbabwean president emmerson mnangagwa is expected to form a new cabinet this week
"(reuters) - a court in vietnam jailed a blogger on monday for seven years for  conducting propaganda against the state 
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - a left-right coalition led by a flamboyant tv host took a surprise lead in the honduran presidential election
"yangon (reuters) - pope francis landed in yangon on monday
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey s deputy prime minister bekir bozdag said on monday that the united states wanted to use the trial in new york of a turkish gold trader to impose sanctions on ankara. in an interview with broadcaster kanal24
"singapore (reuters) - an earthquake of magnitude 6.2 struck off the pacific ocean nation of papua new guinea on monday
"sydney (reuters) - the loss of a state election in queensland has stepped up pressure on australian prime minister malcolm turnbull
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican finance minister jose antonio meade will step down on monday
"denpasar
 quality of life"
000 evacuated from bali volcano
"yangon (reuters) - myanmar s civilian leader
"jakarta (reuters) - the closure of i gusti ngurah rai airport on the indonesian island of bali due to a volcanic eruption has affected 445 flights
"chishawasha
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - honduran president juan orlando hernandez
"havana (reuters) - armando hart
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - an exit poll by a honduran tv channel gave a strong lead to president juan orlando hernandez
"shanghai (reuters) - beijing will hire permanent inspectors to provide oversight at every one of its kindergartens following child abuse allegations at a facility run by the new york-listed ryb education
"buenos aires (reuters) - searchers for an argentine submarine missing since nov. 15 battled gale-force south atlantic winds on sunday while a navy spokesman held out hope that the 44 crew members may still be alive in an  extreme survival situation.  the ara san juan had only a seven-day supply of air when it reported its last position
 again"
"berlin (reuters) - leaders of german chancellor angela merkel s conservative party agreed on sunday to pursue a  grand coalition  with the social democrats (spd) to break the political deadlock in europe s biggest economy.  merkel
"cairo (reuters) - a cairo court on sunday released 17 people arrested last month during a crackdown by the authorities on homosexuality
"bucharest (reuters) - tens of thousands of romanians rallied in the capital bucharest and dozens of other cities on sunday
"dakar (reuters) - suspected christian militias killed an egyptian u.n. peacekeeper and wounded three others in an attack in southern central african republic on sunday
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabia s powerful crown prince mohammed bin salman said on sunday an attack on an egyptian mosque that killed more than 300 worshippers would galvanize an islamic military coalition that aimed to counter  terrorism and extremism . top defense officials from 40 muslim-majority nation s met in riyadh on sunday. they are part of an alliance gathered together two years ago by prince mohammed
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - hondurans vote on sunday in a presidential election that many expect to result in a second term for the current u.s.-friendly leader
"tegucigalpa (reuters) - hondurans voted on sunday in a presidential election that many expect to result in a second term for the current u.s.-friendly leader
"havana (reuters) - cuba took another step on sunday toward the end of the castro era
 stung by fake news claims
"dublin (reuters) - irish prime minister leo varadkar  is doing everything he can  to avoid a snap general election
"london (reuters) - britain will not resolve the question of the irish border after brexit until it has also agreed the outline of a trade deal with the european union
"ismailia
"beirut (reuters) - an intensifying push by the syrian government and allied forces to take the last major rebel stronghold near the capital damascus killed at least 23 people on sunday and injured many
"moscow (reuters) - six russian tu-22m3 long-range bombers hit islamic state targets in syria s deir al-zor province on sunday
 spd set out policy lines for german coalition"
"barcelona (reuters) - pro-independence parties may fail to retain an absolute majority of seats in the catalan parliament in regional elections next month
"maiduguri
"monrovia (reuters) - liberia s opposition liberty party will take its claims of election fraud to the supreme court this week after the electoral commission ruled on friday that the first-round oct. 10 vote was fair
"seoul (reuters) - the south korean president s office said on sunday that it will begin a review on the country s 64-year-old law to ban abortion. the announcement came after more than 230
"istanbul/new york (reuters) - a trial which has strained turkish-u.s. ties before it even started opens this week in new york despite the possible absence of a defendant who turkey says is cooperating with prosecutors in what it calls  a clear plot  against ankara. turkish-iranian gold trader reza zarrab
"denpasar
"beijing (reuters) - british theoretical physicist stephen hawking
"tokyo (reuters) - a japanese cosmetics firm has apologized for a sign banning entry for chinese people posted in one of its outlets
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodian prime minister hun sen on sunday called for the closure of one of the country s main human rights groups because it was founded by detained opposition leader kem sokha. a crackdown on critics of hun sen
"sydney (reuters) - the resurgence of australian nationalist politics has been halted at a state election in coal-rich queensland
"beijing (reuters) - chinese educational services provider ryb education inc said it had removed the head of one of its kindergarten
"kathmandu (reuters) - nepalis began voting for a new parliament on sunday with the army on alert on sunday as a series of small blasts blamed on a rogue maoist group reminded the himalayan nation of the violence and instability it is hoping to leave behind. more than a decade after the end of a civil war between maoist peasant guerrillas and security forces
"kathmandu (reuters) - millions of nepalis vote on sunday to choose a new parliament and seven state assemblies more than a decade after the end of a civil war. the two-phase election is the first in nepal since it turned into a federal republic and abolished monarchy in 2008. here is a chronology of events in the himalayan country since then: 2008
"buenos aires (reuters) - no sign of the argentine submarine lost in the south atlantic since nov. 15 has been found despite a massive international search effort
 prosecutor says"
"london (reuters) - the deputy head of iran s revolutionary guards warned europe that if it threatens tehran
 u.n. aid workers reach yemen after blockade eased"
"berlin (reuters) - chancellor angela merkel on saturday welcomed the prospect of talks on a  grand coalition  with her social democrat (spd) rivals and defended the record of the previous such government
"bauchi
"tripoli (reuters) - at least 31 migrants died after their boat sank off libya s western coast on saturday and some 200 others were picked up by the coastguard to be brought back to port in tripoli
"lille
"beirut (reuters) - lebanese prime minister saad al-hariri said on saturday that he would not accept iran-backed hezbollah s positions that  affect our arab brothers or target the security and stability of their countries 
"beirut (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron on saturday received members of lebanese prime minister saad al-hariri s family in paris
"harare (reuters) - former zimbabwe finance minister ignatius chombo
"washington (reuters) - the white house said on saturday there would be repercussions for u.s.-pakistan relations unless islamabad took action to detain and charge a newly freed islamist accused of masterminding a 2008 assault in mumbai
 islamists clash"
"dublin (reuters) - support for ireland s governing fine gael party fell in a poll on saturday as a political crisis that has left the country three days away from the calling of a snap election showed no sign of being resolved. prime minister leo varadkar s minority government was on the brink on friday after the party propping it up submitted a motion of no confidence in the deputy prime minister
"islamabad (reuters) - pakistani authorities ordered private television channels to go off air on saturday during a police and paramilitary crackdown on islamist protesters in the capital. the suspension was ordered by the pakistan electronic media regulatory authority for violating media regulations showing live coverage of a security operation
"islamabad (reuters) - pakistan s government on saturday called on the military to help police break up a sit-in by religious hardliners who have blocked the main routes into islamabad for more than two weeks
 at right time' for syria"
"harare (reuters) - ousted zimbabwe finance minister ignatius chombo
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin signed into law on saturday new measures allowing authorities to list foreign media outlets as  foreign agents  in response to what moscow says is unacceptable u.s. pressure on russian media. the new law has been rushed through both russian houses of parliament in the last two weeks. it will now allow moscow to force foreign media to brand news they provide to russians as the work of  foreign agents  and to disclose their funding sources. a copy of the law was published on the russian government s online legislation database on saturday
"moscow (reuters) - russian long-range bombers hit islamic state targets in the northeast of syria on saturday
"beirut (reuters) - elections organized by the kurdish-led authorities of northern syria will be held on dec. 1
"paris (reuters) - french president emmanuel macron on saturday unveiled measures aimed at educating the public and schoolchildren about sexism and  violence against women and improving police support for victims. during his campaign macron
"oostkamp
"beirut (reuters) - top lebanese druze politician walid jumblatt on saturday called on saudi arabia to enter dialogue with iran and said that the kingdom s modernization plans could not work while riyadh was engaged in a war in yemen. lebanon was thrust back onto the frontline of a regional power tussle this month between saudi arabia and iran. the two regional powers back competing factions in iraq
"dhaka (reuters) - bangladesh and myanmar have agreed to take help from the u.n. refugee agency to safely repatriate hundreds of thousands of rohingya muslims who had fled violence in myanmar
"beijing (reuters) - beijing police investigating alleged child abuse at a kindergarten run by ryb education inc said on saturday they had detained a teacher
"cairo (reuters) - militant gunmen who killed more than 300 people in an attack on a mosque in egypt s north sinai on friday were carrying an islamic state flag and were between 25 to 30 in number
"cairo (reuters) - the death toll in a devastating militant attack on a mosque on friday in egypt s north sinai has risen to 305 killed
" (this nov. 24 story has been refiled to correct paragraph eight to say former ceo was not among the five people prosecuted.) hanoi (reuters) - vietnam has prosecuted five former officials of the unlisted dong a bank for violating rules that  lead to serious consequences 
"paris (reuters) - french finance minister bruno le maire said on saturday he believed the banks that closed the accounts of far-right national front leader marine le pen and her party had good reasons to do so. but le maire also told france inter radio that he had asked the central bank of france to look into whether the law had been complied with and that its governor would release his conclusions on monday. le pen earlier this week accused two banks   societe generale and hsbc   of launching a  banking fatwa  to silence her national front party by closing bank accounts belonging to her and her party. the banks said they had acted within regulatory requirements but declined to offer fuller explanations.  if societe generale closes the accounts of the national front
"beijing (reuters) - the police of beijing s chaoyang district have detained a teacher on suspicion of abuse at a ryb kindergarten
"tokyo (reuters) - japan s coast guard found the body of a male and parts of a wooden boat suspected to be from north korea on the coast of one of japan s outlying islands on saturday
"tokyo (reuters) - japan s government will set aside around 2 trillion yen ($17.93 billion) to subsidize education costs and improve elderly care as part of an economic package due early next month
"berlin (reuters) - members of germany s social democrats (spd) will likely approve a renewed coalition with chancellor angela merkel s conservatives if party leaders present a convincing proposal
"buenos aires (reuters) - families of the 44 crew members of a missing argentine submarine gave up hope and went home on friday after days of waiting at the sub s mar del plata naval base
buenos aires (reuters) - argentine president mauricio macri said on friday that the country s navy and foreign forces would continue the search for a submarine that went missing nine days earlier and said he expected the vessel to be found over the days ahead. 
"riyadh/amman (reuters) - syria s main opposition group selected a new chief negotiator on friday ahead of a new round of u.n.-backed peace negotiations with the damascus government set to kick off next week. nasr hariri said the opposition was going to geneva on nov. 28 to hold direct talks and was ready to discuss  everything on the negotiating table . the announcement came at a summit in riyadh where
"riyadh (reuters) - the next round of u.n.-backed peace talks in geneva aimed at ending the syrian civil war will begin on nov. 28
"riyadh (reuters) - the chief negotiator of syria s main opposition said early on saturday that russia s proposal to hold a congress of the syrian government and opposition in sochi did not serve the political process. nasr hariri called on the international community
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump said that he had informed turkey s president recep tayyip erdogan in a call that washington is adjusting military support to partners on the ground in syria
"tbilisi (reuters) - a fire in a hotel in georgia s black sea resort city of batumi killed 11 people
"london (reuters) - panic erupted among christmas shopping crowds on london s oxford street on friday evening as armed officers raced to respond to reports of shots being fired in the area
"lima (reuters) - the peruvian attorney general s office accused former president alejandro toledo on friday of taking bribes from brazilian construction firm camargo correa sa [pmorrc.ul] in exchange for a lucrative highway contract during his 2001-2006 term. an unnamed state s witness had helped uncover evidence that showed some $3.98 million in payments camargo made to toledo through offshore bank accounts controlled by one of toledo s associates
"havana (reuters) - cuba marks the first anniversary of the death of revolutionary leader fidel castro on saturday with a week of vigils nationwide
 hypothermia: judge"
 but only if members agree"
"istanbul (reuters) - a turkish court has freed on bail a british citizen facing charges of joining a terrorist organization
"havana (reuters) - cuban president raul castro met with north korean foreign minister ri yong ho on friday amid hopes the communist-run island might be able to convince its asian ally to avert a showdown with the united states. north korea is facing unprecedented pressure from the united states and the international community to cease its nuclear weapons and missile programs. cuba has maintained close diplomatic ties with north korea since 1960 but is opposed to nuclear weapons.  in the brotherly encounter
"warsaw (reuters) - poland s ruling party lawmakers gave preliminary approval on friday to two bills allowing parliament and the president to replace top judges
"dublin (reuters) - ireland s minority government looked set to collapse within days on friday after the party propping it up submitted a motion of no confidence in the deputy prime minister
"harare (reuters) - new president emmerson mnangagwa laid out a grand vision on friday to revitalise zimbabwe s ravaged economy and vowed to rule on behalf of all the country s citizens. sworn in days after the overthrow of robert mugabe
 eu tells may"
"brussels (reuters) - the president of the european commission jean-claude juncker said on friday that a meeting with british prime minister theresa may on december 4 will allow the eu to see whether sufficient progress was made on brexit talks.  i will meet the british prime minister on 4 december. then we will see if there has been sufficient progress
"london (reuters) - ireland is trying to force the united kingdom
"bamako (reuters) - four united nations peacekeepers and a malian soldier were killed and 21 people were wounded in two separate attacks by unknown assailants in mali on friday
 macy's and other retail stocks"
"dublin (reuters) - irish prime minister leo varadkar said on friday he would not seek the resignation of his deputy prime minister
"geneva (reuters) - more than 33
"brussels (reuters) - britain has only 10 days left to deliver on all three areas of its divorce terms with the european union if london wants to start talks on a transition period after brexit and a future relationship
"algiers (reuters) - algeria s ruling parties retained their majority in local elections
' likes csi: surgeon"
"london (reuters) - london s police force said on friday that they had stood down after an incident in the heart of london s shopping district that they initially responded to as if it could have been terrorist-related.  our response on #oxfordstreet has now been stood down
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s supreme court more than doubled oscar pistorius  murder sentence on friday
"paris (reuters) - a tiger was shot dead in western paris on friday after escaping from a circus
"moscow (reuters) - the security minister of ukraine s pro-russian rebel region of luhansk said on friday he was taking over power from regional chief igor plotnitsky
"pristina (reuters) - kosovo police arrested three lawmakers on friday
"washington (reuters) - the united states on friday welcomed a  first step  by saudi arabia to allow humanitarian aid to reach yemen and called for negotiations on the country s conflict. the coalition fighting the iran-aligned houthi movement in yemen said on wednesday it would allow aid in through the red sea ports of hodeidah and salif
"london (reuters) - london s police force said they had received reports that shots had been fired on oxford street and in the nearby underground station
 but issues remain - may"
"london (reuters) - london s police force urged people on oxford street
"over the south atlantic (reuters) - from the window of a u.s. navy p-8a poseidon airplane taking part in an international search for a missing argentine submarine
"cairo (reuters) - egypt s military has begun conducting air strikes around the area of north sinai where a deadly mosque attack that killed more than 230 occurred on friday
"dubai (reuters) - saudi arabia s powerful crown prince called the supreme leader of iran  the new hitler of the middle east  in an interview with the new york times published on thursday
"geneva (reuters) - the saudi-led coalition fighting in yemen has given the united nations permission to resume flights of aid workers to the houthi-controlled capital on saturday
 weak-minded': state tv"
"brussels (reuters) - eu leaders offered ukraine closer ties on friday at a summit meant to cement kiev s ties with the west
"brussels (reuters) - the european union and six former soviet republics
"brussels (reuters) - the european union and six former soviet republics
"yangon (reuters) - human rights groups called on friday for international agencies to be allowed to monitor the planned repatriation of hundreds of thousands rohingya muslims from bangladesh to the homes they have fled from in myanmar over the past three months. the two governments signed a pact on thursday settling terms for a repatriation process. they aim to start the return of rohingya in two months in order to reduce pressure in the refugee camps that have mushroomed in the cox s bazar region of bangladesh. but rights groups have expressed doubts about myanmar
"cairo (reuters) - the death toll in a militant attack on a mosque in egypt s north sinai region has risen to 235
"moscow (reuters) - russia s defence ministry said on friday six tu-22m3 long-range bombers had carried out air strikes on islamic state targets on the western bank of the euphrates river in syria
"brussels (reuters) - chancellor angela merkel said she had reassured her european union counterparts during a summit on friday that germany continued to have a government committed to the eu despite delays in forming a new coalition. speaking to reporters in brussels
"bogota (reuters) - former marxist farc rebels who have chosen to join drug trafficking gangs instead of demobilizing will face the full power of colombia s military
"bogota (reuters) - two former colombian presidents will back a joint right-wing ticket in elections next year
 u.s. trump discuss syria
"ankara (reuters) - turkey said on friday that u.s. president donald trump told president tayyip erdogan he had issued instructions that weapons should not be provided to kurdish ypg fighters in syria
"beijing/shanghai (reuters) - chinese police are investigating claims of sexual molestation and needlemarks on children at a beijing kindergarten run by ryb education inc
"bangkok (reuters) - thai prime minister prayuth chan-ocha has reshuffled his cabinet
"berlin (reuters) - german president frank-walter steinmeier will meet with chancellor angela merkel
"yangon (reuters) - chinese president xi jinping met with myanmar s top military general in beijing on friday and discussed china s support amid international criticism over its treatment of the rohingya minority
"beijing (reuters) - china hopes syria can show  flexibility  in promoting peace talks
"cairo (reuters) - the death toll in a militant attack on a mosque in egypt s north sinai region has risen to 200
"abuja (reuters) - nigeria s atiku abubakar
"vatican city (reuters) - pope francis on friday excoriated politicians who foment fear of migrants
"moscow (reuters) - united nations special envoy on syria
 unhcr decries force used"
"cairo (reuters) - the death toll in a militant attack on mosque in egypt s north sinai region has risen to 184 killed
"beijing (reuters) - china has leverage to persuade north korea to go back to talks over its nuclear ambitions
"prague (reuters) - the outgoing czech government will submit its resignation when it next meets on nov. 29
"caracas (reuters) - just months ago
"abuja (reuters) - nigeria s former vice president atiku abubakar is prepared to run for the presidency in 2019
 but old problems persist"
"dublin (reuters) - ireland s finance minister said the prospect of an election and period without government during brexit talks is unconscionable
"moscow (reuters) - russia is concerned that japan is allowing washington to use its territory as a base for a u.s. military build-up in north asia under the pretext of countering north korea
"moscow (reuters) - russia is opposed to the militarization of asia under the pretext of countering north korea and is concerned by u.s. plans to deploy part of its global missile defense system in the region
"cairo (reuters) - egypt s government has declared three days of mourning after attack on north sinai mosque killed at least 85 people on friday
 south korea awards medals after defector's border dash"
 ex-pm sharif"
"paris (reuters) - the head of a saudi-based organization that for decades was charged with spreading the strict wahhabi school of islam around the world has said those times were over and his focus now was aimed at annihilating extremist ideology. former justice minister mohammed al-issa
"moscow (reuters) - russia is working together with saudi arabia to unify the syrian opposition
"dublin (reuters) - an irish general election appeared likely after opposition party fianna fail submitted a motion of no confidence on friday in the deputy prime minister
 will focus on brexit progress"
"brussels (reuters) - european union brexit negotiator michel barnier assured ireland s foreign minister on friday that the eu would defend dublin s position in talks with britain over the coming weeks. barnier said on twitter that he had updated simon coveney on the state of play in negotiations
"dublin (reuters) - the party of irish prime minister leo varadkar appears to be preparing for an imminent general election
"berlin (reuters) - members of germany s social democrats (spd) will get to vote on any decision by the leadership of the center-left party to join a future coalition government
"islamabad (reuters) - a u.s. official on friday said washington is  deeply concerned  at the release from house arrest of a pakistani islamist accused of masterminding a bloody 2008 assault in the indian city of mumbai. hafiz saeed
"pristina (reuters) - a special court with international prosecutors and judges set up to tackle alleged war crimes by ethnic albanians against serbs during kosovo s 1998-99 war is ready to proceed with its first indictments
"cairo (reuters) - at least 54 people were killed when suspected militants set off a bomb and opened fire at a mosque in egypt s restive northern sinai on friday
"warsaw (reuters) - polish lawmakers from the ruling right-wing law and justice (pis) party initially approved on friday a bill changing the electoral system that the opposition denounced as threatening the fairness of elections. the bill
"copenhagen (reuters) - a 17-year-old danish girl who offered to fight for islamic state was found guilty on friday of planning bomb attacks at two schools
"harare (reuters) - retired correspondent cris chinaka worked for reuters in harare from 1990 to 2015. before that he reported on zimbabwe for the ziana news agency and moto
 elections next year"
"beirut (reuters) - top lebanese druze politician walid jumblatt on friday criticized the way prime minister saad al-hariri had been treated by  some saudi circles 
"" says zimbabwe's new leader"
"dublin (reuters) - the deal propping up the irish government will be dead if opposition party fianna fail submits a motion of no confidence in the deputy prime minister before a 1100 deadline
 african leaders ponder own fate"
"manila (reuters) - philippine president rodrigo duterte said on friday he has terminated intermittent peace talks with maoist-led rebels and would consider them  terrorists  because hostilities had continued during negotiations. ending the nearly half-century long conflict with the communists
 assured of safety in zimbabwe: sources"
 schulz next week"
"geneva (reuters) - conditions in myanmar s northern rakhine state  are not in place to enable safe and sustainable returns  of more than 600
"brussels (reuters) - ireland does not need an election now that talks on the terms of britain s exit from the european union are entering a crucial phase on how to avoid a physical border between ireland and northern ireland
"dublin (reuters) - ireland s government will collapse if the opposition fianna fail party proceeds with its plan to vote for the resignation of the deputy prime minister frances fitzgerald on tuesday
"moscow (reuters) - russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said on friday progress had been made on confidence-building measures related to a territorial dispute between moscow and tokyo. the measures focused on easing access for japanese visitors to the disputed islands in the pacific
"moscow (reuters) - japanese foreign minister taro kono said on friday he agreed with his russian counterpart to speed up work on economic cooperation on disputed islands in the pacific
johannesburg (reuters) - south african president jacob zuma congratulated emmerson mnangagwa as he was sworn in as zimbabwean president on friday and said he hoped mnangagwa would steer his country successfully through the transition from robert mugabe s rule. zuma s comments were the first he has made in public since mnangagwa emerged as the new leader of zimbabwe following a military intervention against mugabe. he made them at talks with angolan president joao lourenco in south africa s capital pretoria. lourenco was paying a state visit to south africa that had been previously scheduled. the two leaders did not attend mnangagwa s inauguration in harare. 
"kabul (reuters) - a rocket attack on an afghan religious school killed about 20 taliban insurgents exchanging fire with security forces
"lahore
 putin allies lose an election but cling to power"
"tokyo (reuters) - a baby brought into a japanese municipal assembly chamber by his lawmaker mother was promptly ejected because his presence was against the rules
"tokyo (reuters) - the mayor of japan s western city of osaka plans to cut ties with u.s. sister city san francisco after the latter accepted the donation of a  comfort women  statue from a private group there. the issue of  comfort women 
"kathmandu (reuters) - nepalis vote on sunday to choose a new parliament and seven state assemblies hoping to end years of fickle coalitions and complete a tumultuous transition
"seoul (reuters) - a defector s treatment for critical injuries suffered during a dramatic dash from north korea has highlighted a shortage of south korean trauma doctors and again underscored seoul s lack of preparedness in the event of hostilities with pyongyang. the defector
"dublin (reuters) - ireland s second-largest party fianna fail
"hong kong (reuters) - amid calls from hong kong s pro-beijing elite for sweeping new national security laws
' steenkamps say after pistorius sentence doubled"
"phnom penh (reuters) -  we speak our mind 
"ankara (reuters) - turkish authorities issued detention warrants on friday for 79 former teachers
"peshawar
 south korea to hold joint air force drill in early december"
"harare (reuters) - incoming zimbabwe leader emmerson mnangagwa assured former president robert mugabe he and his family would be safe in the country when the two men spoke for the first time since mnangagwa returned home this week
"johannesburg (reuters) - former zimbabwean finance minister ignatius chombo was admitted to hospital on friday with injuries sustained from beatings he received in military custody after the army s intervention against robert mugabe a week ago
"mexico city (reuters) - the threat of losing power to a fierce leftwing rival next year is tempting mexico s ruling institutional revolutionary party (pri) to enlist outside help for the first time in its nine-decade history. corruption scandals
 crown prince says"
"johannesburg (reuters) - former zimbabwe finance minister ignatius chombo
"dhaka (reuters) - several small opposition parties in bangladesh have called for a half-day strike on thursday against a power tariff increase
"johannesburg (reuters) - the southern african development community (sadc)
"kiev (reuters) - five ukrainian servicemen were killed when pro-russian rebels attacked government positions mostly in the luhansk region on thursday
"mumbai (reuters) - a passenger train slipped off the rails in northern india early on friday
"tokyo (reuters) - a u.s. navy said it has called off a search for three sailors missing since a transport plane crashed in the philippines sea south of japan on wednesday enroute to the uss ronald reagan aircraft carrier.  during the course of two days
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico s ruling institutional revolutionary party (pri) said on thursday registration for pri contenders in the july 2018 presidential election will begin on dec. 3
"vatican city (reuters) - pope francis visits myanmar next week
"tokyo (reuters) - police in northern japan have found eight men near a boat at a seaside marina who said they were from north korea
"mexico city (reuters) - the united nations said on thursday a group of experts on freedom of expression will visit mexico at the end of november to assess the safety of journalists in the country
"riyadh/amman (reuters) - syria s main opposition stuck by its demand on thursday that president bashar al-assad play no role in an interim period under any u.n.-sponsored peace deal
"dublin (reuters) - the irish government was on the verge of collapse on thursday after the party whose votes prime minister leo varadkar depends on to pass legislation said it would seek to remove the deputy prime minister in a breach of their cooperation agreement. the crisis comes three weeks ahead of a european union summit in which the irish government has an effective veto on whether britain s talks on leaving the bloc progress as it determines if eu concerns about the future of the irish border have been met. in a row that escalated rapidly
"mar del plata
"cairo (reuters) - syrian opposition will form a 50-member delegation to participate in u.n.-sponsored talks in geneva
" (this version of the november 22nd story corrects deadline for parties to register candidates in eleventh par) mexico city (reuters) - mexican leftist presidential hopeful andres manuel lopez obrador showed leads over potential rivals in two newspaper polls published wednesday
"lima (reuters) - the government of peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski will likely object to a bill passed by congress that aims to expand new anti-graft restrictions to grana y montero and other local partners of brazilian builder odebrecht [odbes.ul]
"mar del plata
"dublin (reuters) - the irish government was on the verge of collapse on thursday after the party whose votes prime minister leo varadkar depends on to pass legislation appeared set to break the terms of a  confidence and supply  deal. the opposition fianna fail party said it would put a motion of no confidence in deputy prime minister frances fitzgerald on tuesday
"caracas (reuters) - washington has asked the government of leftist nicolas maduro for access to venezuelan-american executives of u.s.-based refiner citgo detained in caracas this week
"guatemala city (reuters) - guatemala s attorney general and a united nations-backed commission against impunity in guatemala searched the offices of millicom international cellular s local unit on thursday as part of a corruption investigation. the raid comes four months after ivan velasquez
 opposition says"
"berlin (reuters) - the leader of germany s social democrats came under growing pressure on thursday to drop his opposition to a new  grand coalition  with angela merkel s conservatives
"milan (reuters) - accounting firm ey said on thursday it was cooperating with milan magistrates in an investigation into whether one of its former employees in italy had sold it confidential government information.   on nov. 21 we became aware of the investigation targeting ey in italy. we are examining it carefully and seriously and we are fully cooperating with the judiciary
 police say"
"berlin (reuters) - german lawmakers have protested after wolfgang schaeuble
 but concerned by its judicial reform plans"
"tripoli (reuters) - libya s u.n.-backed government said on thursday it was investigating reports of african migrants being sold as slaves and promised to bring the perpetrators to justice. footage broadcast by cnn appearing to show african migrants being traded in libya sparked an international outcry and protests in europe and africa.  there have been direct instructions issued to form an investigative committee so as to uncover the truth and to capture the wrongdoers
"kabul (reuters) - three georgian military personnel serving with the nato-led resolute support mission in afghanistan were lightly wounded when their vehicle was attacked near an airbase north of the capital kabul
"sochi
 index falls 40 percent after military takeover"
 at service for africa
"sochi
"beirut (reuters) - prime minister saad al-hariri said on thursday lebanon s political crisis was  a wake-up call  for lebanese with different loyalties to put their country ahead of regional issues. hariri was referring to the crisis ignited by his shock announcement on nov. 4 that he was resigning. he made it from saudi arabia
"vienna (reuters) - an international nuclear test-ban body that runs a global network of listening posts designed to check for secret atomic blasts detected an  unusual signal  underwater last week near where an argentine submarine went missing
"london (reuters) - britain s parliament will debate the brexit withdrawal bill on dec. 4
 ireland says there work to do to get brexit deal next month"
"berlin (reuters) - a top member of chancellor angela merkel s conservatives on thursday dismissed russian president vladimir putin s push to host a new syrian peace process with the backing of iran and turkey
"jalalabad
"provins
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s incoming president emmerson mnangagwa has called on  citizens to remain peaceful and desist from any form of  vengeful retribution 
"pacaraima
 500 people rescued in west africa"
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi forces launched an operation on thursday to clear the desert bordering syria of islamic state in a final push to rid iraq of the militant group
 says opponent rainsy"
 egeland calls it 'collective punishment'"
"moscow (reuters) - russia s defense ministry said on thursday long-range bombers had carried out air strikes on islamic state targets in syria s deir al-zor province
"brussels (reuters) - the sweet smell of waffles is familiar in belgium but on thursday people were left choking as a fire at a waffle factory sent a dense black cloud across brussels
"cairo (reuters) - egypt has appointed housing minister mustafa madbuly to serve as interim prime minister while prime minister sherif ismail receives medical treatment abroad
"buenos aires (reuters) - an abnormal sound detected in the south atlantic ocean around the time that an argentine navy submarine sent its last signal last week was  consistent with an explosion
 rt would be censorship"
"baghdad (reuters) - a prominent iraqi militia indicated on thursday it would give any heavy weapons it had to the military once islamic state was defeated and rejected a proposed u.s. congressional bill designating it a terrorist group. harakat hezbollah al nujaba
"rome (reuters) - italy s anti-establishment 5-star movement told french president emmanuel macron on thursday that it does not represent a threat to the european union
"sydney (reuters) - about fifty asylum seekers departed an australian-run detention camp in papua new guinea on thursday after police moved into the complex
 brussels eyes december brexit deal"
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations refugee agency called for calm on thursday after receiving reports of force being used to remove refugees and asylum-seekers from a center closed three weeks ago on manus island in papua new guinea. about fifty asylum seekers departed an australian-run detention camp in papua new guinea on thursday after police moved into the complex
 official says"
"juba (reuters) - twenty-seven people were killed when rebels attacked government forces in south sudan
 barnier december 4
 eight years after coup"
"munich (reuters) - a spokesman for bavaria s christian social union (csu) denied a german media report on thursday that horst seehofer is to stand down as state premier and hand over to rival markus soeder
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodian prime minister hun sen has warned his party it could still lose next year s election even after the banning of the opposition and demanded that it improve its image
"n djamena (reuters) - chad has rejected allegations made in the united states that its president idriss deby was paid a $2 million bribe in exchange for providing a chinese energy company with oil rights without international competition. the united states announced charges on monday against former hong kong home secretary chi ping patrick ho and former senegalese foreign minister cheikh gadio for allegedly funnelling bribes to high-level officials in chad and uganda.  the government is indignant and questions this fierce attack against our head of state
"london (reuters) - britain wants zimbabwe s new rulers to show clear resolve to place the country on a more democratic and prosperous path after the fall of robert mugabe.  zimbabweans suffered for too long as a result of mugabe s ruinous rule
"beirut (reuters) - the parliament group for lebanon s hezbollah said in a statement on thursday that prime minister saad al-hariri s return from abroad and his  positive statements  signal a possible return to normality in lebanon
"athens (reuters) - several hundred elderly greeks marched through athens on thursday
 progress on treaty"
"moscow (reuters) - russia s defense ministry has sent an oceanographic research ship to the south atlantic to help with the search for an argentine submarine which went missing more than a week ago
"berlin (reuters) - chancellor angela merkel s conservatives are rallying around her despite the failure of talks to form a three-way ruling coalition
 say afghan farmers"
"jerusalem (reuters) - a top israeli diplomat was rebuked by prime minister benjamin netanyahu on thursday for suggesting that american jews have a poor commitment to service in the u.s. military. asked in an english-language television interview about criticism of israeli policies by some u.s. jews
"london (reuters) - iran has told jailed iranian-british aid worker nazanin zaghari-ratcliffe that she will appear in court next month accused of spreading propaganda
"beirut (reuters) - russia s planned peace talks among syrian groups will only succeed if the opposition ends its fight against the government
"palong khali
 bangladesh ink rohingya return deal amid concern over army's role"
"bern (reuters) - european commission president jean-claude juncker said on thursday that it would be seen in the next few days whether brexit talks with britain had made enough progress to enter a second phase of negotiations.  we are in intense negotiation with the uk to end the first phase of the talks about topics such as citizen rights
"moscow (reuters) - u.n. special envoy on syria staffan de mistura will visit moscow on friday
 over south china sea"
 site of overseas military base"
"prague (reuters) - czech president milos zeman plans to appoint andrej babis as prime minister in early december and the full cabinet around the middle of the month
 hezbollah will not disarm: tv"
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s main opposition said on thursday it wanted incoming president emmerson mnangagwa to dismantle all pillars of repression that helped sustain robert mugabe s 37 years in power. in its first official comments since mugabe resigned on tuesday
"london (reuters) - a fire at an industrial estate sent clouds of smoke billowing across london on thursday morning.  london s fire brigade said 81 firefighters and 12 fire engines were battling the blaze at an industrial estate in ponders end
"washington/caracas (reuters) - venezuelan president nicolas maduro said on wednesday that venezuelan-american executives at refiner citgo who were arrested in a corruption sweep this week would be tried as  corrupt
"lahore
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish authorities issued detention warrants for 99 suspects including doctors and lawyers and have so far detained 78 of them
 bangladesh sign rohingya return deal: myanmar official"
"yangon (reuters) - the u.s. labeling of a myanmar army crackdown on rohingya muslims as  ethnic cleansing  is unhelpful and could aggravate the situation
 sustained u.s. engagement in asia
"beijing (reuters) - some northern chinese cities failed to improve air quality by much last month
"dubai (reuters) - kuwait s emir sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-jaber al-sabah was discharged from hospital on thursday after successful medical tests
"manila (reuters) - there is a  strong likelihood  philippine president rodrigo duterte will lift a suspension on police from his war on drugs
"yangon (reuters) - the united states temporarily suspended travel for american officials to parts of myanmar s rakhine state
 north korea reject 'unilateral and arbitrary' u.s. demands"
"new delhi (reuters) - india has approved a three-year budget for its flagship public health program almost 20 percent lower than what the health ministry said was needed
"beijing (reuters) - china s internet regulator had said it will purge the  evil influence  of its former top official who the ruling communist party has put under investigation for suspected corruption. the official
"beijing (reuters) - china wants closer ties with myanmar s military to help protect regional peace and security
"shanghai (reuters) - it is strategically important for china s economy that the country enhances protection of intellectual property rights
"seoul (reuters) - south korea is considering scrapping a regular military exercise with u.s. forces next year to minimize the risk of an aggressive north korean reaction during the winter olympics in the south
"toronto (reuters) - canada has granted refugee status to about 10 percent of the 298 haitian border crossers whose applications have been processed this year
 brussels eyes december brexit deal"
"london (reuters) - britain needs to set out plans to make sure its lawyers can keep working across europe after brexit
"moscow/paris (reuters) - the kremlin said on wednesday it will spare no effort to defend the rights of suleiman kerimov
"nice/moscow (reuters) - a french judge put russian businessman and lawmaker suleiman kerimov
"shanghai (reuters) - police in southern china have detained seven people in connection with an underground banking scheme involving more than 20 billion yuan ($3 billion)
"buenos aires (reuters) - the search for an argentine submarine missing in the south atlantic for more than a week has highlighted the dwindling resources and lack of training faced by the armed forces since the end of a military dictatorship in the early 1980s.  as south america s second-largest economy has lurched from one crisis to the next in recent decades
"sochi
 individuals in qatar boycott"
"buenos aires (reuters) - an unusual noise was detected last week on the day an argentine submarine went missing
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson asked saudi arabia to ease its blockade of yemen
"gaza/cairo (reuters) - palestinian factions
 easing crisis"
"washington (reuters) - the united states welcomes lebanese prime minister saad al-hariri s return to lebanon
"washington (reuters) - the united states on wednesday called the myanmar military operation against the rohingya population  ethnic cleansing  and  threatened targeted sanctions against those responsible for what it called  horrendous atrocities.   the situation in northern rakhine state constitutes ethnic cleansing against the rohingya
 pakistan finance minister relieved of duties"
"rome (reuters) - italian magistrates are investigating whether a treasury official sold confidential government information to her previous employers
 fainting from hunger: u.n. survey"
 gets life in prison"
"srebrenica
 three missing"
 sanaa airport for aid"
 turkey for new syria peace push"
"warsaw (reuters) - plans to overhaul poland s judiciary would end the country s status as a democratic state based on the rule of law and should be scrapped
"" zimbabwe's mnangagwa tells cheering crowd"
"paris (reuters) - france demanded on wednesday an urgent u.n. security council session on human trafficking in libya and raised the possibility of sanctions on the country after a video appearing to show african migrants sold as slaves there sparked global outrage. convened by italy
"geneva (reuters) - the conviction of former bosnian serb military commander ratko mladic for genocide and crimes against humanity serves as a warning to others such as syrian president bashar al-assad
"kampala (reuters) - uganda on wednesday denied its foreign minister had engaged in corrupt activities with a hong kong man who has been charged with bribery and other violations by u.s. authorities. chi ping patrick ho
 three terrorism suspects killed in police operation: state security"
"moscow (reuters) - the presence of armed men in the streets of the capital of ukraine s breakaway luhansk region is an attempted coup by a fired local police chief
 china to hold summit next month to mend ties"
 turkey back proposed syrian peoples' congress"
"berlin (reuters) - germany s social democrats (spd) faced pressure on wednesday to consider offering coalition talks to chancellor angela merkel s conservatives to settle the worst political crisis in modern german history. a leader of the smaller free democrats (fdp) also raised the possibility of reviving coalition talks with the conservatives and greens that collapsed at the weekend raising fears across europe of stalemate in the eu s economic and political powerhouse. but the party chief later appeared to ruled it out.  the signs of possible flexibility came after president frank-walter steinmeier
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s deputy president cyril ramaphosa has taken a lead in party nominations for the next leader of the ruling african national congress (anc)
"johannesburg (reuters) - south african president jacob zuma appointed general khehla sitole as national police commissioner on wednesday
 iran
"brussels (reuters) - a summit of euro zone leaders will go ahead as planned in the middle of december
 opens way for new prime minister"
"copenhagen (reuters) - an arm found by divers near copenhagen was weighed down with pieces of metal similar to those attached to the legs of swedish journalist kim wall who died in august on board a submarine owned by a danish inventor
 ordered to appear next week"
"berlin (reuters) - german police detained a 29-year-old man suspected of trading narcotic drugs internationally over the internet through anonymous websites and sending them by mail to customers in germany
 rohingya refugees: vatican"
"washington (reuters) - the united states hopes its determination that ethnic cleansing  occurred against the rohingya will raise pressure on myanmar s military and civilian leadership to respond to the crisis and allow displaced people to return home
 government clash over alleged abuse of palestinian"
"riyadh (reuters) - the draft of a final statement by a syrian opposition meeting in riyadh calls for the departure of president bashar al-assad at the beginning of any transition
"paris/nanterre (reuters) - french far-right leader marine le pen accused two banks on wednesday of launching a  banking fatwa  to silence her national front party by closing bank accounts of hers and her party s. the banks said they had acted within regulatory requirements but declined to offer fuller explanations. le pen is smarting from defeat in this year s presidential and parliamentary elections
"johannesburg (reuters) - south african president jacob zuma hosted zimbabwe s former vice president emmerson mnangagwa in pretoria on wednesday
 to be sworn in as president friday"
"mogadishu (reuters) - somalia s government said on wednesday it had requested a u.s. air strike that killed scores of suspected militants to help pave the way for an upcoming ground offensive against islamist group al shabaab. the u.s. military s africa command (africom) said on tuesday it had killed more than 100 of the al qaeda-linked insurgents in the strike on a camp 125 miles (200 km) northwest of the capital mogadishu.  those militants were preparing explosives and attacks. operations against al shabaab have been stepped up
"rome (reuters) - a deal with libya that has slashed the number of migrants reaching italy could scupper the ruling center democratic party s (pd) already dwindling hopes of staying in power next year as it is opposed by the pd s potential coalition partners. the deal
 names no names"
"sochi
"sarajevo (reuters) - in the 1990s he was the burly
"moscow (reuters) - u.n. special envoy on syria staffan de mistura will visit moscow on thursday for talks on the situation in syria
"phnom penh (reuters) - the united states on wednesday opened a $2 million tender to help clear unexploded bombs in cambodia weeks after the government s mine clearance agency said its u.s. funding had been stopped. relations between cambodia and the united states have spiraled downwards this year with the government accusing americans of involvement in a plan by detained opposition leader kem sokha to bring down prime minister hun sen. washington has rejected the accusations as baseless. last week
"paris (reuters) - russian businessman suleiman kerimov
 detain staff over article about president"
"strasbourg
"beijing (reuters) - china is shedding few tears over the ousting of its old friend robert mugabe as president of zimbabwe
"london (reuters) - britain wants zimbabwe to rejoin the international community following the resignation of robert mugabe
"berlin (reuters) - germany s pro-business free democrats (fdp) on wednesday said they would not rule out renewed talks on a three-way coalition government if chancellor angela merkel s conservatives and the greens offered a  completely new package  of proposals.  if it really was possible to build a modern republic in the coming years
 sentence"
"athens (reuters) - cyprus on wednesday said it would try to help defuse a crisis in neighboring lebanon after prime minister saad al-hariri made an unexpected stopover on the island on tuesday night. cyprus announced the move shortly after hariri shelved a decision to resign at the request of lebanon s president michel aoun
"beirut (reuters) - lebanese prime minister saad al-hariri told his supporters on wednesday he would stay with them
 says france"
"oslo (reuters) - ex-bosnian serb general rakto mladic s conviction for war crimes did not come as a surprise
"bangkok (reuters) - police in thailand on wednesday arrested a woman wanted in connection with a 2015 bombing in bangkok that killed 20 people
"paris (reuters) - french bank societe generale on wednesday rejected the far-right national front s accusations that it had acted to  suffocate  the party by closing accounts.   societe generale group s decisions on whether to open or close a bank account depend purely on banking reasons and in respect of all regulatory requirements
 no escape from justice"
"oslo (reuters) - norwegian police said on wednesday they had lowered the national threat assessment
"cairo (reuters) - egypt s public prosecutor has ordered the detention of 29 people suspected of espionage on behalf of turkey and joining a terrorist organization
"seoul (reuters) - north korea denounced on wednesday u.s. president donald trump s decision to relist it as a state sponsor of terrorism
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s former vice president emmerson mnangagwa will be sworn in as president on friday following the resignation of robert mugabe
"seoul (reuters) - a north korean border guard briefly crossed the border with the south in the chase for a defector last week - a violation of the ceasefire accord between north and south
"beijing (reuters) - chinese foreign minister wang yi told his south korean counterpart kang kyung-wha on wednesday that beijing hopes seoul continues to appropriately handle their dispute over the deployment of a u.s. anti-missile system in south korea
"brussels/kiev (reuters) - ukraine s eu membership ambitions will collide with the west s reform demands at a summit on friday with eu leaders ready to admonish kiev for failing to implement anti-corruption laws that would bring it closer to the west
"ankara (reuters) - turkey expects to receive its first russian s-400 surface-to-air missiles in 2019
"amsterdam (reuters) - the verdict in the war crimes trial of former bosnian serb military commander ratko mladic was delayed on wednesday while he underwent a blood pressure test
"new delhi (reuters) - the trump administration is pushing security ties between the united states
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s saad al-hariri said on wednesday he would hold off presenting his resignation as prime minister in response to a request from president michel aoun to allow more dialogue.  i presented today my resignation to president aoun and he urged me to wait before offering it and to hold onto it for more dialogue about its reasons and political background
"dubai (reuters) - saudi foreign minister adel al-jubeir said on wednesday his country will lend support to the syrian opposition to come out unified from talks in the saudi capital riyadh ahead of peace talks in geneva.  we will provide help and support for them in all what they need
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s former vice president emmerson mnangagwa will be sworn in as president on friday following the resignation of robert mugabe after nearly four decades in power
"moscow (reuters) - there has to date been no confirmation from any russian government agencies that there was an incident on russian soil that could have caused raised levels of pollution from a radioactive isotope
"kuwait (reuters) - kuwait s elderly ruler
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin is following the situation in ukraine s rebel-controlled luhansk region
"ankara (reuters) - turkey received bids last friday for the production of 500 altay battle tanks
"berlin (reuters) - frank-walter steinmeier was hardly chancellor angela merkel s first choice for the largely ceremonial job of german president
"berlin (reuters) - two veteran allies of chancellor angela merkel appealed to germany s parties on tuesday to strike a compromise and form a stable government that could drag europe s biggest economy out of a political impasse. the collapse of talks between merkel s conservative bloc
"ankara (reuters) - there is a  serious danger  in the syrian region of afrin and this must be removed
 social democrats gain"
"beijing (reuters) - china said on wednesday that it respects robert mugabe s decision to resign as zimbabwe s president
"moscow (reuters) - russia s upper house of parliament on wednesday approved a bill which will allow the authorities to list foreign media operating in russia as  foreign agents 
"washington (reuters) - the united states on tuesday imposed sanctions on 13 chinese and north korean organizations washington accused of helping evade nuclear restrictions against pyongyang and supporting the country through trade of commodities like coal. the u.s. treasury announced the action one day after president donald trump put north korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism
 but his schedule is tight: lawyer"
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesia s speaker of parliament
 says u.n. refugee chief"
beijing (reuters) - china s foreign ministry said on wednesday that china opposed unilateral sanctions after the united states imposed new curbs against 13 chinese and north korean organizations. ministry spokesman lu kang made the comment at a daily news briefing. 
"ankara (reuters) - turkish authorities have issued detention warrants for 216 people
"sydney (reuters) - australia s second-largest state on wednesday took another step towards adopting a law allowing voluntary assisted dying for terminally ill patients. any resident of victoria state over 18
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodia s economy is forecast to grow 6.9 percent next year
"beijing (reuters) - the former head of china s powerful internet regulator is under investigation for suspected corruption
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesia s mount agung volcano in bali has let out a puff of black smoke and ash in a small eruption
"singapore (reuters) - singapore is hoping to deploy autonomous buses on public roads in three different districts of the city-state from 2022 to provide better connectivity
"tokyo (reuters) - the timing of emperor akihito s abdication
"taipei/beijing (reuters) - air china ltd has indefinitely suspended flights between beijing and pyongyang
"mexico city (reuters) - mexican leftist presidential frontrunner andres manuel lopez obrador has pledged in his manifesto to clamp down on financial crime
"sydney (reuters) - a ninth australian lawmaker quit parliament on wednesday after discovering she was a dual national
 needs further care"
"manila (reuters) - the philippine environment minister said on wednesday that a ban on new open pit mining in the country would remain in place
 2017 set to be worst year"
"sydney/geneva (reuters) - australia s foreign minister said on wednesday that asylum seekers occupying an abandoned australian-run detention camp in papua new guinea (png) can relocate to alternative accommodation
"mar del plata
"sarajevo (reuters) - the u.n. war crimes tribunal for former yugoslavia delivers its verdict on wednesday in the trial of ratko mladic
"berlin (reuters) - half of germans are in favor of calling a new election after chancellor angela merkel failed to reach a deal to form a new coalition with two other parties
"beirut (reuters) - saad al-hariri returned to beirut on tuesday for the first time since he resigned as lebanon s prime minister in a broadcast from saudi arabia and plunged his country into political crisis. hariri s sudden resignation on nov. 4 thrust lebanon to the forefront of regional tussle between the sunni monarchy of saudi arabia and shi ite islamist iran
 giving ground on eu rights plan"
 child-proof packs for legal pot sales"
 meets its president- hariri twitter feed"
"washington (reuters) - a group of about a dozen u.s. state department officials have taken the unusual step of formally accusing secretary of state rex tillerson of violating a federal law designed to stop foreign militaries from enlisting child soldiers
"beirut (reuters) - saad al-hariri landed in beirut on tuesday
"moscow/kiev (reuters) - armed men in masks blocked off the center of ukraine s rebel-controlled city of luhansk on tuesday in what the rebel leader said was a revolt by supporters of a sacked regional police chief. in fighting that broke out in 2014
"moscow/beirut (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin hosted syrian president bashar al-assad for three hours of talks to lay the groundwork for a new push by moscow to end syria s conflict now that islamic state s territory is overrun. russia is trying to broker an international consensus around a peace deal for syria
"london/brussels (reuters) - prime minister theresa may will only detail how big a divorce settlement britain is willing to pay the eu when the bloc gives a commitment to moving talks forward
 putin discuss support for u.n. peace process in syria: white house"
"bogota (reuters) - colombia sent a letter to the venezuelan foreign ministry on tuesday protesting the incursion of a military helicopter and troops from that nation over the border
 ending four decades of rule"
"harare (reuters) - when zimbabwean leader robert mugabe sacked his vice president in front of 12
"tokyo (reuters) - a japanese man was killed in a truck collision involving a 21-year-old u.s. marine who was well over the legal alcohol limit for driving
"berlin (reuters) - german police presented on tuesday diaries
"nice
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin and u.s. president discussed the civil war in syria on tuesday
"bauchi
 saudi king
"cairo (reuters) - lebanon s saad al-hariri
"cairo (reuters) - saad al-hariri
"berlin (reuters) - half a year ago
 impartial"" in middle east"
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. military said it killed more than 100 islamist militants in somalia on tuesday when it launched an air strike against al shabaab
 an ""embarrassment""
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s former vice president emmerson mnangagwa will be sworn in as president on wednesday or thursday
"yola
"beirut (reuters) - iranian president hassan rouhani declared the end of islamic state on tuesday while a senior military commander thanked the  thousands of martyrs  killed in operations organised by iran to defeat the militant group in syria and iraq.   today with god s guidance and the resistance of people in the region we can say that this evil has either been lifted from the head of the people or has been reduced
 israel leaders of need to preserve lebanon's stability"
"paris (reuters) - senior russian lawmaker and businessman suleiman kerimov was arrested by french police at nice airport on monday night in connection with a tax evasion case
"beijing (reuters) - china said on tuesday it has urged thailand to  quickly bring to justice  20 ethnic uighur muslims from china who broke out of a thai detention center through a hole in the wall
"moscow (reuters) - russia has proposed ending the publication of the names of banks which finance russian state-controlled arms producers
 citing own history
 ukraine
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s platform for concerned citizens
"new york (reuters) - a federal appeals court in new york on tuesday revived part of a $1.68 billion lawsuit against iran s central bank
"kirkuk
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said on tuesday robert mugabe s resignation gave zimbabwe the chance to forge a new path
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi said on tuesday islamic state had been defeated from a military perspective but he would only declare final victory after is militants were routed in the desert. iraqi forces on friday captured the border town of rawa
 for many
johannesburg (reuters) - zimbabweans took to the streets of the yeoville and hillbrow districts of the south african city of johannesburg on tuesday to celebrate news of zimbabwean president robert mugabe s resignation. around 3 million zimbabweans have emigrated from their home country to south africa in search of work following zimbabwe s economic collapse. 
"benghazi
"copenhagen (reuters) - an unidentified arm found by divers in the water near copenhagen could belong to swedish journalist kim wall who died after taking a submarine ride with the vessel s danish inventor in august
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s army chief told his soldiers on tuesday to be extra vigilant to prevent unrest during political turmoil after the prime minister quit
 ready to receive flights: agency"
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations said on tuesday it had accepted a proposal from iraq to pay 0.5 percent of its 2018 oil proceeds toward compensation for $4.6 billion owed to kuwait for destruction of its oil facilities during the 1990-91 gulf war occupation. payments from the fund
harare (reuters) - the resignation letter written by zimbabwean president robert mugabe that was read out by the speaker of the country s parliament made no mention of who he was leaving in charge of the country. the speaker added that he was working on legal issues to make sure a new leader was in place by the end of wednesday. 
"harare (reuters) - thousands of zimbabweans poured onto the streets of harare after president robert mugabe resigned on tuesday
"london (reuters) - northern ireland s main political parties pointed on tuesday to fresh obstacles to restoring a devolved power-sharing government in the british region after meeting prime minister theresa may
"sofia (reuters) - turkey has charged three bulgarians with illegal migrant trafficking and assisting a criminal organization
"paris (reuters) - president emmanuel macron s initiative in bringing lebanon s saad al-hariri to paris puts france at the center of a power struggle between sunni saudi arabia and shi ite iran and will test a policy of neutrality that critics doubt can be sustained.  while the move eased regional tensions that spiked after the prime minister s resignation on nov. 4
"washington (reuters) - the united states has charged a former senegalese foreign minister and a former top hong kong government official with links to a chinese energy conglomerate with bribing high-level officials in chad and uganda in exchange for contracts for the mainland company. chi ping patrick ho
 russia moves against chemical weapons watchdog"
"bosasso (reuters) - musa bihi abdi of the ruling kulmiye party was declared the winner of somaliland s presidential election on tuesday
 kenya robbers tunnel into bank opposite police station"
 but uk ready for no deal"
 officials say"
"copenhagen (reuters) - denmark intends to invest to boost efforts to prevent cyber attacks in a strategy to be presented early next year
"erbil/baghdad (reuters) - iraqi authorities have moved hundreds of foreign wives and children of suspected islamic state militants from a detention center in northern iraq to baghdad
 lebanon to mark national day"
"moscow/beirut (reuters) - russia said on tuesday that the resignation of  radically minded  syrian opposition figures such as riyad hijab would help unite the disparate opponents of president bashar al-assad around a more  realistic  platform. hijab
 trump to discuss north korea on tuesday: ifx cites kremlin aide"
"tunis (reuters) - tunisia will continue with a package of painful economic policies
"brussels (reuters) - the collapse of talks on a new german government means that the euro zone s ambitious plans for deeper economic integration could be put on hold
"yangon/naypyitaw (reuters) - members of the u.s. congress said on tuesday operations carried out against the rohingya muslims in myanmar had  all the hallmarks  of ethnic cleansing
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s parliament has received a motion to impeach president robert mugabe after the army seized power last week
"paris (reuters) - french truck drivers blocked traffic at border crossings with spain
"geneva (reuters) - a u.s.-funded famine survey said on tuesday that thousands of yemenis could die daily if a saudi-led military coalition does not lift its blockade on the country s key ports. the warning came a day after the international committee of the red cross (icrc) said 2.5 million people in yemen s crowded cities had no access to clean water
 burundi officials for threats"
 angolan leaders to visit zimbabwe ob wednesday"
"johannesburg (reuters) - zimbabwe s longstanding government and ruling party mouthpiece
"ouagadougou (reuters) - burkina faso s foreign minister said on monday it had recalled its ambassador to libya over a report that black african migrants were being auctioned as slaves there. the decision by the west african nation followed the broadcast by cnn of footage of what it said was an auction of men offered to libyan buyers as farmhands and sold for $400
"manila (reuters) - philippine president rodrigo duterte on tuesday threatened to shut down any mine that supports maoist rebels waging a protracted guerrilla war to overthrow the government. the philippines has been in on-again
"prague (reuters) - czech police have requested parliament lift the immunity of prospective prime minister andrej babis to allow prosecution in a case involving alleged fraud in tapping european union subsidies
"beirut (reuters) - a syrian kurdish militia accused turkish forces on tuesday of  aggression and escalation  in the afrin region
"geneva (reuters) - the united nations urged sudan to end violence and human rights abuses against the 2.6 million people displaced by its long conflict in darfur
"london (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said on tuesday she wanted to see more talks next week between northern ireland s main parties
"phnom penh (reuters) - sweden said on tuesday it was stopping new aid for cambodia
 u.s. congress members say"
 but urgent"
"beijing (reuters) - a chinese court on tuesday jailed a prominent rights lawyer for two years
"moscow (reuters) - the head of russian state oil giant rosneft
"london (reuters) - britain will honour its commitments made while a member of the european union
 attorney general turn up for zimbabwe cabinet meeting: sources"
 top aide's star fades"
"kiev (reuters) - ukraine said on tuesday it had expelled a belarussian diplomat in a tit-for-tat move linked to allegations from belarus that the ukrainian defense ministry had set up a spy ring in minsk. belarus s kgb state security service said on monday it had arrested a ukrainian journalist and declared a ukrainian diplomat persona non grata due to their alleged involvement in espionage.  the ukrainian foreign ministry has also made the decision to declare a belarussian diplomat persona non grata and he has already left the country
"berlin (reuters) - german police on tuesday detained six syrians suspected of planning an attack using weapons or explosives on behalf of the islamic state militant group
"berlin (reuters) - chancellor angela merkel said she would prefer a new election to ruling with a minority after talks on forming a three-way coalition failed overnight
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel said on monday that she would prefer new elections to leading a minority government after talks about forming a three-way coalition collapsed overnight.  my point of view is that new elections would be the better path
 japan welcome u.s. relisting north korea as sponsor of terrorism"
"moscow (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin will hold a telephone conversation with the king of saudi arabia on tuesday to inform him about his meeting with syrian president bashar al-assad
"istanbul (reuters) - a turkish court sentenced a journalist from opposition newspaper cumhuriyet to three years in prison on tuesday on a charge of spreading terrorist propaganda over a tweet which the paper briefly posted in may
 take responsibility"
"jerusalem (reuters) - a senior israeli official dismissed as  nonsense  on tuesday a warning by lebanese army s of possible aggression by israel.  it s nonsense
"harare (reuters) - ousted zimbabwean vice president emmerson mnangagwa added his voice on tuesday to those demanding 93-year-old president mugabe resign
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s information minister said on tuesday he did not know whether ministers would attend a cabinet meeting called by president robert mugabe at his state house offices
"beijing (reuters) - china s foreign ministry said on tuesday it hoped all parties could contribute to resolving the issue on the korean peninsula peacefully
 putin to talk over phone on tuesday after assad's visit to russia: ifx"
"bangkok (reuters) - thailand is seeking to prosecute ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra for graft under a law that allows politicians to be tried in absentia
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico s leftist presidential hopeful andres manuel lopez obrador vowed on monday to boost infrastructure spending but guard economic stability
"mar del plata
 triggers sanctions"
"santiago (reuters) - conservative billionaire sebastian pinera said he would court centrist s on monday in a bid to regain ground in chile s presidential election after a surprise surge by leftists in sunday s first-round vote. pinera faces a tight dec. 17 runoff against center-left alejandro guillier and will also likely have to deal with opposition to his promised tax breaks in the next left-leaning congress if he triumphs. a former president who ran chile between 2010 and 2014
"seoul (reuters) - south korea s foreign ministry said on tuesday the united states  decision to put north korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism is expected to contribute to the peaceful decentralization of the north. the announcement will not change the joint stance of south korea and the united states in trying to bring north korea to dialogue
"shanghai (reuters) - central and local governments will be more open to providing information to help the international community understand china
"shanghai (reuters) - police in beijing have detained 18 people following a fire that killed 19 people and injured another eight on saturday evening
"beijing (reuters) - china supports cambodia s efforts to protect political stability and believes it will smoothly hold elections next year
"panama city (reuters) - panama is on track to hit a record level of illegal narcotics seizures this year after authorities over the weekend seized about 2 tonnes of cocaine near the central american country s border with colombia
"buenos aires (reuters) - one of the 44 crew members on board the argentine submarine that is missing in the south atlantic is eliana maria krawczyk
"buenos aires (reuters) - sounds detected by probes searching for a missing argentine submarine in the south atlantic on monday did not come from the vessel
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson said on monday that the move to designate north korea as a state sponsor of terrorism will help dissuade third parties from supporting pyongyang.  the practical effect of it is ... it may though disrupt
"tokyo (reuters) - japanese prime minister shinzo abe on tuesday welcomed u.s. president donald trump s move to put north korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may met with senior members of her ministerial team on monday to discuss their response to european union demands for more detail on how much britain is willing to pay as part of its brexit divorce package. the eu told may on friday that there was more work to be done to unlock the brexit talks
"mexico city (reuters) - adolfo lagos
"pattaya
"monrovia (reuters) - liberia s electoral commission said on monday that claims of fraud brought by a presidential candidate in last month s election did not have sufficient evidence
"cairo (reuters) - egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi will meet saad al-hariri
"riyadh (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson called saudi arabia s crown prince mohammed bin salman on monday to discuss regional security
"beirut (reuters) - the head of the syrian opposition s high negotiations committee (hnc) resigned on monday
 qatari emir discuss syria by phone: kremlin"
"beirut (reuters) - the leader of lebanon s hezbollah said on monday his iran-backed group had not sent any weapons to yemen and denied that it was behind the firing of a ballistic missile at riyadh from yemeni territory held by tehran-allied houthi forces.      in a televised address
"belfast (reuters) - the head of the democratic unionist party said on monday northern ireland would leave the eu on the same terms as the rest of the united kingdom
 afghan forces strike opium factories to curb taliban funds"
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s top general said on monday talks were planned between president robert mugabe and former vice president emmerson mnangagwa
 entities for iran-linked counterfeiting"
"johannesburg (reuters) - zimbabwe s top general said on monday he was encouraged by contact between president robert mugabe and former vice president emmerson mnangagwa
 south africa needs leadership change: anc official"
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodian prime minister hun sen challenged the united states on sunday to cut all aid after it announced it was ending funding for a general election next year in response to the dissolution of the main opposition party
"london/riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabian security officials said on monday that the country had been targeted as part of a wide-ranging cyber espionage campaign observed since february against five middle east nations as well as several countries outside the region. the saudi government s national cyber security center (ncsc) said in a statement the kingdom had been hit by a hacking campaign bearing the technical hallmarks of an attack group dubbed  muddywater  by u.s. cyber firm palo alto networks. palo alto s unit 42 threat research unit published a report last friday showing how a string of connected attacks this year used decoy documents with official-looking government logos to lure unsuspecting users from targeted organizations to download infected documents and compromise their computer networks. documents pretending to be from the u.s. national security agency
"washington (reuters) - the top u.s. general in afghanistan said on monday he believes he could help afghan forces drive back the taliban enough to control at least 80 percent of the country within two years
"johannesburg (reuters) - a relative of zimbabwean minister jonathan moyo
"madrid (reuters) - two former members of the catalan government held in custody over their roles in catalonia s banned independence drive have asked to be released from custody after accepting madrid s control of the region
"baghdad/erbil
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel on monday said she saw no reason to resign after the collapse of talks about a three-way coalition government
"london (reuters) - a few hours before theresa may lost her second cabinet member in a week
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s ruling zanu-pf on monday officially notified president robert mugabe of his removal as party president and will on tuesday table a motion to impeach him after a deadline it set for his resignation passed
"london (reuters) - britain s electoral commission has opened an investigation to establish whether vote leave limited
"athens (reuters) - residents on the greek island of lesbos went on strike on monday to protest against european policies they say have turned it into a  prison  for migrants and refugees. islanders shut businesses
"berlin (reuters) - german president frank-walter steinmeier said he expects all parties elected to parliament to be ready for talks to enable a government to be formed after talks on forging a new ruling coalition collapsed early on monday.  all political parties elected to the german parliament have an obligation to the common interest to serve our country
"minsk (reuters) - belarus s kgb state security service said on monday it had uncovered a spy ring working for the ukrainian defence ministry that had been set up by a detained ukrainian radio correspondent. minsk-based journalist pavlo sharoyko was arrested in october and charged with being an undercover intelligence officer
"erbil (reuters) - iraq s kurdistan regional government on monday called on the international community to intervene and help lift sanctions imposed by the central government in baghdad in retaliation for a september referendum on kurdish independence.   the restrictive policies adopted by baghdad against erbil are in violation of iraq s obligations and responsibilities under international and humanitarian law
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s president robert mugabe has called his cabinet for a meeting on tuesday at his state house offices
 rape
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s higher education minister jonathan moyo
"dublin (reuters) - sinn fein s gerry adams
"benghazi
"budapest (reuters) - u.s. financier george soros on monday denounced a hungarian government campaign against him as  distortions and lies  designed to create a false external enemy. soros
 quietly"
"nairobi (reuters) - kenya s supreme court on monday upheld the re-election of president uhuru kenyatta in last month s repeat presidential vote
"harare (reuters) - lawmakers from zimbabwe s main opposition party mdc will hold a meeting on tuesday to decide whether to join their ruling party rivals to impeach 93-year-old president robert mugabe
"rome (reuters) - italy s anti-establishment 5-star movement pummeled a center-right coalition to govern ostia
"budapest (reuters) - hungary is facing a frontal assault from u.s. financier george soros who is attacking the country via his non-government organizations and european union bureaucrats
"havana (reuters) - north korea s foreign minister will arrive in cuba on monday
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s state broadcaster zbc was on monday put on stand-by for an expected address by the military
"berlin (reuters) - german voters should be given the opportunity to reevaluate the political situation after talks to form a government collapsed
"beirut (reuters) - the lebanese president appeared to defend hezbollah as necessary to resist israel on monday
harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s main opposition leader said on monday president robert mugabe s refusal to resign had dampened people s spirits and called for an inclusive political process in the aftermath of a military intervention last week. morgan tsvangirai said there should be an all-stakeholders meeting to chart the country s future and that the next elections due next year should be supervised by the international community. 
"london (reuters) - zimbabwean president robert mugabe has lost the support of the people
"rabat (reuters) - fifteen people were killed and five more injured when a stampede broke out in a southwestern moroccan town on sunday as food aid was being distributed in a market
"moscow (reuters) - visa consultations in u.s. consulates in russia could be resumed in the near future
"brussels (reuters) - the collapse of german chancellor angela merkel s talks to form a three-way coalition government is  bad news for europe  given the leading role of the european union s biggest member state
"berlin (reuters) - germany s social democrats are still not available to join chancellor angela merkel s christian democrats in a continuation of their  grand coalition  government after talks with other parties failed
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel s failure to forge a three-way coalition government has plunged europe s largest economy into uncharted waters
"berlin (reuters) - german chancellor angela merkel got the strong backing of the leadership of her christian democrats (cdu) during a telephone conference on monday after coalition talks to form a new government failed late on sunday. armin laschet
 nz officials discuss screening for manus refugees - nz pm"
 president macron says"
"london (reuters) - prime minister theresa may s spokesman said on monday he was not aware of any brexit-related concerns in the british government following the collapse of german chancellor angela merkel s talks to form a three-way coalition government.   i m not aware of any broader concerns
"phnom penh (reuters) - elected officials of cambodia s banned opposition party have begun handing over their duties after a court ordered the party dissolved
"erbil (reuters) - iraq s supreme federal court
 faces runoff"
 who will then make statement"
"athens (reuters) - greece said on monday it would offer emergency compensation worth millions of euros to hundreds of households affected by flash flooding west of athens that killed at least 20 people on nov. 15. hundreds of homes and businesses were extensively damaged in the coastal towns of mandra and nea peramos when a torrent of mud and water smashed into the settlements
 no casualties: anadolu"
"moscow (reuters) - poised to run for a fourth term
"seoul (reuters) - north korea may conduct additional missile tests this year to polish up its long-range missile technology and ramp up the threat against the united states
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish authorities on monday issued arrest warrants for 107 teachers for suspected ties to the u.s.-based cleric ankara blames for orchestrating last year s coup
"zurich (reuters) - swiss police declared the u.s. consular office building in zurich as safe
"harare (reuters) - lawmakers from president robert mugabe s ruling party will meet at the party headquarters on monday to discuss impeaching the 93-year-old leader after a noon deadline passed without him resigning
"belgrade (reuters) - when a court on the dutch north sea coast issues its final verdict this week
"beijing (reuters) - a chinese envoy exchanged views on the korean peninsula issue with north korean officials during a visit to north korea
"harare (reuters) - a noon deadline by the ruling party for robert mugabe to stand down as president of zimbabwe or face impeachment expired on monday with no word on the fate of the 93-year-old
 bangladesh to resolve rohingya crisis"
"beijing (reuters) - chinese foreign minister wang yi told myanmar president htin kyaw on sunday that china was willing to keep playing a constructive role over the rakhine state issue
 exams postponed"
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe president robert mugabe agreed to resign on sunday but his ruling zanu-pf party did not want him to quit in front of the military
"berlin (reuters) - chancellor angela merkel has canceled a news conference with dutch prime minister mark rutte that had been planned for monday
"zurich (reuters) - a united states consular office in the swiss financial capital zurich was evacuated on monday when staff found a suspicious package in the entrance
"beijing (reuters) - china on monday criticized a visit by indian president ram nath kovind to the remote state of arunachal pradesh
"tokyo (reuters) - the u.n. refugee agency has urged japan to resettle more asylum seekers
"paris (reuters) - president emmanuel macron said on monday he had spoken with german chancellor angela merkel late on sunday when her efforts to form a coalition government collapsed and that it was not in french interests for the process to stall.  it s not in our interests that the process freezes up
harare (reuters) - the leader of zimbabwe s war veterans chris mutsvangwa said on monday he would initiate court action to legalize the military action against president robert mugabe after the army seized power on wednesday. the 93-year-old president defied expectations that he would resign in a national address on sunday night during which he was flanked by military generals.  
"jakarta (reuters) - indonesia s parliament speaker
 cnn says"
"bangkok (reuters) - twenty ethnic uighur muslims from china broke out of a detention center near the thai-malaysia border
"manila (reuters) - philippine president rodrigo duterte has not lifted a ban on open pit mining
"beijing (reuters) - three workers were killed and six others injured during a suspected gas leak at a petrochina-operated refinery in dalian on saturday evening
"harare (reuters) - president robert mugabe stunned zimbabwe on sunday by making no mention of resignation in a television address
"mar del plata
"beijing (reuters) - the government of the southwestern chinese city of chongqing renewed its attacks on two of its disgraced former leaders on monday
"beijing (reuters) - a fire in a beijing apartment block that killed 19 people and injured eight has prompted authorities to order city-wide safety checks
"berlin (reuters) - germany s would-be coalition partners have not agreed to abolish a tax imposed after reunification to help poorer eastern states
"shanghai (reuters) - china has proposed a three-phase plan for resolving the rohingya crisis
"mar del plata
"santiago (reuters) - conservative sebastian pinera took an early lead in chile s presidential election on sunday evening
"jerusalem/riyadh (reuters) - an israeli cabinet minister said on sunday that israel has had covert contacts with saudi arabia amid common concerns over iran
 guillier 23 percent: media projection"
"buenos aires (reuters) - u.s. satellite communications company iridium communications inc (irdm.o) said on sunday the last call from its device aboard a missing argentine submarine was made at 1136 gmt on wednesday
"athens (reuters) - greek centrists elected politician fofi gennimata on sunday to lead a center-left party alliance
 hezbollah meddling"
"jerusalem (reuters) - israel s president on sunday turned down a pardon request by an ex-conscript who is serving an serving a 14-month jail term for killing an incapacitated palestinian assailant. in september
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe opposition leader morgan tsvangirai said he was  baffled  by president robert mugabe s address to the nation on sunday when the veteran leader defied widespread expectations that he would resign.  i am baffled. it s not just me
"jerusalem (reuters) - israeli police officers on sunday questioned prime minister benjamin netanyahu for the sixth time in a corruption probe
"ramallah/washington (reuters) - palestinian officials expressed surprise on saturday at a u.s. decision to close the palestine liberation organization office in washington unless the group enters peace negotiations with israel
"beirut (reuters) - saad al-hariri
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s president robert mugabe defied expectations he would resign on sunday
"johannesburg (reuters) - the leader of zimbabwe s war veterans said on sunday plans to impeach president robert mugabe would go ahead as scheduled after the 93-year-old leader defied expectations that he would resign in a national address. chris mutsvangwa
"algiers (reuters) - algeria s coastguard has picked up 286 illegal migrants heading across the mediterranean to europe by boat
"warsaw (reuters) - european council president donald tusk said on sunday he was alarmed by the similarity of policies pursued by poland s right-wing government to what he described as  kremlin s plan . poland s ruling law and justice (pis) party has been increasingly at loggerheads with the eu and tusk since coming to office in late 2015
 ex-cops get into the business"
 another fighter
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s zbc state broadcaster is preparing for an announcement in the next few hours
"london (reuters) - britain will submit proposals on how to settle its divorce bill with the european union before an eu summit next month and is expected to negotiate hard
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe president robert mugabe met military chiefs on sunday for a second round of negotiations to encourage him to stand down after 37 years in power
 exhibitions"
"dhaka (reuters) - bangladesh is in negotiations with myanmar aimed at a deal to repatriate displaced rohingya and dhaka s foreign minister will address the matter at talks in myanmar this week
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s ruling zanu-pf party has given robert mugabe until noon (5.00 a.m. et) on monday to step down as president or face impeachment
"nairobi (reuters) - kenyan police fired teargas to disperse a crowd that was protesting on sunday against the overnight murder of four people in a slum in the capital nairobi. parts of the city have been gripped by tension since friday when at least five people were killed in violence involving the police and opposition supporters who were accompanying their leader raila odinga after a trip abroad.  japheth koome
' pope says"
 allies take back albu kamal from islamic state"
"johannesburg (reuters) - the southern african development community (sadc) will discuss zimbabwe s political crisis on tuesday at a summit in the angolan capital luanda
"harare (reuters) - the leader of zimbabwe s powerful liberation war veterans threatened on sunday to unleash the mob against 93-year-old president robert mugabe if he continued to refuse to step down after a military seizure of power. asked what would happen if mugabe failed to yield to pressure to go
 sources say"
 likely from missing submarine"
"lashkar gah
 fake news"
 hariri says will clarify position in lebanon"
"cap-haitien/port-au-prince (reuters) - haiti s president on saturday heralded the re-establishment of the country s military after 22 years
 to decide sunday: senior lebanese official"
 likely from missing submarine"
"dublin (reuters) - as the public face of the irish republican army during its bombing campaigns
"london (reuters) - buckingham palace issued a new photographic portrait of queen elizabeth and her husband prince philip on saturday to mark their upcoming 70th wedding anniversary. the couple married at london s westminster abbey on nov. 20
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish authorities have opened an investigation into the u.s. prosecutors who brought charges against a turkish gold trader facing trial in new york
 zimbabweans celebrate expected downfall"
"alexandria
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s president robert mugabe will meet military commanders for talks on sunday
"warsaw (reuters) - ukraine has summoned the polish ambassador in kiev after poland denied entry to a ukrainian official in an escalation of a diplomatic spat over the two neighbours  troubled past. poland s decision to refused entry on saturday to the head of ukraine s commemoration commission
"berlin (reuters) - germany s three would-be coalition partners went deep into overtime in talks on saturday as they sought enough common ground in climate and migration policy to form a government and stave off the prospect of a repeat election. incumbent chancellor angela merkel s only realistic hope of securing a fourth term after suffering losses in september s election is an awkward three-way conservative-liberal-green alliance. but after four weeks of talks
"cairo (reuters) - saudi arabia has summoned its ambassador in germany home for consultations over comments by german foreign minister sigmar gabriel about the political crisis in lebanon. the saudi foreign ministry said the government also handed germany s representative in riyadh a protest note over what it said were  shameful  comments gabriel made after a meeting with his lebanese counterpart. after a meeting in berlin with lebanese foreign minister gebran bassil
 myanmar to solve rohingya crisis bilaterally"
"phnom penh (reuters) - a cambodian court on saturday charged two journalists with espionage for filing news reports to a u.s.-funded radio station
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe president robert mugabe was not in a motorcade that was seen leaving his residence in harare on saturday
"paris (reuters) - france is considering whether to host a meeting of the  international lebanon support group to discuss the political crisis in the country
 jeer as zimbabwe's mugabe motorcade leaves harare residence"
"vatican city (reuters) - the vatican said on saturday it had opened an investigation into  reports that a former teenage altar boy
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s ruling zanu-pf party will hold a special central committee meeting on sunday morning to dismiss 93-year-old president robert mugabe as its leader
"colombo (reuters) - sri lankan police arrested 19 people after a clash between  extremists  from the majority buddhist and minority muslim communities in which four people were injured
"paris (reuters) - lebanon s saad al-hariri said on saturday he would travel to beirut in the coming days and announce his position on the crisis in his country after holding talks with president michel aoun.  with regard to the political situation in lebanon
"harare (reuters) - hundreds of protesters seeking to remove zimbabwe president robert mugabe from office heeded a call from a leader of the powerful liberation war veterans on saturday to march on the 93-year-old s residence in the capital.  let us now go and deliver the message that grandfather mugabe and his typist-cum-wife should go home
"harare (reuters) - helen kwambana has lived in fear of zimbabwean president robert mugabe and his security forces her whole life. on saturday she chanted on the streets of the capital for the 93-year-old to step down and took a selfie with a soldier.   kwambana and tens of thousands of others joined anti-mugabe marches in harare
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan on saturday batted back an apology from the nato military alliance after his name appeared on an  enemy poster  at a drill
 nephew tells reuters"
"timika
"timika
johannesburg (reuters) - south african president jacob zuma said on saturday the african region was committed to supporting  the people of zimbabwe  after a military takeover and that he was cautiously optimistic that the situation there could be resolved amicably. zuma made the comments in the south african city of durban as thousands of zimbabweans celebrated the expected downfall of president robert mugabe in the streets of harare. 
"gaza (reuters) - the egypt-gaza border opened under control of the western-backed palestinian authority for the first time since 2007 on saturday
"caracas/bogota (reuters) - veteran venezuelan opposition leader antonio ledezma
"beirut (reuters) - saad al-hariri
"beirut (reuters) - france should not interfere in iran s missile program
"beirut (reuters) - saad al-hariri
"united nations (reuters) - an international investigation into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in syria will end on friday after russia blocked for the third time in a month attempts at the united nations to renew the inquiry
 clashes break out"
"melbourne (reuters) - australia s main medical association called on saturday for the government to allow independent doctors and other health experts to help more than 400 asylum seekers languishing inside a recently closed detention center in papua new guinea. the asylum seekers have shut themselves inside the australian-run manus island centre for the past 18 days
"beijing/seoul (reuters) - traditional friendship between china and north korea represents  valuable wealth  for their people
"buenos aires (reuters) - an argentine submarine with 44 crew on board was missing in the south atlantic two days after its last communication
"harare (reuters) - president robert mugabe s own ruling zanu-pf party wants him to step down and plans to hold a rally in zimbabwe s capital harare on saturday to make the point. mugabe
"caracas (reuters) - venezuelan president nicolas maduro
"washington (reuters) - the u.s. state department on friday urged passage of a u.s.-drafted united nations security council resolution to renew an international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in syria for one month. state department spokesperson heather nauert
"united nations (reuters) - russia vetoed on friday a japanese-drafted u.n. security council resolution to extend by one month an international inquiry into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in syria
"cairo (reuters) - lebanon prime minister saad al-hariri said late on friday he is on his way to the airport in saudi arabia.  hariri
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon could face economic sanctions from arab countries or worse if hezbollah does not stop meddling in regional conflicts
"santiago (reuters) - chile s presidential hopefuls wrapped up campaigning on thursday in a race that has pitted billionaire sebastian pinera s promise for change against center-left candidate alejandro guillier s defense of a recent raft of progressive reforms. with their six rivals trailing far behind
"(reuters) - recreational marijuana is on track to be legalized in canada by july 2018
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s ruling zanu-pf party called on friday for president robert mugabe to resign
"washington (reuters) - qatar s foreign minister on friday criticized  reckless leadership  in the gulf for a number of crises including the gulf rift and lebanon
"baghdad (reuters) - iraqi forces on friday captured the border town of rawa
" (this story from november 16 corrects paragraph 15 to say aden port only partially open and sanaa airport remains closed
"berlin (reuters) - the german government should revoke landing rights for kuwait airways given its ban on israeli passengers
"(reuters) - investors seeking steady income flows may have ignored the technology sector and the unexpected impact technology is having on companies in other industries
"johannesburg (reuters) - zimbabwe s ruling zanu-pf party called on friday for president robert mugabe to resign
 magistrate and mobster say"
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s foreign minister gebran bassil said on friday a crisis triggered by the resignation of its prime minister was part of an  attempt to create chaos in the region 
"berlin (reuters) - germany s would-be coalition partners continued talks on friday after all-night negotiations failed to produce a breakthrough
"nairobi (reuters) - at least five people were killed on friday as kenyan police tried to disperse supporters accompanying opposition leader raila odinga from the airport to central nairobi
"brasilia (reuters) - the brazilian government s plan to overhaul the costly pension system will be in trouble if it does not clear the lower house of congress this year
"istanbul (reuters) - the u.s. case against a turkish gold trader accused of evading u.s. sanctions on iran is based on evidence fabricated by the network of the muslim cleric ankara blames for last year s coup attempt
"gothenburg
 eu tells may"
 very cautious but optimistic"
 iranian envoy says"
"ankara (reuters) - iran accused france on friday of fuelling tension in the middle east by taking a  biased  stance on tehran s regional policy
"dublin (reuters) - britain and ireland clashed over brexit on friday with dublin saying it was not ready to allow talks to move on to trade issues next month and london ruling out the much longer transitional period preferred by its neighbour. the border between eu-member ireland and northern ireland
"beirut (reuters) - an islamic state car bomb killed 20 people and injured 30 others at a site where displaced families are located in eastern syria near the city of deir al-zor
"paris (reuters) - president emmanuel macron said on friday that france s position on brexit talks had not changed and that there could be no talks on the future relationship between britain and the eu as long as issues around citizen rights
"brussels (reuters) - a belgian judge made no ruling on friday on a european arrest warrant issued by spain for ousted catalan leader carles puigdemont
"islamabad (reuters) - pakistani authorities issued a final warning on friday to members of an islamist party blocking a main road into the capital
"johannesburg (reuters) - south africa s justice minister michael masutha on friday denied parole to the killer of anti-apartheid leader chris hani
"london (reuters) - britain s upper parliamentary chamber
"pristina (reuters) - a court in kosovo on friday sentenced four people
"gothenburg (reuters) - british prime minister theresa may said on friday she and fellow eu leaders agreed that brexit divorce talks had made  good progress 
nairobi (reuters) - kenya s police service said five people were killed by mobs on friday for looting during  unauthorized  processions called to welcome opposition leader raila odinga back to the country after a trip abroad. reuters photographers had earlier counted two bodies with gunshot wounds sustained in the violence as police tried to disperse odinga s supporters who walked alongside his convoy from the airport. 
"gothenburg
"moscow/beirut (reuters) - russian long-range bombers struck islamic state on friday in albu kamal in eastern syria
"helsinki (reuters) - finnish police reprimanded a man for traveling in a car boot to hide his meeting with prime minister juha sipila during a government crisis last summer
"ankara (reuters) - turkey is pulling 40 soldiers out of a nato exercise in norway
"harare (reuters) - the spectacular rise and fall of zimbabwe s uncompromising first lady
"beijing (reuters) - china s foreign ministry called on friday for a peaceful resolution in zimbabwe under a legal framework
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson on friday urged  a quick return to civilian rule  in zimbabwe after its army took charge earlier this week
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s national carrier middle east airlines (mea) on friday lifted restrictions on carry-on electronic devices on planes traveling from beirut to london
"washington (reuters) - u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson urged african leaders on friday to take further actions to pressure north korea to end its nuclear and missile programs
"gothenburg
 others injured in minibus crash in central bulgaria"
 14 others be held over desert attack"
"athens (reuters) - europe s top human rights court has faulted greece for failing to fully investigate the death of a telecoms engineer in 2005 during a scandal over wiretapping of the country s political leadership. costas tsalikidis
"beirut (reuters) - saad al-hariri
 u.s. army paratroopers jump together to boost ties"
"jerusalem (reuters) - two of prime minister benjamin netanyahu s closest allies have initiated legislation in what opponents say is a rearguard action to try to shield him from a police probe into corruption allegations against him. netanyahu is a suspect in two cases
 accuses pm of corruption"
"moscow (reuters) - lebanon s foreign minister gebran bassil said in moscow that he hopes saad al-hariri
"geneva (reuters) - north korea on friday ruled out negotiations with washington as long as joint u.s-south korea military exercises continue
"beirut/riyadh (reuters) - saudi authorities are striking agreements with some of those detained in an anti-corruption crackdown
 eu's tusk"
"salerno
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian prosecutors said on friday they were investigating a case that could involve the head of the national anti-corruption bureau
"gothenburg
"washington (reuters) - the united states is closely watching the situation in saudi arabia amid reported asset agreements between saudi authorities and some detainees in an anti-corruption crackdown
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s saad al-hariri
"moscow (reuters) - russia s foreign minister
"moscow (reuters) - lebanese foreign minister gebran bassil said on friday some forces were trying to oust the leader of the country
 no signal from north korea amid nuclear crisis"
"moscow (reuters) - kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said on friday it was not yet known if russian president vladimir putin will run for re-election when his term ends next year. peskov said putin met former finance minister alexei kudrin to talk about a strategy for economic development up to 2024. asked if kudrin was helping draft putin s program for the next term
 china says panama will get the help it needs"
"nairobi (reuters) - two people were shot dead on friday as kenyan police tried to disperse opposition supporters marching from an airport alongside the convoy of opposition leader raila odinga
 in decree
"london (reuters) - british foreign minister boris johnson said on friday it was  appalling  that russia had blocked a u.s.-drafted resolution to renew an international inquiry into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in syria.  it is appalling that the un joint investigative mechanism has been closed down
"seoul (reuters) - parasitic worms found in a north korean soldier
 france disagree with russia on how to deploy peacekeepers in ukraine: gabriel"
"berlin (reuters) - angela merkel s conservatives are ready to make further concessions on reducing coal emissions to salvage talks with two smaller parties on forming a coalition government
"rome (reuters) - salvatore  toto  riina
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe president robert mugabe arrived at a university graduation ceremony in the capital on friday
"ankara (reuters) - president tayyip erdogan said on friday that turkey needed to clear the afrin region of northwest syria of kurdish ypg militia fighters
"johannesburg (reuters) - zimbabwe president robert mugabe should end his attempts to remain in office after the military seized power this week as he has no regional diplomatic support to stay in power
 eu action after banning opposition"
"nairobi (reuters) - kenyan police fired tear gas at opposition leader raila odinga s car
"london (reuters) - britain s prime minister theresa may will push ahead with plans to fix into law the time and date of the country s european union exit for march 2019
"bozanovici
 air strikes as philippine troops hunt militants in marshland"
"sofia (reuters) - bulgaria s parliament speaker dimitar glavchev resigned on friday in a move he said was to avoid political upheaval as the country prepares to take over the six-month rotating european union presidency in january. the opposition socialists had demanded glavchev s resignation and said they would boycott parliament sessions until he stepped down after he banned their leader
"vatican city (reuters) - pope francis condemned on thursday inequality in healthcare
"dublin (reuters) - ireland is not ready to allow talks on britain s withdrawal from the european union to move to the second phase next month
"beijing (reuters) - china said on friday it supports cambodia in pursuing its own development path
"moscow (reuters) - north korea has petitioned the russian parliament to help 3
 indonesian parliament speaker under guard in hospital"
 merkel's top aide says"
"istanbul (reuters) - turkish police have launched operations to track down 42 university staff from istanbul s marmara university who are alleged to have links to last year s failed coup attempt
' zimbabwe ruling party tells mugabe"
 u.s. envoy says"
"sydney (reuters) - the 40
 russia to hold simulated anti-missile drill"
 bombings in battle for philippines marawi city"
"berlin (reuters) - germany will spend an initial 10 million euros to help remove mines from the northern syrian city of raqqa
"ankara (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan wants the foundations to be laid for the akkuyu nuclear plant in southern turkey by the end of this month
"wellington/sydney (reuters) - new zealand will not resettle refugees occupying a shuttered australian-run detention in papua new guinea without australia s agreement
"san jose (reuters) - women who were sexually tortured by mexican security forces over a decade ago testified thursday before the inter-american court of human rights
"yangon (reuters) - one person was injured when military trucks hit landmines in myanmar s troubled rakhine state this week
"beijing (reuters) - a workaholic keen swimmer with an extensive knowledge of foreign literature   china s state news agency xinhua on friday cracked open the door to president xi jinping s private life in an unusual and glowing profile. the private lives of senior chinese leaders have traditionally been shrouded in secrecy
harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s military said it was engaging president robert mugabe in talks on the way forward for the country and that it would advise the nation on the outcome as soon as possible. the military added in a statement broadcast on zimbabwean television that it had made  significant progress  in its operation targeting  criminals  around mugabe. 
"tokyo (reuters) - japan s health ministry is likely to drastically water down a proposal restricting smoking in restaurants
"berlin (reuters) - chancellor angela merkel s efforts to forge a three-way ruling coalition dragged into the wee hours of friday
"berlin (reuters) - talks to form a three-way german ruling coalition will continue into saturday
"berlin (reuters) - christian lindner
"berlin (reuters) - talks about forming a new three-way german ruling coalition have been delayed until noon on friday amid continuing differences over climate
"beijing (reuters) - western countries are trying to push their culture and political values onto others
"washington (reuters) - the united states expressed  grave concern  on thursday about the cambodian government s decision to dissolve the main opposition party and said washington will take  concrete steps  in response
"washington (reuters) - the united states is seeking  a new era  for zimbabwe
"mexico city (reuters) - mexico on thursday undertook to focus more resources on the search for missing people
"washington (reuters) - satellite images taken this month of a north korean naval shipyard indicate pyongyang is pursuing an  aggressive schedule  to build its first operational ballistic missile submarine
"bonn
"beijing (reuters) - china supports saudi arabia s efforts to safeguard national sovereignty and achieve greater development
"(reuters) - conservative frontrunner sebastian pinera and center-left alejandro guillier lead a crowded field of candidates in chile s presidential election on sunday
"cairo (reuters) - a foreign fighter captured during a raid on islamist militants blamed by egypt for a deadly attack in its western desert last month is a libyan national
 blocking inquiry renewal"
"washington (reuters) - sudan committed on thursday to severing all trade and military ties with north korea
"cox s bazar
"khartoum (reuters) - sudanese president omar hassan al-bashir said on thursday he would support the governor of the country s gezira state in 2020 presidential elections if mohamed tahir ayala decided to stand.  bashir
"beijing (reuters) - china said on thursday a  dual suspension  proposal to handle north korea was still the best option
"berlin (reuters) - it is  incredibly unlikely  that britain will not be able to negotiate a deal with the european union on its departure from the bloc
"new york/ankara (reuters) - the u.s. judge presiding over the trial of a turkish gold trader accused of evading u.s. sanctions against iran on thursday refused to say if the wealthy businessman would be on trial with one of his co-defendants later this month. u.s. prosecutors have charged the trader
 coup chief meet with smiles and handshakes"
"united nations (reuters) - russia cast its 10th veto on thursday of united nations security council action on syria since the war began in 2011
"beirut (reuters) - lebanon s saad al-hariri is expected to leave saudi arabia for france within 48 hours
"beirut/paris (reuters) - lebanon s president said on thursday he hoped the crisis over saad al-hariri s resignation as prime minister would end soon
"caracas (reuters) - venezuela s sacked former chief prosecutor on thursday asked the international criminal court to capture and try president nicolas maduro and other top officials for crimes against humanity over murders by police and military officers. luisa ortega
"kabul (reuters) - a suicide bomb attack in the afghan capital near a meeting of supporters of an influential regional leader on thursday killed at least nine people and wounded many
"glasgow
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodia s highest court dissolved the main opposition party on thursday
 russia for ""foreign agent"" media laws"
"maiduguri
"washington (reuters) - u.s. president donald trump on thursday urged all members of the u.n. security council to back the renewal of the international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in syria
 meet macron: elysee source"
"london (reuters) - britain said on thursday that moves toward paying half a billion dollars to iran for a debt owed since the 1979 islamic revolution had nothing to do with a bid to secure the release of a jailed iranian-british aid worker. nazanin zaghari-ratcliffe
"mandra
 uk dismisses brexit offer talk"
"tripoli (reuters) - in a square behind libya s central bank
"riyadh (reuters) - france s foreign minister on thursday called on the saudi-led coalition fighting in yemen to boost humanitarian efforts for the local civilian population who required  urgent  assistance. the heads of three u.n. agencies urged the saudi-led military coalition on thursday to lift its blockade on yemen
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwean president robert mugabe
"united nations (reuters) - a united nations general assembly committee on thursday called on myanmar to end military operations that have  led to the systematic violation and abuse of human rights  of rohingya muslims in the country s rakhine state.  the move revived a u.n. resolution that was dropped last year due to the country s progress on human rights. the general assembly s third committee
" (this november 15 story was corrected to clarify in paragraph three that not all people evacuated were fighters) ankara (reuters) - turkey on tuesday said it was appalled by the approach of the u.s. department of defense towards an agreement between the syrian kurdish ypg militia and islamic state to withdraw islamic state militants from the syrian city of raqqa. last month
"kiev (reuters) - ukrainian investigators fear corruption probes could get buried because the national anti-corruption bureau will soon be flooded by thousands of old cases and recently passed legislation could further hobble their work. their comments spotlight kiev s patchy record on fighting corruption
 tipped to lead french opposition
"bogota (reuters) - colombia s senate has backed a law to regulate transitional justice under the country s peace deal with marxist farc rebels
"dublin (reuters) - the irish government is hopeful northern ireland s political parties will make a fresh attempt at restoring their devolved power-sharing government in the next few weeks
"milan (reuters) - silvio berlusconi need no longer pay his ex-wife 1.4 million euros ($1.7 million) a month
"berlin (reuters) - the wave of refugees that entered germany in 2015-2016 has slowed its integration efforts
"tokyo (reuters) - diplomacy backed by military power is needed to deal with north korea s missile and nuclear development
"geneva (reuters) - the world bank agreed on thursday to grant war-torn yemen $150 million to help some of its hardest-hit cities restore basic services and fight a cholera epidemic. an agreement signed by a world bank official and the united nations office for project services (unops) is funded by the international development association (ida)
 development"
"paris (reuters) - france s military said on thursday the coalition battling islamic state in syria had opposed a deal allowing fighters of the militant group to withdraw from their former bastion of raqqa. the coalition had also been unable to launch air strikes against the fighters because they had mingled with civilians
"dubai (reuters) - the israeli army s chief of staff told an arabic language online newspaper that israel was ready to share  intelligence information  with saudi arabia
"nairobi (reuters) - kenya s supreme court will rule on monday on cases that seek to nullify the re-election of president uhuru kenyatta last month and the judges could order a fresh vote or clear the way for the incumbent to be sworn in for a second term. the two cases appear to represent a final chance for legal scrutiny of the oct. 26 election and the ruling could end a protracted political crisis in which more than 60 people have been killed. kenya is a hub for trade
"beirut (reuters) - the u.s.-backed syrian democratic forces (sdf)
"moscow (reuters) - russia on thursday named nine u.s. government-sponsored news outlets likely to be labeled  foreign agents  under a new law  that is being rushed through parliament in response to what moscow says is unacceptable u.s. pressure on russian media. russia s lower house of parliament approved the law - allowing moscow to force foreign media to brand news they provide to russians as the work of  foreign agents  and to disclose their funding sources - on wednesday. the legislation needs approval from the upper house of parliament
 police say"
"riyadh (reuters) - saudi arabia s foreign minister adel jubeir said on thursday the kingdom s actions in the middle east were a response to what he called the  aggression  of iran. long-standing arch-rivals
"london (reuters) - britain is preparing to transfer over 400 million pounds ($527 million) to iran as it seeks the release of a jailed iranian-british aid worker
"ankara (reuters) - political infighting among iran s ruling elite has moved on to a new battleground - the relief effort after an earthquake that killed at least 530 people and injured thousands. hardline media are accusing the government of pragmatist president hassan rouhani of reacting too slowly to last weekend s quake
"paris (reuters) - a revolt by 100 members of french president emmanuel macron s governing party has exposed tensions in the fledgling movement as it prepares to elect a leader handpicked by him on saturday. created about 18 months ago when macron was still relatively unknown
"townsville
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe opposition leader morgan tsvangirai said on thursday president robert mugabe should resign in the interest of the country after the military seized power. mugabe is insisting he remains zimbabwe s only legitimate ruler and has balked at mediation by a catholic priest to allow the 93-year-old former guerrilla a graceful exit after a military coup
"moscow (reuters) - the kremlin said on thursday russia would host a syria summit on nov. 22 involving officials from iran and turkey. kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said reporters on a conference call the summit would be held in the russian black sea resort of sochi.  ... we are talking about the countries that are the guarantors of the syrian peace process
"istanbul (reuters) - turkey detained 136 people
"beirut (reuters) - lebanese president michel aoun said on thursday that saad al-hariri will arrive in paris on saturday with his family
"rome (reuters) - italy s ruling democratic party (pd) has lost support following its flop in a regional election in sicily
 mugabe confined but ""safe"""
"harare (reuters) - the head of the youth wing of zimbabwe s ruling party on wednesday publicly apologized on state television to the military
"istanbul (reuters) - two turkish soldiers were killed and one was wounded on thursday in northern iraq s avasin basyan region by kurdistan workers party (pkk) militants
"harare (reuters) - zimbabwe s army appears to be pushing for a quick and bloodless end to 93-year-old president robert mugabe s 37 years in power
"sydney (reuters) - a british explorer reported missing while searching for a remote tribe in papua new guinea has been spotted next to an airstrip and is awaiting evacuation
"ankara (reuters) - iran rejected as  wrong  some british media reports linking a 400 million pound ($528 million) debt britain owed to iran and the fate of a jailed iranian-british aid worker
"ankara (reuters) - the united states has told turkey that jailed gold trader reza zarrab is in good medical condition
"phnom penh (reuters) - cambodian prime minister hun sen said in a statement broadcast on state television and facebook on thursday a general election planned for 2018 will go ahead
 in myanmar
